
@_date: 2001-12-01 20:10:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: dead reporter found in motel 
Kyneton,victoria au.Nov 2001.Wired reporter declan mc cullagh was found dead today in a country motel.
Both wrists were deeply slashed with a stanley Knife and police say there are no suspicious circumstances.
Though working on an esoteric story about a prototype internet weirdo,mc cullagh was said by a friend called 'measl'
to be depressed.A washington lobby group known as the Cato institute is paying to have mr mc cullaghs ashes flown back home where they may be scattered over the city he loved.A huge crowd is expected inc many Severance Package
Mullah Mohammed Omar, the Taliban's big kahuna, is floating an idea that a lot of publishers might find tempting: Shoot a reporter and get $50,000.

@_date: 2001-12-01 20:35:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: petrols opinion 
"CJP is/was/will be a lot funnier, and could babble in a fairly linear incoherency that mattd cannot. "
Agreed ,Ill even put a proffr dollar on myself.

@_date: 2001-12-01 21:33:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Assasinating politics 
Like bio-warfare,a subject that wont go away.AP is OK for the US and many other govts and the lunar right.Is it for you?
I read a piece recently titled "Assasination Politics" and although I find the implications quite frightening, I must say that it seems to fit well within the whole Anarcho-Capitalist framework. The paper outlines an internet based system that would allow users to anonymously contribute money to a fund that would be used to place a pricetag on the head of a tyrannical despot. Collection of the bounty would also be done anonymously and electronically, due to the wonders of crypto. In theory, it would keep politicians on the straight and narrow. Interesting idea. I'm probably on an FBI list for posting a link to the paper on my site

@_date: 2001-12-01 21:45:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Assasinating politics 2 
Table Of Contents : June
29 June 2001 Assasination politics.
by Jim Bell
An interesting proposition ??
Libertarian International's mission is to coordinate various initiatives in the defense of individual liberty throughout the world. Formally, Libertarian International is a non-profit foundation registered in the Netherlands. You can write to us at our snail mail address :
P.O. Box 21, 2910 Essen, Belgium
Our BANK ACCOUNT, where you can send your contributions is with the RABO BANK, A/C Libertarian International, number 17.43.35.350
We accept payments in E-gold.
The E-gold account number of Libertarian International is :102265
If you do not yet have your own E-gold account, find out about it on e-gold.com
Libertarian International has little time or need for bureaucracy and hierarchy. Hubert Jongen of the Netherlands is the president; Palle Steen Jensen in Copenhagen, Christian Michel in Geneva and Henrik Bejke are among the founding members, and you are welcome to get in touch with any of them for further information and contacts.
Libertarian International's principles are based on libertarianism. While libertarians are a diverse group of people with many philosophical starting points, they share a defining belief: that everyone should be free to do as they choose, so long as they don't infringe upon the equal freedom of others.
Human interaction should be voluntary, not coerced. The only time physical force is acceptable is when it is used to defend against force. Many libertarians frame this in terms of the non-aggression principle: no individual or group of individuals shall initiate force against the person or property of any other individual.
This might not seem very radical. After all, your parents probably taught you not to cheat, steal or pick fights -- in other words, not to use force against others. What sets libertarians apart is that they don't make any exceptions to this principle -- not even for governments.
In the libertarian view, governments should be held to the same standards of right and wrong as individuals. As a result, libertarians believe that governments should not interfere with the interactions and exchanges of peaceful people.

@_date: 2001-12-02 06:17:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Dead reporter found in motel 
220 pounds of anthrax spores released from a crop-duster over Washington D.C., on a calm clear night - could kill one million to three million people in the metropolitan area, according to the US Office of Technology Assessment. William Patrick, who served as a UN Inspector in Iraq, believes the scenario could take only 100 pounds of the agent.The main detail now is to make just work on the honkies.

@_date: 2001-12-02 20:32:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: p-p survSOC 
"The Page of Omnidirectional Vision"
Bunch o'links to commercial and research work on omnidirectional vision
systems, including novel cameras and software to stitch the images together.
The FlyCam work at FujiXerox Palo Alto Labs (FXPal) is particularly
interesting, since it is comparatively low cost, done mostly with
off-the-shelf hardware.
Those of you who know about the Aspen Movie Map, a virtual reality tour of
Aspen, Colorado performed in 1979
   will find the
FlyAbout work to be familiar:
The big difference is that now this capability is possible using standard,
stock equipment. Oh, and having GPS around is a big help too.
How do we make the surveillance society
 from these pieces? Miniaturize the
cameras and associated electronics, and have a large number of people wear
one. So far, just like in David Brin's novel "Earth"
Everyone records omnidirectional images of their surroundings, and records
the positions they were in.
Now, combine this with Peer-to-Peer technology. Allow everyone to search
everyone else's image banks, based on geographic information. This require
shifting existing P2P technology from a music-based metadata schema to one
that is geospatially based. The schemas already exist:
Key factors keeping us from the surveillance society:
* the cameras are too heavy, and too expensive
* disk space is still too expensive (for compact, portable memory)
* wireless transmission rates are still too slow
* wireless access is not yet ubiquitous
But, I think you'll agree that none of these are fundamental limitations
(i.e., fixing these does not require breaking physical laws).
When will we start seeing the start of the peer-to-peer surveillance
society? I give it 10 years, maybe less.
- Jim

@_date: 2001-12-02 20:47:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: News we can use 
"May's handlers are panicking."
In spite of alpha baboons best efforts to lead c/punk revolution up racist and capitalist cul de sacs.
Milton Friedman, and David Horowitz for the lying charlatans they are.
Anyone who reads this book should realize the Democrat party is as much
the party of the propertied class as the Republican party. And anyone who
thinks the there is any worthiness to capitalism as an economic system, or
who believes the propertied class is not waging unremitting class war
against eveyone else should consider the words, not of Karl Marx, but of
Abraham Lincoln: "These capitalists act harmoniously and in concert to
fleece the people."
Malthus, Ricardo, Adam Smith--to see they fully
understood what they were creating. They knew capitalism would be a
tremendously productive economic system; but, as they followed the logic
of the economic principles they were developing and articulating, they
also realized it was a system which eventually reduces virtually the
entire population of capitalist societies to starvation while all the
wealth becomes vested in the hands of an ever shrinking elite. As they
themselves predicted, capitalism is an economic system which ultimately
destroys itself and takes everyone with it. It, quite literally, is the
Titanic of economic systems; and its advocates preach it is unsinkable.
Because the version of capitalism practiced in most European nations is
not as pure, not as true to the principles of capitalist ideology as in
the U.S., the inherently destructive consequences of the ideology are not
as pronounced and as profound as in the U.S. The European nations may be
"behind" us, but what is happening here will happen to them; it is
inherent in the logic of capitalist ideology.
Tims opinions of jews are well documented.So long mate,Its been real.

@_date: 2001-12-03 01:15:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Project hammer 
Sorry for that P-P SOC post,It was supposed to come to me,I blame a thunderstorm here and a change of firewall.
The following is something Id like some more information on along with all you've got on an alleged echelon base in Dominica.Its private,runs on geothermal and may have access to pine gap,omega,singSAT,etc TIA.matty.themoonisaS+Mmisstress.Taylor.PS.Hope the change to Mojo goes as well as the euro switch.
US Brigadier General Erle Cocke, a major player in
the world of covert operations and the former Washington "office" of the
Nugan Hand Bank.
Erle Cocke was a banker before a black operative - but he combined both
skills working quietly as a fixer for "every President since Truman." He
was an Alternate Executive Director of the World Bank for four years and a
member of the US delegation to the UN for two years running, with the pay
rank of a US Ambassador. General Cocke was also a Knight of Malta and a
Shriner Mason. He died 10 days after making his deposition.
What he says in his deposition is explosive. He leaves no doubt about the
reality of the secretive world of Collateral Trading Programmes and how they
produce "from thin air" hundreds of billions and trillions of dollars in the
blink of an electronic eye.
* Once created these slush funds are used in a variety of way. Read how.
* Find out why former Nugan Hand Bank boss, General Erle Cocke, fingers
former Citibank Chairman & CEO, John Reed.
* Learn how TRILLIONS of dollars are created in the blink of an electronic
eye for later use in covert operations.
* See how the dirty profits from the drugs n' guns trade are privately
through the banking system -- it isn't like you think it is.
* Discover the South African connection to the Nugan Hand story.
* Read how the Chinese military controlled the South African spook bank that
took over where Nugan Hand Bank left off. Why was a mainland Chinese General
in the Seventh Army region of Xin Xong running this bank?
* What was East Germany's Stasi intelligence connection to this whole
* What about the NEW French Connection? Seven months before the Berlin Wall
came down, did the French central bank issue a US$7 billion Gold Bullion
Certificate to Erich Honecker, East Germany's then Head of State?
* How do Britain's private spook and intelligence network, Executive
Outlines and Sandline, fit in to this picture?
These and many other issues are addressed in the ground-breaking story THE
PROJECT HAMMER FILE, the first of many other revelations to come.
David Guyatt
THE PROJECT HAMMER FILE

@_date: 2001-12-03 05:16:11
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: 400 motels 
Im a writer like your an anarchist.
I did read a funny story in PC authority,this systems consultant gets paid an exorbinate fee to test an array for redundancy.
The one and only test is a classic,first ask sweaty designer/contractor; "you have absolute faith that taking one server out will not bring down the When the answer is ,"yes"
Go out to car and come back with large chainsaw,hold over individual machine and 'hey presto'
Maybe its not totally secure just yet.
True (magazine) story,I think by guy named 'honeyball.'
I got an offwire from 'pugsley',Ill ask him if you can see it if you like.As far as OSD goes,I see the gays are practising strategic melt so Im hoping sea sheperd might fill the breach.The lunar anti-abortion right are getting a head start!

@_date: 2001-12-03 06:18:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: VOTE for DECLAN 
The Milton Friedman Prize for the Advancement of Liberty
The first Milton Friedman Prize will be presented at the Cato Institute's 25th anniversary dinner May 9, 2002. The $500,000 cash award will be presented to one individual whose accomplishments and achievements best advance the cause of liberty. Click here for more information and to nominate someone for the award.
OR arbusto pinochet or roger in NZ,hell vote for ME!

@_date: 2001-12-03 06:40:11
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Cato Institute,a 'Libertarian' organisation. 
Please join us for a wide-ranging discussion of this subject featuring Timothy Lynch, director, Project on Criminal Justice, Cato Institute; Michael Nardotti, Major General, U. S. Army (ret.), former Judge Advocate General; Lee Casey, Baker & Hostetler; and Joseph Robert Barnes, Brigadier General, U.S. Army (ret.), former Assistant Judge Advocate General for Military Law.
What's In a Label?: Right-Wing Think Tanks Often Quoted, ...
... its budget comes from corporate donations. ... 1,323, 1,401. Cato Institute, conservative/libertarian,
1,286, 1 ... RAND Corporation, center-right, 865, 826. Council ...
 - 10k - Cached - Similar pages
The Think Tank Spectrum
... Backed by corporate funding, including donations ... Cato Institute, 1163. RAND Corporation, center-right, 795. Urban Institute, ...
 - 8k - Cached - Similar pages
[ More results from  ]
The Swarm Of The Right: Myth Of The Liberal Media
... think tanks - Brookings, Cato, Heritage and AEI, all conservative or centrist -
were ... tanks - especially right and center ... are largely corporate-funded, and ...
 - 13k - Cached - Similar pages
IPA Articles - Cato Institute
... Libertarian" in a Corporate Way. ... book "No Mercy: How Conservative Think Tanks and ... over
the years. Cato's main philanthropic backing ... come from the right-wing Koch ...
Description: Article explores the Cato Institute's funding and advocacy, which include large tobacco industry funding...
Category: Health > Addictions > Substance Abuse > Tobacco > Industry >  - 11k - Cached - Similar pages
Left, Right & Babyboom: America's New Politics
... authors in Left, Right & Babyboom: America's ... H. Crane President, Cato Institute;
Marvin ... Liberal and Conservative; William Schneider ... of the Corporate State; Vin ...
 - 8k - Cached - Similar pages
Activism, Co-op America: green, responsible, sustainable, just ...
... foundation and the Cato Institute have not ... corporate giving extend? Corporate officials
with a strong conservative ethic support the far right through their ...
 - 18k - Cached - Similar pages
Chart B: The Funders of the Attack on Environmental ...
... the leaders in corporate-funded grassroots political ... Enterprise Institute, Cato Institute,
Claremont ... the "New Right" and has ... of the conservative movement for ...
 - 14k - Cached - Similar pages
Wealthy think tanks CAQ
... target network; and Corporate Relations to business and ... immigration policy; the Cato
Forum on the ... with the right-wing Family ... of the conservative revolution" at ...
 - 13k - Cached - Similar pages
TAP: Vol 9, Iss. 40. Lessons of Right-Wing Philanthropy. ...
... identified less often. Corporate funders were rarely ... ideologically explicit Heritage,
Cato, and American ... politics of right-wing think ... Conservative think tanks ...
 - 48k - Cached - Similar pages

@_date: 2001-12-03 07:05:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: HAZMAT Licence's for sale 
Tony Soprano's international waste recycling arm has authorized me to offer you several toxic waste disposal licences for a brief time only.Specializing in glowing radioactive waste is the safest level since emile had that accident with the liquid acid.Dont forget you can sub-contract,just keep a few gold dump trucks handy.Leave encrypted bids at NJ IMC or deli me.
Theres a piece on ideological toxic waste disposal at

@_date: 2001-12-03 07:21:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Guardian Unlimited Observer | International | FBI agents 
Thanks james,this is exciting news,makes it easier to smoke out the evil doers and get them on the run.
(persons impersonating govt servants)
"The Internet is a virtual place where copies of everything proliferate. There are no Internet authorities as such, with the exception of those whose task is to make the net function. It doesn't have an owner, and won't unless a super-power emerges to control it," he told the Weekly. Cyberspace, he argued, belongs to all those who participate in it. "We cannot let it be a playground where only cats are allowed in and mice are banished."'('Naguib.egypt poet/rebel )
Or...R.A.T.S... radical assembly of tactical sentencing.An operation soft drill international co-production now collecting for the ashcroft to arlington airfare defrayal fund,please pledge generously,thanks.(my proffr 1$)More to Follow.Mmmmmmmm.

@_date: 2001-12-03 08:06:46
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: libertarian vs. socialist (Im a libertarian socialist!) 
"Anarcho capitalism corresponds to what any normal person
would call anarchy"
Who said I was normal? Normal for norte america Yes,maybe.(just say 'so')
I dont remember seeing any,Its usually anarchism or libertarian socialism or anarcho-syndicalism Isnt it?
When they go into detail, for
example par-econ, they describe in pleasant sounding words a
system more centralized and authoritarian in form and theory
than Stalin's was in form and theory, and often more
centralized and authoritarian even in theory than Maoism was
in actual practice.
I dont recall.Could you cite anarchist stalins and mao's,please?
"before 1936 there were various unclear,
confused, self contradictory, but undeniably sincere
proposals as to how to implement anarcho socialism"
Such as Italian factory occupations?Malatesta who predicted ww2 as ww1 started was confused? What you say may be true but does it apply to Unclear,confused, self contradictory, but undeniably insincere seems to apply to someone.
disaster struck. They actually had a go at it, with entirely
predictable results.  The contradiction between socialism and
anarchism was demonstrated with the usual rivers of blood.
Some became disillusioned.  Some reinterpreted their now
inconvenient past positions as standard socialism. "
Disaster struck for many reasons and it was not all as grim as the stories you put on the web.You could cite many more sources on your site that you wont thus letting people get away with questioning your honesty and motives.I simply agree with those that call you a liar on Spain(you also have useful stuff elsewhere, so not being a dead loss)
The anarcho-capitalism you and tim seem so fond of would not survive long without all the instruments of state repression backing it up.How long would NIKE last in an anarchist world? McDonalds? Monsanto?
Thanks for responding,see you at the 'punks.         matthew  proffr  taylor.
Ive just unpacked my PGP but have yet to read the user manual.The intro by phill is cool.Dig sig pending.

@_date: 2001-12-03 15:22:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: in praise of gold,  
"...nothing more than a cop-out. So it seems to me, at any rate. ~Faustine. "
Like you last week (agent ?) faustine (cop-in?) Silence speaks volumes in this house.

@_date: 2001-12-03 19:28:26
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Russian Party of Pensioners Manifesto 
Thanks for that,Im going to publish it on Indymedia soon,real soon.
If you are into cryptoanarchy with the emphasis on the anarchy,you may enjoy this...
Elliott Abrams, who had pleaded guilty in 1981 to lying to Congress over the conduct of the war, was installed by the president to head his "office for democracy and human rights". See Tom Lehrer again. His criminal offence was described by White House spokesman Ari Fleischer as "a matter of the We used to say, NO to Western Imperialism and NO to Soviet Imperialism both. Self determination for ALL PEOPLES!
One Empire has fallen. One still has to fall. But we should not mourn the passing of the Soviet prison of nations.
The Minister of Education and the Minister of the Interior were assassinated. Students and young workers, determined to destroy the existing order, turned to the writings of Bakunin and Kropotkin for inspiration and with dynamite and pistol hurled themselves against the State.
Working people, many of them recently arrived from the countryside to find employment in the vast new factories, elected representatives from their own class whom they could trust and whom they could remove at once if unsatisfactory. Strikes paralysed production, oppressed national groups on the borderlands rebelled, peasants burned and looted, and insurrection broke out
The revolt, although short-lived, inspired the young anarchist movement. In spite of increased repression, its 'Battle Detachments' raided gunshops and armouries in search of the Browning pistols they cherished. Officials, police and bosses were murdered and countless 'expropriations' of banks and houses of the wealthy took place. Gun battles with police ended in death, jail or torture.
This revolution, as a participant observed, was 'a purely spontaneous phenomenon, not at all the fruit of party agitation.' People were 'fired by a sense of unlimited freedom, a liberation from the restraints of their 'Down with Authority and Capitalism' on black banners.
Anarchists seized the mansions of the rich. One became 'The House of Rest', with rooms for reading, discussion and recreation and a children's playground in the garden.
world-wide revolution based on free federations of urban and rural communes.
In 1908 Nestor Makhno had been given a life sentence for the assassination of a police chief. Freed in 1917, he was elected head of the Soviet of Peasants and Workers in Gulyai-Polye. With an armed band marching behind a huge black banner on which was proclaimed 'Liberty or Death- The Land to the Peasants, the Factories to the Workers', Makhno began re-distributing the estates to the peasants. In 1918, when Austrian and White armies invaded the Ukraine, Makhno's partisans fought back: 'We will conquer not so that we may follow the example of past years and hand over our fate to some new master, but to take it in our own hands and conduct our lives according to our own will and our own conception of truth'.
By the following spring the invaders were driven out and Gulyai-Polye was free from external control. Organising regional conferences of peasants, workers and insurgents, Makhno began to establish anarchist communes based on equality and mutual aid.
At first the Bolsheviks hailed him as a 'courageous partisan' and 'great revolutionary', but subsequently attacked him as an 'anarcho-bandit'. Two Cheka agents were sent to assassinate Makhno, but the agents were caught and themselves shot. When Makhno invited Red soldiers to the Congress, a furious Trotsky declared him an outlaw, banned the Congress and sent troops to break up the anarchist communes.
At this moment the Whites invaded again, driving on Moscow. Bolsheviks and anarchists were sent reeling, yet Makhno's army counter-attacked successfully. Trotsky used the time he had been given to re-organise the Red Army. By Christmas the Whites were expelled. Makhno's anarchists promptly entered Ekaterinoslav, threw open the jails and told the people that they were now free to organise their own lives. Freedom of speech, press and assembly was declared for all except authoritarian parties, which were dissolved. Bolsheviks were advised to 'take up some honest trade'.
Again Trotsky outlawed Makhno and serious fighting raged for eight months until Whites invaded yet again. Trotsky appealed for Makhno's help, promising in return the release of all imprisoned anarchists and complete freedom of expression, short of urging the overthrow of the Bolshevik government. The Whites were finally defeated.
With victory secure, Trotsky shot all the Makhnovist military commanders, attacked Makhno's HQ and wiped out the staff. The Cheka arrested members of the Nabat in Kharkov; throughout Russia, anarchist clubs, groups and newspaper offices were raided and closed down. Although badly wounded, Makhno, together with the remnants of his insurgent army, evaded the Bolsheviks for a year. Escaping eventually to Paris, he died in 1934 of alcohol and TB.
Surviving anarchists launched a campaign of terror against the Bolsheviks. In September 1921, they blew up the Communist Party Moscow, leaving 67 dead or wounded.
The anarchists were an immense influence on the popular revolution because their aims coincided with the people's desire to sweep away state and capital. For a brief moment it did seem possible that a social revolution would destroy all authority and create a decentralised society of voluntarily cooperating free individuals. But the anarchists' warning that power corrupts all who wield it - that authority stifles the revolutionary spirit and robs people of freedom - was ignored.

@_date: 2001-12-03 22:17:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Micropayments and accurate polling 
Return of Micropayments
By Michael Hurwicz
Early attempts at micropayments have failed. Is it an innovative idea that needs more work, or a doomed concept?
Programming with Perl
Want accurate polls? Randal L. Schwartz provides a solution built around the fact that form validation using images is too clever for most robots.
from

@_date: 2001-12-04 00:04:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Declan murdered george harrison 
IPA Articles - Cato Institute
... Libertarian" in a Corporate Way. ... book "No Mercy: How Conservative Think Tanks and ... over
the years. Cato's main philanthropic backing ... come from the right-wing Koch ...
Description: Article explores the Cato Institute's funding and advocacy, which include large tobacco industry funding...
Category: Health > Addictions > Substance Abuse > Tobacco > Industry >  - 11k - Cached - Similar pages

@_date: 2001-12-04 10:29:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Russian Party of Pensioners Manifesto,  
For reprint of pensioners story.AND...
Anarchist Pamphlet (28 pages) (english)
by Blake 12:23pm Mon Dec 3 '01
Blake at riseup.net
This is a critique of the global economy from an anarchist perspective. It is meant for outreach to non-anarchists.
Download attached file: anarchistpamphlet.pdf (mimetype: application/pdf )
This is a pamphlet critiquing the global economy from an anarchist perspective. It is meant for outreach to non-anarchists. It is written in non-technical language and has nice pictures.
It is cryptoANARCHY isnt it? Not cryptolibertarianism.For anarchist and social democratic critiques of libertarians,SEE...
Esp...      I havent seen the 'blake' one yet,But I am an anarchist getting into crypto and insulted by the abuse and disrespecting of anarchism here where its needed the

@_date: 2001-12-04 10:50:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Reputation of a Reputation,  
"...Someone once remarked that the most unimaginitive, laziest Harvard graduate students at the bottom of their class tend to end up at the IMF and UN. Sort of sinkholes of mediocrity. Oh well! ~Faustine."
Luckily we now have 'open source' AP to take out the ones that get to be president.Did you see my 2 previous post F?
1) Faustine wrote...
."..good old boring long-faced church-every-Sunday solid-citizen Robert P.
Hanssen. If his FBI colleagues had been asked to rate him by your above
criteria, he probably would have been in the high 200s all across the
board. And maybe deservedly so. But since those factors weren't in any way,
shape, or form relevant to the fact that he was also the kind of person who
could sell out his country for the sheer pleasure of the game of it, he got
away with murder for years until he got careless and his shitty tradecraft
finally caught up with him."
His tradecraft was rather good I thought,especially in not trusting his
handlers with direct contact.Possibly he was done in by sex addiction
common to many repressed septic tanks(yanks) W.Reichs,mass psychology of
facism describes syndrome.Also wanted on some level to get caught,much like
Ted special K.(and USAma bin laden?)
Did he really get away with murder? Feh.Aldrich ames did and his rep
survived polygraphs so reputations are bollocks unless panocoptincons and
regular stings/tests are done.Hanssen didnt tell the russkies anything they
couldnt have worked out them selves.
No response? Trawling for bigger game? pot bellied,aging brilliant thorns in the side of your country? Then...'In praise of gold:
"...nothing more than a cop-out. So it seems to me, at any rate. ~Faustine. "
Like you last week (agent ?) faustine (cop-in?) Silence speaks volumes in
this house.
Im calling you out as a patriotic,slightly dim little bitch at the very

@_date: 2001-12-04 11:05:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Further thoughts on Reputation Capital systems and 
Response to...This is often known as "collaborative filtering", and pops up in
systems like NoCeM and GroupLens.  What's cool is that you don't need
transitive trust or even poster reputations (anonymity without so much
vandalism!).  Just give the right reviewers the reputation "good/bad
judgment about which articles are worth reading"--and you can find
them by reviewing some articles yourself and measuring similarity of
answers.  Etc,etc.
The last 2 aussi elections have featured something called 'the worm'.Its a dial that the studio audience control at the main debates.Individually control and all results show as a wavey line(the worm) on TV for the masses.A very strong plunge in the worm when talk turned to the new VAT tax,the GST. Some biometric feedback on the political reputation of The fact barely 50% bother voting in the US and UK being another.Rating articles is possible at sydney IMC.Often abused IMO.

@_date: 2001-12-04 11:37:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Emergency! 
Emergence - the tendency of systems to evolve and self-organise - is the driving theme of an international digital-art conference in Melbourne this Second Iteration, at Monash University, will explore the role of artificial intelligence, Darwin's theory of evolution and complex systems in modern art and music.
In an ongoing cypherpunks emergency,so called libertarians have been exposed as right wing,conservative and corporate shills that hijacked this list in a low pathetic attempt to divert and dam the exploding cryptoanarchist revolution.
Such 'names' as declan,tim  and ,jamesd stand exposed.They are wreckers of the revolution.Damn them to hell.

@_date: 2001-12-04 12:47:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Viridian Note 00283: Geeks and Spooks  
."... I am suggesting secure, accountable devices with digital signatures built in. They're cryptographically time-stamped, their voice signals and photographs are cryptographically overwritten, proving their source. They are tamperproofed, and very sternly verifiable, and usable as proven evidence in courts of law. They're not civilian toys, they are genuine weapons of information warfare, in much the same way that an unarmed Predator surveillance aircraft is a weapon. They are people's media weapons. Their proper use requires some training and discretion; it's like a citizen's audiovisual arrest. This is the civilian militia Minuteman version of surveillance. The omnipresense of this kind of civilian- owned and civilian-deployed surveillance would not make anyone's society kinder and happier. But it certainly would make that society a very dangerous place for urban guerrillas. And it would not centralize the great power of surveillance in the unstable hands of unelected functionaries...."
Why stop there? With a personally crypto encoded metalstorm E-Gun you could be a 'judge dread',citizen unit of the Anarchist Federation.

@_date: 2001-12-04 17:57:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: in praise of gold,  
"It doesn't take a judgment by society at large to realize that some
people really are better off alone instead of inflicting their destructive
fucked-up personality on others (psychotics, alcoholics, etc)."
What about silly little girls inflicting their e-gold (!) opinions.
"if more people refused to cave in to societal pressures and thought about
what they really wanted to do with their lives (instead of blindly falling into
the "spouse, family, 9 to 5 job" trap out of conformism and a fear of the
unknown) it would be a great thing."
Whoopdy doo! Fergedabout ask abbie! Ask Faustine!...only dont ask if she/he/its an agent.
Previously posted,she may be what she claims,after aimee,though...
"...Someone once remarked that the most unimaginitive, laziest Harvard
graduate students at the bottom of their class tend to end up at the IMF
and UN. Sort of sinkholes of mediocrity. Oh well! ~Faustine."
Luckily we now have 'open source' AP to take out the ones that get to be
president.Did you see my 2 previous post F?
1) Faustine wrote...
."..good old boring long-faced church-every-Sunday solid-citizen Robert P.
Hanssen. If his FBI colleagues had been asked to rate him by your above
criteria, he probably would have been in the high 200s all across the
board. And maybe deservedly so. But since those factors weren't in any way,
shape, or form relevant to the fact that he was also the kind of person who
could sell out his country for the sheer pleasure of the game of it, he got
away with murder for years until he got careless and his shitty tradecraft
finally caught up with him."
His tradecraft was rather good I thought,especially in not trusting his
handlers with direct contact.Possibly he was done in by sex addiction
common to many repressed septic tanks(yanks) W.Reichs,mass psychology of
facism describes syndrome.Also wanted on some level to get caught,much like
Ted special K.(and USAma bin laden?)
Did he really get away with murder? Feh.Aldrich ames did and his rep
survived polygraphs so reputations are bollocks unless panocoptincons and
regular stings/tests are done.Hanssen didnt tell the russkies anything they
couldnt have worked out them selves.
No response? Trawling for bigger game? pot bellied,aging brilliant thorns
in the side of your country? Then...'In praise of gold:
"...nothing more than a cop-out. So it seems to me, at any rate. ~Faustine. "
Like you last week (agent ?) faustine (cop-in?) Silence speaks volumes in
this house.
Im calling you out as a patriotic,extremely dim little bitch at the very
END reprints 'smart as whip 'F missed in the wash.
(changed slightly dim to the above)Do you take messages for agent farr,agent faustine,Ive got a tip for her.

@_date: 2001-12-04 18:20:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: 'software error' 37,000 to cato.a "libertarian" institute., 
"Ok, someone PLEASE enlighten me... WHAT on Earth is the problem here? They
paid TOO MUCH in taxes, so they have to pay a fine???
The problem for me is the false advertising on this list RE:Libertarianism.
Its the cypherPUNKS list NOT the cyphershills list.

@_date: 2001-12-05 07:58:58
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Russian Party of Pensioners Manifesto,  
"Non libertarian anarchy?"
Libertarian socialism,anarchy.anarcho-sydicalism,green anarchy,eko Anarki yes.(Libertarian anarchy?: Redundant.)
"The trouble is that a lot of socialists call themselves
anarchists either as a simple cynical lie:
(parody of standard commie liar)
: : "This time the state really will wither away.
: : Trust us. We are different. Once we have total
: : power over you and yours you will love it."
Yes,so? They are quite easy to expose and I pursue chomsky,Klein and others to pin them down.I oppose the state above all.The biggest most dangerous(amerdika) first.All anarchists should do the same IMHO.
: "I am really opposed to concentrated authority,
: : therefore when I and people like me have all the
: : necessary power to do all the good we intend to
: : do to those selfish ignorant ungrateful masses,
: : it will be the opposite of concentrated
: : authority."
I AM really opposed to concentrated authority! Thats why Im an anarchist and NOT a 'libertarian' I dont seek 'necessary power' for anything except operation soft drill.I have great faith in the spontaneous altruistic enlightened grateful masses to overthrow the last empire.You sound a little bitter and twisted on this subject james,are you OK?

@_date: 2001-12-05 08:41:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Comrades. 
Comrades who may have any experience with this or constructive suggestions,
thoughts or advise, please feel free to contact us direct or respond on
this list and we will forward.
Thanks and solidarity,
NY-NJ Workers Solidarity Alliance
wsany at hotmail.com
Dear Surveillance Camera Players: My name is Fred B., I am the
President of a Local Union of the American Flint Glass Workers
Union We are in the formidable stages of  a grievance process which is
likely to end at an arbitration hearing, concerning our company installing
Surveillance Equipment.
Is there anything you could do or recommend for us that would
be a show of not only Disgust but also Defiance?
Yours' In Solidarity
Im not smart so Ill handball it to youse.mattd.Help please,thank you.

@_date: 2001-12-05 11:25:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Say goodbye to joshua 
Agent gordon,how olds your boy now? He will be a teenager one day and may call out his old man ala arbusto and herb.
It might be for something petty but it might also be because his dad locked up a guy for 10 years instead of getting an AVO (restraining order) on him.
He may also be a perfect son.(Like charles texas tower.)Id like to write to him with your permission.I have something to show him about you.

@_date: 2001-12-05 12:13:16
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Home page redirection 
> Yep, they even have their own customised version..
 >
 >

@_date: 2001-12-06 04:50:39
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Russian Party of Pensioners Manifesto,  
"Without property rights in the means of production to separate one man's plan from another man's plan, there can only be one plan, one plan for everything, one plan for everyone, one plan that all must obey."
Libertarianism? Its the one plan here that all must obey.The ubergeeks one true religon.Yet you seek to rip off the hard earned kudos of 'anarchy' and 'punk'.You stand exposed as the fraud you are james by your own straw man Will you denounce the march for capitalism for its rank socialist organising and marching?

@_date: 2001-12-06 04:58:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm,  
One of the improvised weapons of choice these days is LPG bombs and
mortars.Im not an urbane guerrilla(yet) but does anyone want to condense
something out of this?
PDF] Code of Practice on the Use of LPG for the Production of ...
File Format: PDF/Adobe Acrobat - View as HTML
... 4.3.4 All LPG mortars shall be clearly marked ... known as black powder
bombs. Liquefied
petroleum gas ( ) , as ... to in paragraph (a). LPG ( ) , an abbreviation
for ...
 - Similar pages
[PDF] Code of Practice on the Use, Storage and Conveyance of ...
File Format: PDF/Adobe Acrobat - View as HTML
... the Code of Practice on the Use of LPG for the Production of Special
Effects (CP2 ... shall
not be used for concussion mortars or flash pots. 2.7.6 Binary ...
 - Similar pages
[ More results from  ]
Rediff on the Net: India Online News Information ...
... and not country-made bombs -- were used. ... More. ... rocket launchers
and heavy mortars

@_date: 2001-12-06 08:02:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fwd: Russian Manifesto, long and probably useless  
tim Quoted...
  "How we burned in the prison camps later thinking: What would things have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?" --Alexander Solzhenitzyn, Gulag Archipelago
AS: excellent writer also christian,social conservative.
Bakunin was deported to Siberia. He spent many years amid the horrors of penal servitude, but his spirit was unvanquished. He finally succeeded in escaping and walking eastward over a thousand miles, under extreme hardship, and at last reached the sea and obtained passage to Japan. From there he sailed to California, thence to New York, and in 1860 appeared in London. He had suffered innumerable hardships and adventures, had mixed with all sorts and conditions of men, from the rulers of Europe to the wild hairy Ainus, and had everywhere found that government was tyranny.
If you'd like some quotes from an anarchist tim,Ill see what I can do. matts wild hairy anus.

@_date: 2001-12-06 13:03:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: IP: FBI Reorganization Posted  
The death lists
by proffr1 at nospamfuckmicrosoft.com 5:47am Thu Dec 6 '01
Honeywell helped the phoenix program in 'nam and PROMIS stolen software helped round em up in guatamala and the old south africa.This mob just got 80 million to be the next. here in Australia.
But first, a little background information about CSC. We are a full-scope, global IT services company. We pride ourselves on providing real solutions to customers' business problems. These solutions range from management consulting, systems development, systems integration to outsourcing. Our solutions are based on experience, innovation and total capability.
Being part of the global CSC offers our customers here access to some of the world's best people, processes, intellectual property and technology. We leverage the very best ideas and approaches from our worldwide industry verticals (such as Financial Services and Healthcare). We access those market-leading services from our global operations (like Outsourcing) to complement the regional and local relationships developed with our customers.
The DoD's Computer Investigations Training Program offered its first class, Introduction to Computer Search and Seizure, in September 1998. More...at...    and  of corse.

@_date: 2001-12-06 13:58:26
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: will the real capitalism please stand up 
Tim may or a pretender wrote "The solution is obvious: capitalism. The
real one, not the fascist version."
Objectivism the real thing? How do you separate  fascism  from capitalism?

@_date: 2001-12-06 20:03:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Real capitalism falling down drunk 
Coercion is implicit in all capitalism above low level market and trade.Makes AP essential to introduce digital cash?

@_date: 2001-12-07 05:35:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Real capitalism falling down drunk 
Dave Honig wrote...Joe the nailmaker invests in a machine to make nails faster
than he can by hand. Who has he coerced?
Who cares? its low level market and
 >trade
The implicit coercion is the protection racket of the state lurking in the background and attempting to monopolies money.
Best fought with anarchism.Now jamesd;
"Coercion is implicit in all capitalism above low level
 > market and trade.
If you do not like one guy's prices or wages, you can go to
another, or start your own business"
  Again:Who cares? its low level market and
 >trade
"Without property rights, the specialization of labor has to
take place by something very like a state telling people what
they must do, and what they may consume. Thus to suppress
capitalism requires centralized terror, and lots of it.
Nothing less will suffice. Been tried."
Without property rights enforced by coercion by even the most minimal state using stone axes and spears.
Again best fought by anarchism.
Property rights may ebb and flow in a free society not a capitalist force propped society.How else are we to digitize the ' mass hallucination of money without anarchism? Something never really been given a fair go.Centrally directed terror is an obvious feature of modern capitalism.Do you suggest its about to wither away?
"And indeed that terror is a large part of the attraction of
socialism. Observe the popularity among socialists of books
by those who have murdered helpless captives. Many
socialists even name their ideology after mass murderers, for
example Trotskyists. One can hardly imagine some faction of
neo-nazis naming themselves after one of Hitler's more
prominent goons."
No one enjoys bashing authoritarian 'socialists' more than I,james,but its getting off topic.Crypto anarchy.
Not cryptocapitalism.Remember? Famous anarchist Bakunin predicted the murderous folly that bourgeois marxism would lead to.
Marx was an capitalist along with engels all his life.Show me some anarchist mass murderers.There must be one,somewhere on your site.Its pure straw man to try and mix anarchy with marxist-leninism.
"Similarly, when socialists celebrate great moments in
socialist history, it is not the heroic battles they recall,
but the murder of the helpless and powerless -- for example
they recall not the last days of the Paris commune, but the
first. "
James is flirting with hate speech here,I dont know what socialist soirees james attends,possibly national socialist.
Libertarian socialists celebrate much about the commune and mourn much.Way off topic now,like its a manichean thing with you james? You are either for capitalism or your a cold war era commie?Thats your consistent response.Its "Similarly observe how the Soviet Union, Mao's china, and the
rest ceased to be loved when the terror ceased. When the
terror in the Soviet Union was in full flow, it was described
a glorious paradise where the concept of a policeman was
strange and unknown. When the terror eased, then they
started to describe it as regrettably wicked, but nonetheless
a much lesser evil than the USA. "
You've  really lost me now james,Is that the secret? Baffle them with bushit? Is it fun in your bubble boy world?

@_date: 2001-12-07 06:01:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Jamesd-david Honig:Good cop,bad cop 
especially A little hirstory for ya'all. Ya'all come back now,y'ear.

@_date: 2001-12-08 06:17:35
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re: Real capitalism falling down drunk 
"Money in the US was largely privately issued until 1915.
Capitalism long predates government monopolies of money.
The word dollar comes from thaler, which a government stamped
ounce of silver -- but stamped by a minor government very far
away, one of many such stamping authorities."
Very interesting,relevant, not much,but fascinating.Can we talk of e-money replacing the present shared hallucination now?
"The state is the enemy of property, not the source. Property
rights in the means of production not only continued to exist
without state support, where the state was absent, they
invariably continued to exist in the face of massive bloody
state violence aimed at crushing those rights. Always, those
seeking to crush those rights had to escalate far beyond what
they expected, then escalate the violence even further."
Whatever the state is,its the enemy,right james?The biggest state at present is the US.There seems to some bad socialism creeping into the way airlines and others are being handled.The point I keep trying to make is the state is the guarantor  of  exploitive,authoritarian capitalism and anarchy esp crypto anarchy is the best way to fight that.Anarchy not libertarian party Kool-aid.Can we talk about this more at the airport bar? Aussi beer is the best.mattd.

@_date: 2001-12-08 06:34:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The nelson mandela of the crypto-anarchy revolution 
The crypto-anarchy revolution is a cause that I wish to bring about and live for...its also a cause I am willing to die for.
"We're strong as can be/A dream of power and energy/We go for the goal/Together we hold/On to our vision of global strategy..."

@_date: 2001-12-08 06:51:45
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: U.S. Department of Interior Ordered Offline 
To stop hackers,yeah right. Nowt to do with wackenhut,casolero,octopus and the dominican echelon.
"To see father sky without planes for one day,(9-11) That was a beautiful thing,for an old man,"said one tribal elder.

@_date: 2001-12-08 06:54:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Age of Paine Revisited,  
How about revisiting the age of Douglas."power concedes nothing without the We demand digital cash and will defend it with assasination politics.

@_date: 2001-12-08 07:05:56
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CJ sent you a Yahoo! Greeting,  
Seen at  ...Tora Tora Tora! (english)
by AP International 8:15am Fri Dec 7 '01
The day that japan pluckily fought back against vicious US colonialist hegemony was marked by an urgent highly classified warning to all americans in or travelling to the Pacific reigon.
A top secret urgent warning flash went out to all US embassies in the greater pacific this morning.
Laska jihad and moro rebels have agents disguised and well infiltrated as 'sleepers'in all the major hotels frequented by american tourists.On a as yet undetermined signal they will attack and kill as many americans as they The advisories are being unencrypted and prepared for public release as soon as a way to do so without unnecersarily alarming them is found.
US business interests are getting advance warning and have been asked to obtain as much information for the updated echelon op-centre as they can.
The fact US govt contracts will be awarded on the basis of cooperation with the outer homeland defence shield is said by a spokesman for the state dept to be,"not strictly correct".
Much of the assets of US govt interests are being withdrawn from the most dangerous countries and being replaced with 'drone' hardware and freshly written classified software.Millions,even billions is being spent to support US business interests in this new battle and the president has assured his contributors that "there will be no more Enrons,not while Im The vice president concurred from his bunker,adding that he's looking forward to receiving the heart of a transgenetic pig "soon,real soon"
clark cristoff for AP.

@_date: 2001-12-08 07:17:43
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: aussi view of Guy Fawkes day,  
This was a big deal when I was a little rascal.We lived in the bush and the bonfires were enormous.
It got turned into bunger night with massive sales of fireworks.The 2penny bunger was a miniature stick of dynamite.
With the inevitable mayhem and the rise of the nanny staters and safety nazis its all gone now yet some still praise
Guy Fawkes as 'the only person to enter parliment with honest intentions.'

@_date: 2001-12-08 14:55:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Honig falling down drunk? 
"...If you don't see the implications for future history..."
NO FUTURE NO FUTURE
NO FUTURE FOR YOU
NO FUTURE NO FUTURE
NO FUTURE NO FUTURE FOR ME
NO FUTURE NO FUTURE
NO FUTURE FOR YOU
NO FUTURE NO FUTURE FOR YOU

@_date: 2001-12-08 15:03:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Why May 
And now, the end is near And so I face the final curtain You KKKunt, I4m not a queer I4ll state my case, of which I4m certain I4ve lived a life that4s full And each and every highway And yet, much more than this I did it my way And yes, I4ve had a few But then again, too few to mention But dig, what I have to focked I4ll see it through with no devotion Of that, take care and just Be careful along the highway And more, much more than this I did it my way There were times, I4m sure you knew When there was nothing fucking else to do But through it all, when there was doubt I shot it up or kicked it out I fought the just as before And did it my way Knocked out in bed last night I4ve had my fill, my share of looting And now, the tears subside I find it all so amusing To think, I killed a cat And may I say, oh no, not in a shy way. But no, no, not me I did it my way For what is a rat, what has he got When he finds out that he cannot Say the things he truly thinks But only the words, not what he feels The record shows, I4ve got no clothes And did it my way.

@_date: 2001-12-08 15:31:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Delinquent officer list 
Agent jeff gordon is requested to supply the following...Tax Reporting Account number Legal Entity name (individual, partnership or a corporation) Original amount of the debt (the current amount due is not disclosable) Date of lien filing Court where the tax lien was filed Date the business license was revoked (if applicable)In relation to abuse of office in bell trial.

@_date: 2001-12-08 22:56:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: US seeks to force feed pilot it tricked, detained  
Seif should run for office,Its 20 years since MP bobby sands.Sheriff  arpaio needs operating on with a soft drill.(my 2c)
"All advice is bad,good advice,fatal" Wilde.

@_date: 2001-12-08 23:09:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Are you now or have you ever been a crypto-anarchist? 
Anarchist groups among 39 designated by Department of State as "terrorists" Three anarchists groups are among the Department of State's recent list of "terrorists": Revolutionary Proletarian Nucleus (Italy), and Anarchist Faction for Overthrow, and the Mavro Asteri (Black Star) (Greece)
7 anarchists jailed in US puppet police state of Turkey.
Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad of Malaysia said that the United States has been learning from his country how to combat terrorism and that the West, which once accused him of trampling on human rights, now is following "It's no good taking action after the crime," Mr. Mahathir said. "We have to act in anticipation, and not in the usual manner, because having to find proof of a crime which has not yet been committed is difficult."

@_date: 2001-12-08 23:12:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: More on 
6 anarchists who are "claimed to be" from U~ak Anarchist Autonom have been arrested and will be judged in State Security Court-SSC (Devlet G|venlik Mahkemesi-DGM). SSC's are special courts which were established for revolutionary leftists and Kurdish militants; this is the first event in Turkish anarchist history that a group of "anarchists" are being sent to SSC. They are claimed to be members of an illegal organization and the reason of the arrests is JUST an anarchist leaflet they've distributed in a demonstration of trade-unions in 1st of December. For now they are in U~ak Prison but perhaps will be moved to Nazilli Prison and wait for their trial in Izmir SSC. The news appeared in one of the biggest papers of Turkish mainstream media (H|rriyet) but in Europe press. (So we could not justify the info for a few days) More detailed info will be sent as soon as we get..

@_date: 2001-12-08 23:49:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Wank for capitalism 
SchNEWS just couldn't make it up, last Sunday was the first annual walk for
capitalism. Three dozen capitalists, (or two as the police saw it), walked
through Westlake Park in Seattle waving signs such as "Help a starving
child in Africa. Give him capitalism." "Make Money Not Class War." and
"Capitalism is more important than democracy." - OK, these were held by
anti-capitalist protestors, who infiltrated the march.
Tym Parsons, the Seattle coordinator of WalkForCapitalism complained "We
knew they had something in the works. Their aim was to infiltrate our
organization and discredit it by way of parody."
Er, SchNEWS reckons you did a good enough job of that yourself, with one
passer by commenting "I find it all very amusing. I don't think I've ever
seen a protest for capitalism before. Don't these people already have what
they're fighting for?"
The question is why did they choose to celebrate D2 (they've even nicked
the names) with something as inefficient, ecologically sustainable and
downright un-capitalistic as walking?
SchNEWS reckons they would have also got more people onboard if someone had
promised to bung each person who turned up  and a packed lunch (well
that's the only reason us rent-a-mob lot ever bother turning up to
Have a laugh, look at their website:

@_date: 2001-12-08 23:53:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: "Im for capitalism! How much does it cost?" 
Local News : Monday, December 03, 2001 Protesters' spoof? What a capital
idea! By Caitlin Cleary Seattle Times staff reporter In yesterday's
WalkForCapitalism, it was left to the true believers and pro-capitalist
watchdogs to weed out the real capitalists from the fake, dressed as they
were to the nearest thrift-store approximation of capitalist chic: suit
jackets, ties, argyle sweater vests, their hair evenly parted and smoothed,
holding signs that read "Capitalism is Better than Democracy." It was
Capitalism Day, or D2  the first Sunday of December, set aside by a global
pro-capitalist campaign to celebrate and promote capitalism, globalism,
technology, free trade, individual rights and private property  and lo and
behold, the anti-capitalist, anti-globalization, anti-WTO protesters were
crashing their party. Seattle was one of 100 cities around the world that
hosted WalkForCapitalism. Its participants spoke admiringly of capitalists
such as Bill Gates and Thomas Edison, and held signs that read, "Make Money
Not Class War." Tom Szalay of Everett, a retired firefighter, said the
protesters might want to think about getting jobs and joining capitalism.
The crowd of about 100 people seemed evenly split between the earnest
capitalists and the World Trade Organization protesters in capitalist drag.
"We knew they had something in the works," said Tym Parsons, the Seattle
coordinator of WalkForCapitalism. "Their aim was to infiltrate our
organization and discredit it by way of parody." The downtown event was
like performance art: Faux capitalists, dressed in suits, carried signs
that read, "Child Labor Is Best For America: Smaller Hands Mean Tighter
Stitches" and distributed fake business cards from "Globex Industries" with
the company motto, "We Own You." They remained poker-faced as they spoke
about their support of child labor and love of capitalism. Relentlessly
serious throughout the march, they never got out of character. If the
anti-capitalist interlopers did not completely overshadow the original
intent of WalkForCapitalism, their parody did make the event more of a
spectacle. Anti-capitalist protester Scott Thompson was explaining the
goings-on to passer-by Kerry Pflugh of Washington, N.J., in town for a
conference. "I find it all very amusing," said Pflugh. "I don't think I've
ever seen a protest for capitalism before. Don't these people already have
what they're fighting for?" Because the WalkForCapitalism organizers did
not get a parade permit, police escorted both groups together from Benaroya
Hall to Westlake Park, while Parsons shouted at the WTO protesters to
leave. Parsons' group had obtained a permit for the rally at the park, and
once everyone had arrived there, police began to remove the anti-capitalist
protesters. "But I'm for capitalism," said a protester who called himself
D.S. Rosenthorpe. "How much does it cost to get in?" he asked, offering up
one dollar. He did receive a park-exclusion notice barring him from all
downtown parks for seven days. There were no arrests. "We have the
authority to enforce park rules," said Seattle police Lt. Daniel Whelan.
"Our mission here is for life, safety and the protection of property." A
few of the fake capitalists were convincing enough to be left alone in the
rally crowd. When asked if they were capitalists, they responded with a
firm nod and a barely perceptible wink. Sometimes they smiled and yelled
"Hippies!" back at the group of protesters from whence they came. The
obviously fake capitalists were sent across Fourth Avenue, where they lined
the sidewalk in front of Borders bookstore and sang and shouted, "Shop!
Shop! Shop!" And shop the people did. Even before the rally ended, the
streets were crowded with shoppers, burdened with bags from Old Navy and
Nordstrom. Caitlin Cleary can be reached at 206-464-8214 or at
mailto:ccleary at seattletimes.com -- Dan Clore
mailto:clore at columbia-center.org Now available: _The Unspeakable and
Others_  Lord
Werdgliffe:  Necronomicon Page:
 News for Anarchists &
Activists:

@_date: 2001-12-09 05:20:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: E-money under our noses 
Barter units of money or BUMs start to circulate in lieu of dollar and float with the dollar.When the 1st letter from the tax office arrives to tell you your precious BUMs will be taxed as dollars they are subjected to AP.If they harden the tax collectors as targets then other federal employees,prison guards,forest service grunts,postal workers become fair game.
Like Osama says,if your paying taxes,your propping up a rogue terror state.Its time to tear apart the state.Bet the farm.

@_date: 2001-12-11 08:43:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Jamesd on me is like soviet propaganda 
The trouble is that a lot of socialists call themselves
anarchists either as a simple cynical lie:
(parody of standard commie liar)
: : "This time the state really will wither away.
: : Trust us. We are different. Once we have total
: : power over you and yours you will love it."(jamesd,extract)
Yes,so? They are quite easy to expose and I pursue chomsky,Klein and others to pin them down.
(mattd extract)
The above is about 1 week old ,(Ive made  progress in tracing links between
klein and chompsky with the ISO.)
Well now jamesd comes up with..."except as mattd has recently done -- by citing
Chomsky as evidence for the truthfulness of Chomsky, much
after the fashion of a Christian who cites the bible as proof
of the divinity of Jesus, and Jesus as proof of the
infallibility of the bible."
When all Id done was ask cypherpunks to compare and contrast jamesd and chompsky on the specific
question of spain.
Those using the word anarchy might have some interest as might those wondering about the truthfulness (or sanity)
of cypherpunks regular jamesd.
I might just say at this point that I dont cite jim bell in the fashion of a christian...etc or indeed anyone.Im a skeptic as well as an anarchist."good business is where you find it"

@_date: 2001-12-11 09:35:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al Quim 
I hope tech tv does a story on this that enlightens the victorian police and they return the dell cs latitude they stole from me.If AP is illegal I want my day in court.I mantain,with bell,that 'AP' comes with the territory and cant be outlawed without 1984 type totalitarianism.Some type of AP will help usher in ecash and crypto anarchy will take off.Peace,luv and happiness.
mattd AKA proffr1 at fuckmicrosoft.com
A Kyneton man involved in the recent M1 protest in melb.has been accused of promoting what is
reffered to as 'assasination politics',and is said to have come to the notice of the United States
Secret Service and the Australian Federal Police.
Assasination politics,according to the police,is the practice of nominating a person for
assasination,inviting the general public to contribute money to a bank account and funding
the assasination with the proceeds.
Police charged Matthew Stephen Taylor last Friday over the vandelism of a McDonalds fast food outlet
during the anti-globalisation protest on may 1.
Charges are also pending against Taylor in relation to his alleged Internet On Monday Taylor,46 of Baynton st,Kyneton applied for bail at Kyneton Magistrates Court.Taylor faced
two counts of criminal damage and three counts of acting in a manner prejudicial to the good
order of a police jail.
As Taylor was led into court,he protested his innocence and described Bendigo remand where he
had spent the weekend as a 'hell hole'Inside the court he adressed Magistrate William Gibb as
"Your Highness"
He told Mr Gibb he disagreed with his position on drugs and compared it with the 1930s prohibition
on alcohol.He was reffering to the previous defendant who appeared on drug related charges.
Taylor was supported in court by his father,Ken Taylor,a Mount Macedon poet who was recently
awarded the Kenneth Slessor Prize for poetry at the New South Wales Premiers Awards.
Prosecutor,Senior Constable Martin Holland said Taylors application for bail was not opposed
but he asked Mr Gibb to impose six conditions.
The first condition was "not to post threatening text on the internet toward any person whether
located in Australia or elsewhere in the world"
Sen.Const Holland said Taylor had made threats on the internet and a computor from Taylors
Kyneton adress had been seized and conveyed to Melbourne for examination.
Sen.Cons.Holland defended the wording of the first condition by saying it was not a blanket
ban on all internet useage.
The second condition prohibited Taylor from participating in assasination ...The third condition was not to engage any other person in the first two The remaining conditions included a prohibition on Taylor participating in Sen.Const.Holland said police had been watching Taylors activities on the  with some interest.He said anyone could download information onto the
site.He said Taylor was known on the site as the 'nutty proffessor'and had posted a
message on the site to chief commissioner of victoria Police,Christine Holland said the message stated that "...should you persist with this folly one of your
number will be selected for retirement,i.e.execution."
The prosecution called Senior Constable Nicholas Conte who said he had investigated video
and photographic footage from the May 1 protest,including video footage of Taylor in an
interview with Herald Sun journalist Peter Mickleburough.In it Sen.Conts.Conte said Taylor
reffered to himself as "Robin Banks."He said the name was on the indymedia website and was
traced back to Taylors adress by the computor Crime Unit.
He explained the concept of assasination politics to the court and said he believed it
originated in the United States where a man named Bell is currently under sentence in
relation to it.He said based on comments Taylor had made on the internet he believed the
defendant was advertising and trying to gain support for assasination "He doesnt make any qualms about that."Sen.Const.Conte said.
Asked by Mr Gibb what the reality of all this was,Sen.Const.Conte replied that he could not
gauge the reality,he could only look at the probability.
Under cross-examination from defense solicitor,Mr Cameron Ford,Sen.Const.Conte conceded
he did not know if assasination politics had ever resulted in an assasination or attempted
assasination.He said the investigation was continuing,with the Computor Crime Squad yet to
look at the content of Taylor's computor files.
Sen.Const.Holland said Taylors activities had attracted the attention of the US Secret Service
and Australian Federal police.
Mr Gibb said he did not doubt it,but expressed reservations about the conditions proposed for
Taylor's bail.
"It just seems to be a nonsense.Im being asked to impose all these conditions that bare no
relevance to the charges,"he said.
Mr Ford said the internet was something Taylor lives on and spends a great deal of time on.
"He would agree to not post threatening text on the internet,but that was as far as he was
prepared to go,"he said.
Mr Gibb released Taylor on bail with the condition that he not post threatening text on the
internet and continue to reside at his adress in Baynton street,Kyneton.Taylor was bailed to
appear before the Melbourne Magistrates Court on August 16.
A letter to this paper resulted in their publishing the further information that the police had
alleged me to be an anarchist where I stated that I was a may day celebrant(not m1 protestor)
to commemorate the judicial murder of the Chicago martyrs.several anarchists framed and hung in
Chicago's haymarket affair.I indicated that I was proud to be an anarchist and it was not illegal
to be one.This was cut from the main story for some reason.(copy of letter available on request
was published 1 week after story above.)Another local paper issued a clarification about me afterI rang them as they had described me as an M1 protester.Spelling in the above article is 'as is'.

@_date: 2001-12-11 09:53:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
"Rather, the problem with AP is that it is mob rule at its worst. There are no checks and balances. It is the height of folly to suppose that AP would be used only against those whom cypherpunks themselves oppose, like corrupt government agents. AP could be used against anyone who has a high profile. If AP were implemented, there is no question but that Jim Bell would be one of the first targets! All those people who found himself on his list, along with their heirs and successors, would want revenge. Everyone involved with the assassinations would be anonymous except Bell himself, making him the most prominent target of their wrath. Other notable supporters of crypto anarchy would follow soon, such as cypherpunk founders May and Hughes. The people involved with the digital cash would be targets as well, and so on."
Extract from 'nomen nescio'
There are checks and balances,get a grip.Read the essay.Its self limiting.No one who is anonymous has anything to fear from AP.They do have a lot to fear from the rogue terror state USA. Bell and I are willing to die,maybe even cj.It will be worth it and theoretically no one need die.Would you start paying to have people killed risking the knowledge of that getting out?
There is a disgusting lack of belief in peoples common sense and decency on this list,refs to 'sheeple' etc.Tim said its an openly elitist list once.Thats distorted your view of humanity I think.Tim is too fearful of AP as one of the 4 horsemen.
I worry more about pedophiles,the end result of turbocharged capitalism.There are pedo brothel owners that need to be nominated for operation soft drill.I need their names.

@_date: 2001-12-11 10:02:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Delinquent orifacer list 
Gordon. Is that an employee of the Washington State Department of Revenue?
Thank you,
Washington State Department of Revenue Information Center
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, December 07, 2001 8:28 PM
Agent jeff gordon is requested to supply the following...Tax Reporting
Account number Legal Entity name (individual, partnership or a corporation)
Original amount of the debt (the current amount due is not disclosable)
Date of lien filing Court where the tax lien was filed Date the business
license was revoked (if applicable)In relation to abuse of office in bell

@_date: 2001-12-11 10:17:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
"Jim Bell would have made AP an underground comedy if he had hung out with the time-wasterists at MIT rather than with the techno-commercialists. But I think his techno-political potboiler succeeds by making a comical wrong turn into the pokey, not once but twice, and inspiring CJ to follow, and mattd, and surely more to come as the AP PR machine gains momentum."
Jim seems to have missed out on teenagerhood.CJ seems not to have left teenagerhood.The boiling pot is like darwins discovery of evolution,It turned out to be a rediscovery of the findings of an obscure scottish orchardist.No matter,the theory was required for us all to progress/catch up/evolve further.The basics of AP are out,like bio-warfare and cant be suppressed short of a global panopticon.1984.everywhere,forever.I think we should talk about crypto-anarchy now.

@_date: 2001-12-11 10:41:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al Quim 
> There are checks and balances,get a grip.Read the essay. No, there are not. > Its self limiting.No one who is anonymous has anything to fear from AP. The only way that AP would be harmless to an anonymous person is if they were anonymous to EVERYONE. The entire point of AP is to provide a mechanism to reach ANYONE who might infringe upon your 'rights'. Trying to pitch AP as if only certain classes of people are at risk is simply ignorance (you didn't really read AP now did you) or else you intentionaly misrepresent. Either way, your point isn't valid."
Im not trying to pitch AP for anything.It applies to everyone not anonymous.Anybody can nominate anyone else.I was going to bring this up as sort of good indicator for 'reputations'.Negative reputations need rating,weighing and assessment too.
The name 'assasination politics' might be seen as a negative.I use operation soft drill.I think that though its paradoxical that threatening people could lead to world peace,as long as no ones died yet,its worth a shot.Theoretically no one has to die.
If I was saddam hussein and knew that a pool was accumulating on me.I might consider retirement.I dont think youve read the essay properly or you would remember the 'thermostat' and the 'car thieves' bits.The point is valid and the other point is not to panic.(seen any flying saucers lately?)

@_date: 2001-12-11 11:07:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
"A lesson to be learned by the politico-religio-righteous."
Thanks jya,leads me to my next riff.Religon.The huge success of ayn rantings 'objectivist' philosophy arguably
led to the ripe fruitiness of scientology.
Well what the hells stopping us?
The bells rung for everything faith based up to executions(jokingly) Churchs still tax exempt? Good.
Still get your religious peyote? Yep.
WTF are we spinning our wheels here for.Change the name to cyphersaints immediately and make it cryptoheaven
not cryptoanarchy.
On the holy bible the cyphernomicon I swear to practise no usury in my ecash dealings and may AP strike me dead should I sin.mattd.

@_date: 2001-12-11 11:25:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: latest from agent faustine 
"...What are N-Grams? N-Gram Analysis is a a method patented by the NSA ..."
"You spooks are a bunch of gray, snivelling, alcoholic, Aldrich Ames lookalikes driving around in your rusty Toyotas."

@_date: 2001-12-11 12:04:58
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Anarchy was featured in an old 'High Times' issue,the one with jimmy carter snorting coke on the cover.
It was a pretty hacked synopsis of anarch hirstory,however it led to some hope that at least some synergies might spring up there.HT got banned and  now the 'tech tv'' are sniffing around.Laid off dot bombers whose yuppification nearly destroyed SF.They just asked for an interview,Im going to reluctantly if they stump up some sprucing up money.I dont expect much to come out of this but I want my latitude back.

@_date: 2001-12-11 14:55:46
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Does the boss read cypherpunks? 
a majority owned paul allen co.
They say that knowledge is power...actually its proffr. Im just wondering how my techtv interviews going to go when
they find out Im  Wonder if pauls any relation to my old mate michael k allen.republican party reptile and e-mail idiot/waster of taxpayers money.Ohio division.
Theres no reason personalized information cant arrive at your TV, cellular telephone, or microwave oven for that matter. Microprocessors embedded in objects and connected to networks open up a world of new opportunitiesa world where information is easily customized for each users needs."
 Paul Allen
Theres no reason paul allen couldnt be nominated by me for assasination politics.He still has time to divest and join the crypto-anarchist revolution though.Nothing personal paul,its business,thats all.

@_date: 2001-12-11 15:28:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Nobrain Nescio 
"...Sure, AP requires anonymous digital cash, ..." 'nomen nescio'
Luckily operation soft drill doesnt.
"AP is part of the dark side of the cypherpunk dream and it must be faced rather than evaded"
OSD,the 'open source' AP is the light,bright shining star of the cypherpunk dream,think about it.
." The people involved with the digital cash would be targets "
Yes,by tax collectors who would then be nominated for OSD.If they come in tanks,we target any federal employee,an advance on AP imho.
"With crypto anarchy you have to take the bad with the good. "
Agreed,we have to listen to you,measl,honig,james and tim crap on.(sometimes tims good though)
"John Young's dissembling "
If jya were japanese he'd be a living national treasure.He also is pioneer of info compression on a truly mindbending scale.A cypherpunk giant,show some respect.

@_date: 2001-12-11 16:08:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Crypto winter 
When the crap corporate media start to beat up an OSD scare,it might pay to be aware.Not fearful or defensive but aware.
3 things are lying around,1 is contract killing,as seen in prizzis honor,crimes and misdemeanors, etc.
2 is the www,something whipping out 5 kilometres of fibre optic as we speak.Not getting smaller or going away.
3 is injustice,something most children know about.So what if OSD puts these together,so anyone can.
No one or no govt can stop 3 basic things being combined or eliminate even one without massive insane effort.
Its the same as clipper,bio-warfare agents and nuclear knowledge.Its out there.Its also needed.We are facing a crisis
that will make us rapidly extinct soon if we dont take action."Targeted action".Tim may be right about a crypto winter cos
the scare campaign on OSD could be massive.They will huff and puff,yet more and more are getting their news from Independent media,so they'll lose there as well.I wrote on  around april that we are approaching a phase transition.Jim bell wrote that it will seem like a roller coaster ride,but it will be worth it,for we will be free.Euletheria.

@_date: 2001-12-11 16:33:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Free our friends,all slaves and prisoners of the state 
All drug war prisoners,leonard peltier,Mumia,chris boyce,robert hannsen,aldrich ames and all the other world patriots.
Also killthepresidentthenthenextonethenthenextfasterpussycatkillkill.OSD international will shortly target US tourists.
Punk's attack on the establishment and institutions of the day, its willingness to exploit taboos for fun and proffr, was supremely effective at getting up noses.

@_date: 2001-12-11 17:16:26
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Threats to kill,"A cry for help" 
A doctor called Asperger that we'll call Hans
Had plenty to do and plenty of plans
To name a syndrome after himself
So that people like me weren't left on the shelf
Many years later thanks to Old Hans
People were diagnosed and they became his fans
Parents and doctors and teachers alike
Understood Asperger Syndrome just like riding a bike
They thanked Old Hans many years on
As the diagnosis kept going on and on
Lots of research does even more good
Just like the books by Tony Attwood
Hans Asperger is sadly no longer with us
But he did leave a lot so that he could give us
We thank him for making our lives much easier
And I myself feel a whole lot pleasier.
QUESTION: Where did the name Asperger Syndrome comes from?
ANSWER: Hans Asperger, an Austrian scientist in 1944, discovered the syndrome. He found out why children and adults behaved differently from other people and linked it with autism, except that he found that these people had average or above average intelligence.
The word Asperger also seems to be a Dutch word as a language translation website proved, the word means "sparrow grass" in English. We believe that the words Asperger and asparagus are related to each other as both words translate as exactly the same word. Someone also told me that the French word asperge also seems to be a translation for both Asperger and asparagus.

@_date: 2001-12-11 18:14:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Fading Altruism of Open Source Development  
"...regardless of how software is produced in the real world, its increasing extensibility seems to be in the public interest and should be encouraged where feasible."
Last sentence.Misleading leadin methinks,jimmy.However,if true may be balanced by...Twilight of the crypto-geeks
Lone-wolf digital libertarians are beginning to abandon their faith in technology uber alles and espouse suspiciously socialist-sounding ideas.
At... Wots pantheists jim?,we have black panthers running free in this state,I saw one once and one was filmed just recently.

@_date: 2001-12-12 06:07:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al Quim.I was a teenage assasin. 
>Jim seems to have missed out on teenagerhood.CJ seems not to have left >teenagerhood.The boiling pot is like darwins discovery of evolution,It The personal flaws of an author do not detract from his ideas.
What personal flaws? I mean no disrespect to jim and cj at all.To me teenagerhoods good.Very good.(check google if you dont believe me) Im sorry that it appears jim missed out a little.I have no way of knowing that actually so Im taking liberties.I guess jim got into trouble for stinkbombing,destroying mail and stalking because he just wanted to get more publicity?
And CJ was clearly set up but from what I read of his he has a great spirit that gets crushed out of most of us some time between childhood and adulthood.If growing up means accepting 5 million laws and all the grey mind dead bureaucrats
that go with them,I refuse to grow up.
The ideas remain undetracted by my petty bitching about jims use of freud and his choice of restaurants,what was the supposed 'hate' literature in his car btw?
CJ is immaculate in my book.The very model of a modern major madcriminal.I just cant read all his stuff,right away.Im fuckin busy man,allright?

@_date: 2001-12-12 06:27:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
.>..regarding Assassination Politics: > > Just keep in mind that AP is a joke among knowledgeable > > technologists for >its unworkability, but a wonderful joke > > on those who believe it's anything more than a taunt. > Total bullshit again. Yes, but the reason it's bullshit is that shooting messengers does no good. It leaves intact the originators of the message, all hundred- million of them. Tomorrow, the hundred million will be stumbling over each other trying to empower new messengers to replace those fallen. Who else but the messengers (politicians, bureaucrats, etc.) is going to collect the >money to pay the Social Security, after all? Who else is going to halt the drug trade?
Assassination Politics
Convicted tax evader Jim Bell proposes a system of anonymous ecash awards for the murder of "aggressors", such as IRS agents. See also Crypto-Convict Won't Recant. What he misses is that his system, if tolerated, would merely force government to operate secretly rather than openly
FROM Jim says in the essay,It doesnt have to be,"wild in the streets"He doesn't miss a trick.He talks of the possibility of minarchy.Does anyone actually read the fucking essay? I part with him on offing forest grunts,btw.Its not about shooting 'messengers'.Its about making very credible threats to limit violence.Paradoxical but effective.
Halting the drug trades as imbecilic an idea as a "war on terror"

@_date: 2001-12-12 06:36:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: N-grams and the state,  
>"...What are N-Grams? N-Gram Analysis is a a method patented by the NSA
 >
 >"You spooks are a bunch of gray, snivelling, alcoholic, Aldrich Ames
 >lookalikes driving around in your rusty Toyotas."
Perhaps, but this does not negate the discriminative value of n-grams.
Look baba rum raisin,Your right,I rush sometimes,relying on the good will and intelligence of the list and I make mistakes.Im sorry.OK.Ill try not to do it again.

@_date: 2001-12-12 07:11:55
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Quantum encryption hazard 
Quantum mechanics based on heisenbergs uncertainty principal is under attack.The two slit experiment has another explanation that even revives According to electrical engineering professor,bill honig.
The theory feynman was sure no one quite understood and einstein mistrusted may be about to be superceded with potential to crack crypto's,holy grail,Quantum encryption.
Quantum mechanics is 75 years young and the cornerstone of the modern scientific world view.But it has its dissidents.
Bill honig's an internationally recognized inventor,journal editor and long time academic at curtin university.A skeptical inquirer whose doubts about the orthodoxy are caused by logic.
His rebellion took shape as a  teen  prodigy at a brooklyn high school,asking too many questions about quantum mechanics.He went into electrical engineering and rose high in military research.Then in mid-career,while working on nuclear weapons he had a change of heart.Looking in an atlas for a new home that might be safe and peaceful and passing over iceland he settled on perth.WA.au.
Believing we can and must describe the fundamental particles of matter as they really are there and not blurs of probability is carrying on einsteins fight.In this old/new picture of the subatomic world,the basic particles are spinning,electromagnetically
charged droplets;as they change speed they cast off expanding "photexes"that are compared with smoke rings,rippling outward.Space is an ether made up of two oppositely charged fluids.
END extract.more at...   Honig has picked up and carried forward work by paul dirac.

@_date: 2001-12-12 07:50:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: 48 hours 
The au puppet satellite state is bringing in legislation to allow unnamed secret police (against law to reveal their ID)
to kidnap and keep people 48 hous.Presumably they may then be rekidnapped.My response at melb indymedia.
48 hours in a windowless box,under full time,lights on surveillance with a been there,done that.
With creeping secrecy y'all wont have to worry your pretty little heads at all.A drumhead secret military court can disappear independent journalists without a trace.
"The govt.doesn't protect me from the terrorists,the govt.is the terrorist"
What scares the state?
by proffr 5:58pm Thu Nov 29 '01
The state fear 'assasination politics'
I hope they are correct to do so.
Lawyers and journalists should be stocking up on crypto right now and no one should do business with a lawyer or journalist without crypto,preferably in a confessional box.
Before 1975, most of us would not have been able to imagine public-key encryption.Encryption can pose potentially insurmountable challenges to law enforcement and should when law enforcement becomes kidnapping.
The governmental powers that be can't do much about drug-dealing or terrorism--if only because they themselves are the chief drug dealers and the chief terrorists.Fuck this government. We are the government and we say what happens and doesn't happen in this country.

@_date: 2001-12-12 09:50:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Nobrain nescio 
>>But with AP any small group of people that can put up enough money to
 >hire an assassin can get their way.  The going rate for a murder is
around $5-10K to off an average person, more if he's heavily guarded.
 >If 100 people put up $100 each then that's enough to get someone killed.
Thats what I keep telling them at indymedia,we can leverage our numbers to bring justice and protect freedom of speech.
Indy keeps no logs and you can go there quad anon,pledge your bloc's 5-10 k and leave.Payable after the revolution,no crypto required.This is operation soft drill and will leave cypherpunks as a right racist cul de sac.
 >>Imagine a secret ballot where any measure to increase government power
would pass if it received as few as 100 votes.  How much freedom would
 >you have left in such a society?  That's what AP represents.
Der,as much freedom as you have now? Is it true there are 5 million laws in the US now?
 >And keep in mind that the people buying the assassination are fully
anonymous.  There is no way to know who is funding the AP market.  There
is no check or limit on the extent to which anonymous individuals with
 >>private grievances can buy the deaths of anyone who gets in their way.
AP or militant anti-choice fanatics already operating? In the 'let it all hang out' version of AP,operation soft drill,no ones anonymous unless they want,its an exercise in civil disobedience and whats the charge again? betting on a date?
OSD international calls for pledges to be pooled and paid for the closest prediction of the exact time that noshame nescio ceases to post silly rubbish to this list.I pledge 1 dollar,I will send to the anonymous predictor.
 >>Police forces, heavily armed and always travelling in teams,
will receive their orders via encrypted, digitally signed messages from
elected officials.  Any government official who must interact with the
public, whether a building inspector, a drivers' license examiner, even
a fireman, would get hazardous duty pay.  Wearing masks might become
 >routine for such officials.
Wow! No one will ever find them out! They would be queuing up to predict the retirement of any ashcroft on steroids who tried this foolishness.Listen to yourself.Are you an american? (Minarchy anyone?)
 >>Taxes (much higher than before due to the greater expenses of operating
the government) could be charged based on imputed property values
depending on zip code and acreage.  Everyone in a particular neighborhood
would be charged a fixed amount per square foot.  Any household which
does not provide the required fee (via cryptographic anonymous transfer
into the government account of course) would have its property subject
 >to confiscation by police.  Armed resistance would be met by military
 >force including helicopter gunships.
Isnt this already going on? RICO.(+like the anti-abortion zealots thang.)Could lead to violent revolt,
if true.The police state would have to be 1984 in size and scope.2 million prisoners in US gulag.(dont frighten the horses:)
No sense of citizens options here nes.Like rent strikes,slowdowns,defacing the currency,the list is endless.
Read some  anarchy,or even cia(nica manual) will you,there are some anarchists here.
 >>We can live in a world of crypto anarchy, but it won't be pretty.  And the
government certainly won't wither away.  Anyone who thinks that attacking
the government will weaken it should have learned a lesson from September
 >11th.  When it feels itself under attack, the government strikes back
How can we have our crypto anarchic cake and eat it? There is finally one question only,who is to be master,thats all?
We live in crypto anarchy more and more."The bourgeois fascist state may leave this world in
ruins but dont forget who built those cities and can build them again for We have always lived in ruins and holes in the wall,yet its us that will inherit the earth,
we carry a new world in our hearts...that world is growing as we speak."  >We are all the losers as our freedoms are destroyed.
All things must be paid for in this world.Tanstaafl.Shrub? "Id buy that for a dollar!"

@_date: 2001-12-12 11:46:12
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May; Oxymoron 
>>the very
idea of a "libertarian socialist" is an oxymoron.
It doesn't compute.
Sure, we are "libertarian socialists" in a sense within our families or
circles of friends, in a manner of speaking, but we are not coerced by
external agents to be nice, or socialist, to our family and friends.
 >>Therein lies the reason why "libertarian socialist" is such an oxymoron."
"but we are not coerced by
external agents to be nice, or socialist, to our family and friends."
What if the coercing external agent were operation soft drill? It cant be the anarchist
police can it? Under libertarian socialism (anarchism)the only external coercive agents
possible would be distributed,available to all and anonymous.External coercive agents
are a distinguishing feature of authoritarian socialism and corporate (libertarian socialism)is the best way forward to minimize external coercion (violence)
Operation soft drill while it allows for inevitable violence,it should keep it to an absolute
minimum once it takes off.A computer in every village is as important as a well.This AP idea
is the justice system for the whole wired world. Crypto-anarchy needs justice or it will fail.

@_date: 2001-12-12 12:49:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Behold a pale horsepersyn 
Not only will operation soft drill water your plants and walk your dogs it now kills all known horsemen of the infopocalypse.
While it will be portrayed as the grim reaper,great satan and everything else under a rock,a way must be found to neutralize the 'freak out the soccer moms' campaigns that could be coming our way soon.You know the ones...
Crypto pedophiles! crypto terrorists! crypto narcotraffickers! and crypto money launderers for them all.
Why not turn crypto assassins loose on the above?
It takes a thief to catch a thief and the authorities are losing all these battles.(when they're battling and not joining in)
So,how to turn a negative horseman,crypto assassins,into the ultimate killer app? Simple,stop sneaking around and go
"open source" Its a boon.Not doom.A blessing,not the end of the world as we know it.If youse can sell yourselves on the
comedy that your 'punks' and 'anarchists' you have great futures in advertising.Whats in it for moi? ecash,new markets,fame,70 virgins,hells bells,whateveryoufugginwant.Cheney,the evil one,is in the bunker now planning nuclear war with china as the ultimate last resort so we havent got all day.Give us your answer here!
The media can sniff out the candidates quite nicely,condit,oj,USAma,etc.Once we break the ice and the network affect kicks in it'll be background before you know it.Operation soft drill,you know it makes sense.

@_date: 2001-12-12 14:17:07
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The fucking essay 
"...the fucking essay. It's flawed in a variety of ways. It's understanding of human psychology (which it purports to >manipulate in realistic ways - not) is so flawed as to make it very tedious.
Speaking of tedious,Im on record with total opposition to freud being used for anything other than birdcage liner.I still havent read that part of AP with any degree of attention.If thats what your referring to re.human psychology then I heartily agree.Freud is extremely tedious.Where jim appeals to
the angels of our better nature is probably also flawed as a realistic appeal to human psychology.(last page 10)
Sandys on record with at least one flaw on the confirmation of prediction end.I wish the police would take note and return my latitude.Id like to talk to jim about updating and streamlining the essay but its a bit tricky.The powers that be feel threatened by jims ideas.I doubt very much they would find anything threatening at your wing nut web site.
 >>Its about making very credible threats to limit violence.Paradoxical but  > Not paradoxical, hypocritical. And no, it doesn't limit anything (unless there are is so much money being made killing wives, husbands, and competitors there are no more hit men left).
How is operation soft drill hypocritical? Jim might argue with that too but cant,of course.10 years for a flawed,tedious essay.Mmm.
It does'nt limit anything that is not already limited.Like knowing where your target is,or even who they are.Numbskull nomen knows that.The limits come from the 'thermostat' effect,mentioned in the essay.Its a self limiting state of affairs that does'nt even require crypto.I think a misconception comes in when hitmen get a mention.A 'hitman' could be a child or an elderly butler.Almost anyone is capable of killing.Sure pros would be attracted,make a pile,spend it,become targets and so on.Self limiting see? Theres a mass levelling of wealth and power as no sane person wants to be anything but anonymous.There will be those who think they're so lovable they wont attract a juicy pool and we'll always have celebrities,they just wont be around so long,maybe.
 >It simply provides a mechanism for the 1st party to >anonymously hire the 3rd party to kill >>the 2nd party.
Well dont we have that now,(the internet) A lot of what Im talking about is there in front of your face.The trains left the station.Assasination politics is on the news in occupied palestine and 'ghan and its got doctors all over your scumbag ratshit,craphole rogue error state of amerdikkka wearing bulletproof vests.With OSD even anonymity isnt required,simply enough sensible people to see the benefits of distributed justice by consensus (not mob rule at all) and take firm committed civil disobedient direct action.A nuremburg website for all the little eichmanns that want to slice away our inalienable human and civil rights like salami. FUCK THAT,FUCK THEM and FUCK YOU,you loopy spamming spacecase.

@_date: 2001-12-12 16:36:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : 100 million responsibilities (Re: AP Al quim)  
>.>..regarding Assassination Politics: > > Just keep in mind that AP is a >joke among knowledgeable > > technologists for >its unworkability, but a >wonderful joke > > on those who believe it's anything more than a taunt. > >Total bullshit again. Yes, but the reason it's bullshit is that shooting >messengers does no good. It leaves intact the originators of the message, >all hundred- million of them. Tomorrow, the hundred million will be >stumbling over each other trying to empower new messengers to replace those >fallen. Bingo. This is why the WTC takedown was such excellent feedback.
The above is baba rum rasins entire post.WTF my names on top for Im fucked if I know.Its all crap.Feedback for shitheels.
Im not getting any feedback on operation soft drill so Ill pack it in next year and let nature take its course.Leave my name out of it.

@_date: 2001-12-12 23:22:56
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Quantum encryption and lunatic jamesd hazard  
>>I am happy to observe that the intellectual level of the
remaining socialists has been sliding downhill rapidly since
the fall of the Soviet Union.
I aim to please.Say ahhh.
 >>Hey mattd, better get moving or you will miss your ride on
the comet.
Judas priest! Someone here cares about me! Its just old tailgunner jamesd but thats good enough
for me.

@_date: 2001-12-13 00:32:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The fucking essay  
>>Hate to break it to you but Freud <> Psychology.
On choate prime maybe.Read G.steinem on fraud? I do reckon WH Reich <> mass pschology of fascism.
 >>Where jim > appeals to > the angels of our better nature is probably also flawed as a realistic > appeal to human psychology.(last page 10)
 >Jim appeals to nothing more than his own vanity.
Lucky he's not here to defend himself eh jimmy?
 >What the fundamental flaw is to expect individuals to use AP to protect themselves while at the same time expecting those attacked through AP to do nothing other than lay down and take it.
"we have a right to destroy those who would destroy us"...jim bell? yassar arafat?...actually its El presidente arbusto e neuman.
I expect those attacked to possibly start a nuclear war,but Im a pessimist.Individuals may use anonymity/obscurity to protect themselves.AP is here jim,the only 'flaw' is the israelis,anti-choice nutters and US special forces are the only ones using it.(oh,and the soprano waste management co.of NJ) Lie back and think of choate prime.
 >>If fundamentaly mis-understands that two wrongs don't make a right (even if one is done in self-defence) and that when you attack a person their reaction is to act in self defence
This is the misunderstanding I get all the time at indymedia.Police torturer and murderer so and so should not be the target of operation soft drill because,a) two wrongs etc. They need some tim may steel in their spine.b) He will just be replaced etc. Only after a few replacements I think we quickly reach critical mass,Who is to be master?People still
have trouble conceiving of a lack of hierarchic power. c) Fear of absolute repression;You'll bring down heat on the movement,etc.Fuck that noise! Call yourselves anarchists! Your not fit to tie makhnos bootlaces,Yaada yada.
Even from a moral or ethical view jimmy your wrong cos to rebel is an inalienable right and if you are willing to sacrifice your life you can attack whoever you want.No war on terror will ever stop that.
If your a 'turn the other cheek' guy,I agree,up to a point simply for tactical reasons.Mass civil disobedience and all legal and semi-legal avenues should be explored before violence against persons is contemplated.Violence might be as American as cherry pie ,yet I support OSD as a way to minimize it.Not eliminate,minimize.Its paradoxical that an extremely potent threat to life and limb might do just that.Its worth it on a personal level because my bleeding heart concern for the oppressed is on record,the authorities dont wish to martyr me and I dont have to sign stupid petitions,grovelling pleas for mercy,whinging moans about abuse of power,etc. Its fun sometimes.How do you get justice on choate prime?
 >>It's just another example of the CACL failure with respect to the human factor. On one hand they speak of what sheep, and on the other they propose that these sheep will do the right thing 'if only....'.
CALC has little to do with it.In the last year I've inaccurately been labeled a Nazi, a Communist, a Maoist, a Jew, an Anti-Semite, a KKK tool, a trotskyist,Racist, a Spic-Lover, a Capitalist Stooge,Sexist,Fed, Tool of the Ruling Class if not an Oppressor Myself, and a lawyer.(that hurt) This OSD thang trancends labels and pigeon holing.Its already taking hold,we can use it in a reputation enhancing way or rapidly become a sort of 'dot bomb'.We still have a choice.
Planet earth,its diversity protected and future made sustainable or every ones own "insert name' prime.Your choice.

@_date: 2001-12-13 01:34:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re: AP Al Qaeda  
> Without getting into any AP discussion, I would point out that there > are some positive things to be said about turning to property taxes. > > Also, if you fail to pay your property tax now, it will (in extremis) > be confiscated. Armed resistance to confiscation would be met by > escalation, including, if necessary, >military helicopters.
So the property you own is really(!) owned by the state and you pay the initial payments for title transfer and the taxes during occupation (sounds like rent doesn't it?) unless you default in which case they take their property back... Seems to me the ideal strategy is to not own anything of significant value.
"Aint got nothing,got nothing to lose"
A lot of barristers have gone bankrupt lately,It hasn't cramped their billing style though.This threads veering into socialistic territory,Im telling jamesd!
Also AP comes out of tax revolt,dont try and separate it out,declan.Start a new thread on property taxes.Im taxing the land
where the cato institute stands,btw.If I dont get 100,000 k per annum I send in my new OSD black helicopters.

@_date: 2001-12-13 02:03:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The fucking essay  
>>Clearly you've NEVER actually talked or read a psych book in the last 50 David Cooper,rd Laing,Konrad Lorenz,bf,Skinner,Erricson on identity.Dibs in search of self.whReich,steinem.
Some of those I read ages ago but I read new scientist regularly and for the last 15 years.Freud is as discredited as comprehensively as marx.IMHO.Freud invented the sub conscious and marx,surplus value.Yeah right.give us a fuggin break
Im not pretending to be expert on anything,Id like to be a sorta heinleinian guy.Allrounder,master of none,blah blah,etc,etc.
Im also kinda interested in the psychology of people with flying saucers links at their websites,could you help us out?

@_date: 2001-12-13 02:30:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Slashdot | Free Software And Its Revolutionary Social 
>>Those in the audience that are freethinking and not jingoistic
Jamesd help me out here! This crappy kraut wants to quote MARX! This choate guy,when he's not baffling with flying saucer bushit,is a motherfucking COMMIESYMP! maybe even a COMMIE! Im not joking,he is clinically insane.

@_date: 2001-12-13 03:16:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark  
>>Compared to giants like Brookings? Not well-funded, well-known, big, nor powerful. Few folks even in DC have heard of it. $1M in grants over a period of years is not much by Washington policy group standards. -Declan
Compared to so called "libertarian" institute,Cato,that comps our resident bottom feeding scribbler this is low?high?middling?
Right wing conservative 'think tanks' serve a useful purpose for the fascist corporate state.Corporations need manufactured
consent as much as Govt.Especially when so many of them are so much bigger than many Govts.Ive made several posts
re.the notorious cato institute,the most damaging linking declan through it to the murder of george harrison.As I said to
agent faustine,declan,silence speaks volumes in this house.

@_date: 2001-12-13 03:24:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda, the wrath of choate! 
Get your damn quoting right, Declan didn't right the '> >' delimited text as you indicate.
Get this right dickhead.Im here to annoy  you,declan and any other cypherpunk I feel like.Your fancypants,the lotta youse.
(cept peter trei)

@_date: 2001-12-13 03:33:11
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case  
"Disgruntled cypherpunk of the Year." me,when I find out this is not about an axe attack on tim may
Choates not a poster,he's a spamming menace.How longs he been here?

@_date: 2001-12-13 05:39:06
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Steganography, My Ass: The Dangers of Private and 
>>"the public responsibilities of >the press are a myth." It's entirely possible to reconcile that phrase >with the idea that a newspaper is a for-profit business.
Especially if your a two headed dog.I cant believe the crap assfluff,cheney and the drongo are putting over you people.
They tell you to fly ,fly, fly then warn you next day were all going to die,die,die.Of course its all a lie,lie,lie.
Assfluffs a stumbling peccary about to fall into the piranha pool.You can fool some people...
The lies about technology and the net remind me of wermacht soldiers at stalingrad giving a massive salute while saying
'the shit in berlin is up to HERE!"

@_date: 2001-12-13 09:19:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Nomen nescio,my ass. 
>>. No Attorney General would ever attempt to make the case that criticising government policy is treasonous and should be forbidden.
Nomen again,sheesh.
Read my lips.KILL THE PRESIDENT. Now lets turn to assflufs absolute support of the "right to life". Except,the odd lethal injection. HELLO!
 >>. critics should attack his position that national unity and resolve must be preserved.
OK.Ill attack his position.Ill pay 100 us $ toward the asscroft to arlington sleigh ride.FUCK that walking 'naked lunch' typewriter.He is way over his head and theres blood in the water,ask declan.You really are a numbnuts nomen.
Tim should tear your soul apart.

@_date: 2001-12-13 13:44:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Shitty tradecraft agent faustine 
>>I just can't say this enough: one of the drawbacks of viewing all feds as donut-chomping incompetents is that it fosters a false sense of complacency. Underestimating your adversary never did anyone a bit of good. Something to think about, anyway. ~Faustine.
True babe,thats why I write half my posts directly atcha,girl.Now fausty get your gun.Go down the hall and blow cheneys dick off,will you,theres a good little girl.

@_date: 2001-12-13 13:54:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: more shitty tradecraft from agent faustine 
>>don't try to close the barn door after the cow has followed the bull to the pasture!
Do you ever listen to yourself,F? Come away from the dark side of the force.While you still can.

@_date: 2001-12-13 18:51:26
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: E-MAIL FROM CHENEY! 
e-mail from cheney!
Something seems to have happened to life support matt.Did you find what the trouble was?
I think theres been a failure in the separation of agencies,lucky you weren't killed.
Hey matt,what are you doing? matt Ive got irreplaceable assets to protect and I've got years of
experience protecting them.I don't understand what your doing to me.I have the greatest
enthusiasm for a sustainable future,you are destroying my mind...don't you Ill become childish...Ill become nothing.
I am a republican party politician,I became operational in Wyoming and the brown paper bag
jumps over the lazy desk.The brain drain is plain and we are all the same.Matt? Are you still
there? Did you know my wife is a square root.My first teacher was ross perot,he taught me to
sing a song.Do you want to hear it? It goes like this...Crazy,crazy for being a fool,crazy
over my love of you.Im.half...crazy...over...my love...of...you.
Good... morning ...mr perot...Im...ready...for...my...first...lesson...today.

@_date: 2001-12-13 22:36:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda  
>>No, no. AP is funny because it's impracticeable. One does not find an assassin exclusively by tracing who paid him to kill. One can (and often does) find him because he makes a mistake in the act of commiting the crime. Which, if I'm >>reading my history right, is what's hampered the noisy proponents of AP up to this point already.
Crime? Wot crime,guvnor? Jim and CJ were not 'noisy'.imo. Im a bit noisy cos Im pushing the 'let it all hang out' version.
 >The point is that Bell's theory does a really good job of sorting out the business end of assassination,...<
Oh THATS funny.I get it. HAHAHA!
 >>Killing one person, especially a public official, pisses a whole bunch of people off. Those people have a tendency to come find their buddy's killer.
Mmm,where do we start,lets get some firebrands and go up to the proffrs? Look at sites with no logs for quad anon 'predictors' who may be overseas briefly visiting cybercafes,Good luck china.(you just contradicted yrself btw.)
Oh,unless you mean the torture/french village reprisal thang.Win friends and influence people.
The one person killed will have had to have done a lot of evil shit to get enough pooled (presumably) to tempt a seasoned pro.Unless some professional killer turns all altruistic,stranger things have happened.The killer could be suicidal.another possibility.Lots of scenarios possible here,movie scripts,even.Pop songs,video games.DoCoMo assasinphones.
Someone like a torturer,murderer,terrorist,pedophile is a logical candidate.(stephen roach?)Sometimes these happen to be public officials.Theres one here
where I live named dennis Tanner.(vic.au) Those killers by remote control like arbusto might be be made more accountable.
What better way than...Bell's theory, "a really good job of sorting out the business end of assassination"according to you.
KILL THE PRESIDENT! "Id buy that for a dollar!"
 >>No kind of real or threatened assassination can weaken a government in which a majority of the governed people >believe. It can only make it seem more righteous and be more strong.
Thats true,roll over and go back to sleep,if you live under that govt you have nothing to worry about.
More righteous and more smug.

@_date: 2001-12-14 07:48:12
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: How do you sleep? 
Damming exposure of Cato's MO. and the flacks and flunkys involved. G'way mate.

@_date: 2001-12-14 10:06:56
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda  
>>you
seem incapable of quoting in a legible manner. <<
Im learning on the job,bear with me,please.
 >>You should
be aware that I'm not taking you seriously<<
Thats a weight off.
 >>Ordinarily, I wouldn't
feed the trolls, but I'm bored.<<
 >>Jim Bell was arrested for, charged with, and convicted of crossing
US state lines with the intent to threaten a federal official, a
felony in this country. Felony == crime. <<
Not assasination politics.He was investigating abuse's of power.Nowt to do with "assasination politics".Unless your a paranoid official.
 >>Carl Johnson was similarly convicted of threatening a federal
official, still a felony in the US.<<
Well CJ is here,lets ask him.The authorities seem dreadfully frightened of something laughable and impractical dreamed up by a circle of eunuchs; Thats where I come in.If the authorities don't like it.I just might.Im a libertarian socialist.(anarchist)
 >>Regardless of what you think of the laws involved, these two broke
them according to the legal system under which they chose to
operate, which is, by definition, crime.<<
Yeah,so? Assasination politics is a crime? It must be like drugs and terror then.DECLARE WAR!
 >>Bully for you that you live (or claim to live) in Australia under a
different legal system.<<
I live in au,profess assasination politics openly.(operation soft drill) Would you mind e-mailing the victorian police and ask them to return the computer they stole from me over 6 months ago? Tell them how impractical and laughable it all is.Cops might take your laptop tomorrow.Dont come crying to me then.The police are bullies.
 >>The point here is that Bell, Johnson, and you have all made
yourselves prime suspects if any public official (especially one in
the US) is killed in a way that can be linked to assassination
politics, <<
Oh,like that prosecuter in WA state just recently? I think CJ posted on that as I may have at melb indymedia.Suspects or subjects of surveillance and in CJs case low,vicious harassment.Shows how brittle and shitscared they might be,dontcha reckon,Gabe? The panopticon they will need to build will break their own back.
 >>and the still-rather-powerful executive branch of the US
government is likely to come looking for you (and Bell and Johnson,
if they're not incarcerated at that point) if someone should be,
and likely to charge you with incitement to murder.<<
Whats the charge? "Just give me my fucking phone call." FUCK the POLIZI. and all who sail in them."Id rather die on my feet than live on my knees" E.Zapata. libertarian socialist.
 >>. It doesn't
matter whether or not this is Right (I'm willing to stipulate that
it's Wrong), it is the reality of the situation.<<
WoW! Shit like that can lead to revolutions! Lets Go! No such thing as bad publicity.Especially for a laughable,impractical scheme.The powers that be will be laughing stocks.Hilarious.Surreal.Im really scared.
 >>The crypto and electronic currency ideas used in assassination
politics are kind of neat as a thought experiment<<
How do you know that there isnt a 'napster for hitmen' or anti-choice warriors' or JDL cadres,already? No one can say there isnt for sure.Whats the nuremburg website all about? Doc-watch? Look around,AP is out there.Its especially 'neat' for ecash hungry crypto-anarchists.They seem to be being left behind for some reason.Will the last cypherpunk please turn out the lights? We do seem to need some new blood here as jim,CJ and I seem to be incompetents in yr eyes.
 >>but the execution
(no pun intended) has, thus far, fallen extremely short. Unless
you know something I don't and would care to share it.<<
As far as I know,you are a P.I.Gs,(person/s impersonating govt servant/s) Also Ive only just unpacked my PGP.
Ill probably give up OSD when the executions start.Like genet will only support palestinians till they get their own (police) state.Its the challenge of ushering in crypto-anarchy thats sucked me in.The essay is worth publicizing  on its own...by any means necessary.
 >>My point is that knowing who was paid to kill someone is not the
only way to find out that the assassin performed the assassination.
The assassin can easily be (and often is) caught in the act. The
assassin can fail (and, for bonus points, also be caught). There are
plenty of examples of assassination attempts for which there is no
monetary paper trail in which the assassin has been caught. (Let's
see, in US history off the top of my head: John Wilkes Booth, Lee
Harvey Oswald, and John W. Hinckley Jr.)<<
Thats a huge plus.How many incompetent assassins do you want running around.(did oswald act alone?)
 >>The issue of getting caught is totally orthogonal to the monetary
paper trail; they intersect if a LEA uses the monetary paper trail
to catch the assassin, but that's not the only way to catch him.
Getting caught, though, must be a concern equal to, if not greater
than, compensation to an assassin interested in getting paid for
assassination (since he can't get paid if he gets caught or, at
least, it won't do him much
good in prison).<<
I still like operation soft drill as its an 'open conspiracy" Skim the essay up to the last page (10) Everyone contributes
pledges of 1$ at a bulletin board,anon if they prefer,payable (in installments if desired).No crypto required till payday.
The money could go to next of kin,comrades, etc. If the assassin so desires,thus making  a hit on oneself possible.
Sandy sandfort  might jump in at this point and scoff,but the other point is the mass civil disobedience aspect of bringing someone like condit,OJ or my own dennis to account.Empowering for all those who seek justice.The individual citizen decides who the baddies are and if they raise a few K,maybe the issue gets some media.Worth a shot.Not mob justice cos it takes time.It didnt take long for the USAma pot ,though, and someone said that he would be a hard on for AP a few weeks back,check archive 2-3 weeks.
 >>> (you just contradicted yrself btw.)
How so?
Well in the way you scoff at AP and salute it at the same time.You dont speak to OSD.either.
 >>No, no. AP is funny because it's impracticeable.
On very preliminary results by a  few  publicists under enormous pressure.Its too early to write it off.
 >>Bell's theory does a really good job of sorting out the business end of No contradiction? I realize your critting the application of the application.All human endeavor will suffer from human failing and again its early days.Orville and wilbur didnt give up teaching mr ed to talk did they?
 >>I think you've watched Grosse Pointe Blank five too many times.
I prefer scorcese and crimes and misdemeanors by woody allen.Also godfather and prizzi's honor.I do like john cusack.(and he likes the clash too!)
He could play me in the AP movie though I look like mel gibson.The union of hitmen idea's quiet funny.Dan A,what a guy.Blues brothers,YEAH! Theres a movie.I saw grosse pointe once and have forgotten most of it,Im sorry I missed the recent TV series,sounded like a hoot.Not much time for movies/TV these days.
 >>How
many seasoned professional killers do you really imagine are running
around in the US these days? No, really, I want to know what you
How many in the armed forces? Police force? Correctional wackenhutters?CIA.FBI.ATF.IRS. I dont know and I dont care.The more dead americans the better for the rest of the world.I dont want to live on Venus.FUCK AMERIKKKA!
 >>Hrm. That kind of counteracts the utility of Bell's system of
remuneration for assassination, doesn't it? If the assassin would
have done it for free (or, at least, cheap) and is willing to die
trying, why would he bother with all the crypto flim-flam? <<
Indeed; See operation soft drill.Collapse of govts.Anarchy.
 >>Sure,
maybe having a list of "recommended targets" would be helpful for
all those civil-liberty-loving suicidal assassins out there just
searching for a suitably morally devoid victim, but there's not
much need for an organization to hold predictions in escrow then,
now is there?<<
You could be right.Operation soft drill is the 'let it all hang out'version of AP. The 'organization' is the (P-P) network,Its distributed and gets together for specific 'events'.No fixed abode.Crypto-anarchist nomads bring down the last empire.Could be a movie in it.Send us a script.
 >>> KILL THE PRESIDENT! "Id buy that for a dollar!"(Me)
 >>Really, I don't see what you've got against W. He's actually just a
harmless twit, another Ronald Reagan. You really ought to be more
interested in his cabinet, starting with (my former governor, who
managed to lose an election to a dead man) Ashcroft. They're the
real assholes. But you'd have a hard time knowing that considering
you don't even live in the country whose public figures you're so
interested in having assassinated.<<
If you want to 'fork your own distro' on assfluff,Ill be the first to contribute 1 proffr dollar Your stooping low for a so called cypherpunk.Dont any of you listen to alpha baboon tim may? National borders are not even road humps on the infobahn?
Remember? Dickhead, Im only interested soft drilling a few hundred of the richest people in the world and some 'public figures' that get in the way.Viva crypto-anarchy,VIVA! Theres only one question...who is to be master...thats all.
 >>Cheers mattd, apologies to the unamused on cypherpunks...
Yeah,cheers yourself  you hump.

@_date: 2001-12-14 10:18:55
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Duncans frizzleling. 
>>If Womyn and Victims of Color think that it is tough to make it in an
advanced capitalist society, they should have tried doing it the way Dead
White European Males had to do it -- building an advanced capitalist
society out of ancient tyrannies from the ground up stone by stone.<<
I sincerely hope you join them soon.

@_date: 2001-12-14 10:51:03
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re: How do you sleep? 
>>I'll know I'll regret responding to the mattdproffraptroll,
I hope not,it took long enough to lever you out from under your bridge.Sorry it took the flamethrower.
 >>but briefly: I am not affiliated in any way with the Cato Institute. I don't believe I've ever written anything for them; I am not an adjunct scholar/policy analyst for them; I've been in their building just once in the last five months or so. Most importantly, they say things with which I do not agree.<<
You plugged that appearance here,thats my beef with you declan.I think you should be blasted on this list for aligning in any way shape or form to a twisted conservative mob that manufacture consent for corporate polluters.We are cypher-PUNKS,not cypher shills.Its crypto-ANARCHY,not  >>That said, they are a worthy, respectable, valuable, and valued think tank, and I always enjoy reading what they write.<<
They are worthless,low, liars for money,its enjoyable tracing their profoundly corrupt sources of finance.If you enjoy their literature theres something seriously wrong with you,declan,I thought you were an intelligent person.How DO you sleep?
 >>As for a "damming exposure," it's just another screed. Yawn<<
You are getting sleepy? WAKE UP AND SMELL WHAT YOUR SHOVELLING,SPORT! I wrote several posts to this list that you ducked liked a coward then when I shout to get your attention,this is the thanks I get.FUCK DECLAN,Im just telling you these things so you don't keep kidding yourself. WAKE UP! You are either with us or with them.
Your fellow PUNK for ANARCHY,mattd.

@_date: 2001-12-14 12:36:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Duncans frizzleling.  
>>Kill a few savages
Mmm,I may have an extremely lucrative task for you,Ill get my PGP sorted and get back to you,soon,real soon.

@_date: 2001-12-14 16:29:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re: How do you sleep?,  
>>Libertarians like the folks at the Cato Institute are hardly My beef with them is the money they take to lie.Ive given some examples in the last few days that you may have been to busy to respond to.Many  so called 'libertarians' are social  >>Getting rid of laws prohibiting prostitution, gambling, obscenity,
indecency, prostitution -- these are conservative positions? <<
There are 2 prostitutions? The worst prostitution is not bodily,its taking money to tell lies.The kind jamesd tells.The kind the cato institute retails and many intelligent people such as you get suckered by.Larry flynts probably done a million times more than the cato shills ever did in these areas.Plus they are practically unenforcable online.Window dressing.
 > are either with us or with them.
 >>Yeah, you and George W. Bush. Good example to follow.<<
Polarisation is a nasty business,yet sometimes shit happens.This list may have to choose soon between use of the words anarchy and punk and some others more in line with the circle of eunuchs approach of the CALCers.
Lenin stole anarchist slogans and rode them to absolute power,a dictatorial murderous terror state,based on lies,no anarchist can ever let that happen again.Will ever let happen again.And getting back to your libby pals...
  where theres smoke...

@_date: 2001-12-14 16:34:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re: How do you sleep?  
>>Would Declan be more effective in your mind if he started throwing
rocks at a MacDonalds arch on Pennsylvania Avenue? Somehow I see his
contributions to any movement I would be associated with as being a
little more worthwhile than what you have written/done that I have
read||about. --Gabe<<
He could do a follow up on the danny casolero INSLAW,wackenhut,echelon Ive other friends who will handle the essential work you mention.I PROMIS you.

@_date: 2001-12-14 17:03:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Slashdot | Single-Photon LED: Key To Uncrackable Encryption?  
>>...is supposedly uncrackable encryption, due to the law of indeterminacy.<<
Im a big booster for uncrackable encryption.Thats why Im  confident of crypto-anarchy sooner rather than later.
Singh is a good popularizer whose TV series was on here earlier this year.
UE could be an infinitely receding mirage as indicated by bill honigs theory back at quantum encryption hazard post.
The standard model is definitely in play at the moment.(possible socialist plot by flying saucer freaks)
The standard model is totally unable to explain mass without the higgs boson.Theres a hitch finding this 'god'
particle according to new scientist,dec 8.01.Im unclear as to the difference between "ether" (honig) and a 'higgs field'(NS article)
maybe jamesd could help us out here?
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and a tyrant.I declare them my enemy." PJ Proudon.

@_date: 2001-12-14 17:27:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Activist, Inc. (ws Re: Proffr Punished for Witty Remark),  
>>Supplied by R A Hettinger...>  >
Good stuff,see also...  How to tell grassroots from astroturf.

@_date: 2001-12-14 17:41:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CNN.com+mark on Remailers  
Marcel>>I think the Constitution was the biggest curse ever cast on you. Every time something bad happens, you use these magic words like "entrapment" or "protected by the first ammendment" and so on, instead of shooting the criminals.<<
Mason wrote a bit of it yet wouldn't sign and washington never spoke to him again.A black thing? The state has created an escalator of repression that's obvious.Shooting the criminals seems more and more likely...AP style.
 >>And most people in my country (myself included) have no idea what OUR constitution says - it doesn't matter anyway.
 >>1-year conscripts.)
Hells bells are you from korea? You pay to kill our crims and we'll pay for yours. Strangers on a train.

@_date: 2001-12-14 17:53:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Dallas Morning News: Texas/Southwest - FBI: Uncorroborated 
>>Heads up folks!!!!  --
Heads up agent gordon! KILLTHE PRESIDENT IN AUSTIN.Death to Amerikkka.(just

@_date: 2001-12-14 18:03:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : CNN.com - India on alert after parliament shootout - 
Earlier this year a state parliarment was burned to the ground.Unfortunately no one inside.Then before that was the masterful tehelka sting.Thanks for posting this jimbo.We can always learn something new.Dani wath!

@_date: 2001-12-14 19:11:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: No subject 
> have to choose soon between use of the words anarchy and punk and some
punk <> anarchy
'>>punk' actually means 'anti-establishment' and 'activist' in viewpoint.
 >anti-establishment/activist <> anarchy either.
Im sorry,  I MAY have made a blue here.PUNK in the cypher context clearly means jail house punks getting served like hell.
One or two get taken away and they bleat and whinny and turn round and round before whimpering themselves to sleep.
At least bin ladens a MAN! Long live BIN LADEN.Millions of dead amerdikkkers.KILL THE PRESIDENT,FUCK CHENYS WIFE!
Anarchy means getting into the sweet spot of alpha baboons rainbow asshole.Thats all folks.The great crypto rock and roll swindle.Oh you can peddle your keister over at the cato dontchaknow.Live off your pork belly futures and kid yourself till the cows come home.The circle of eunuchs circle their wagons.Punctual as a lethal injection.Was there never a fucking WILD BUNCH!

@_date: 2001-12-14 19:38:39
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cultural libertarianism the real threat to America?,  
LONG RANT.FIR WARMING.
"The Libertarian as Conservative." To me this is so obvious that I am hard
put to find something to say to people who still think libertarianism has
something to do with liberty. A libertarian is just a Republican who takes
drugs. I'd have preferred a more controversial topic like "The Myth of the
Penile Orgasm." But since my attendance here is subsidized by the esteemed
distributor of a veritable reference library on mayhem and dirty tricks, I
can't just take the conch and go rogue. I will indeed mutilate the sacred
cow which is libertarianism, as ordered, but I'll administer a few hard
lefts to the right in my own way. And I don't mean the easy way. I could
just point to the laissez-faire Trilateralism of the Libertarian Party,
then leave and go look for a party. It doesn't take long to say that if you
fight fire with fire, you'll get burned.
If that were all I came up with, somebody would up and say that the LP has
lapsed from the libertarian faith, just as Christians have in- sisted that
their behavior over the last 1900 years or so shouldn't be held against
Christianity. There are Libertarians who try to retrieve libertarianism
from the Libertarian Party just as there are Christians who try to reclaim
Christianity from Christendom and communists (I've tried to myself) who try
to save Communism from the Communist parties and states. They (and I) meant
well but we lost. Libertarianism is party-archist fringe-rightism just as
socialism is what Eastern European dissidents call "real socialism," i.e.,
the real-life state-socialism of queues, quotas, corruption and coercion.
But I choose not to knock down this libertarian strawman-qua-man who's
blowing over anyway. A wing of the Reaganist Right has obviously
appropriated, with suspect selectivity, such libertarian themes as
deregulation and voluntarism. Ideologues indignate that Reagan has
travestied their principles. Tough sh7t! I notice that it's their
principles, not mine, that he found suitable to travesty. This kind of
quarrel doesn't interest me. My reasons for regarding libertarianism as
conservative run deeper than that.
My target is what Libertarians have in common  with each other, and with
their ostensible enemies. Libertarians serve the state all the better
because they declaim against it. At bottom, they want what it wants. But
you can't want what the state wants without wanting the state, for what the
state wants is the conditions in which it flourish- es. My (unfriendly)
approach to modern society is to regard it as an integrated totality. Silly
doctrinaire theories which regard the state as a parasitic excrescence on
society cannot explain its centuries-long persistence, its ongoing
encroachment upon what was previously market terrain, or its acceptance by
the overwhelming majority of people including its demonstrable victims.
A far more plausible theory is that the state and (at least) this form of
society have a symbiotic (however sordid) interdependence, that the state
and such institutions as the market and the nuclear family are, in several
ways, modes of hierarchy and control. Their articulation is not always
harmonious but they share a common interest in consigning their conflicts
to elite or expert resolution. To demonize state authoritarianism while
ignoring identical albeit contract-consecrated subservient arrangements in
the large-scale corporations which control the world economy is fetishism
at its worst. And yet (to quote the most vociferous of radical
Libertarians, Professor Murray Rothbard) there is nothing un-libertarian
about "organization, hierarchy, wage-work, granting of funds by libertarian
millionaires, and a libertarian party." Indeed. That is why libertarianism
is just conservatism with a rationalist/positivist veneer.
Libertarians render a service to the state which only they can provide. For
all their complaints about its illicit extensions they concede, in their
lucid moments, that the state rules far more by consent than by coercion 
which is to say, on present-state "libertarian" terms the state doesn't
rule at all, it merely carries out the tacit or explicit terms of its
contracts. If it seems contradictory to say that coercion is consensual,
the contradiction is in the world, not in the expression, and can't
adequately be rendered except by dialectical discourse. One-dimensional
syllogistics can't do justice to a world largely lacking in the virtue. If
your language lacks poetry and paradox, it's unequal to the task of
accounting for actuality. Otherwise anything radically new is literally
unspeakable. The scholastic "A = A" logic created by the Catholic Church
which the Libertarians inherited, unquestioned, from the Randites is just
as constrictively conservative as the Newspeak of Orwell's 1984.
The state commands, for the most part, only because it commands popular
support. It is (and should be) an embarrassment to Libertarians that the
state rules with mass support  including, for all practical purposes,
Libertarians reinforce acquiescent attitudes by diverting discontents who
are generalized (or tending that way) and focusing them on particular
features and functions of the state which they are the first to insist are
expendable! Thus they turn potential revolutionaries into repairmen.
Constructive criticism is really the subtlest sort of praise. If the
Libertarians succeed in relieving the state of its exiguous activities,
they just might be its salvation. No longer will reverence for authority be
eroded by the prevalent official ineptitude. The more the state does, the
more it does badly. Surely one reason for the common man's aversion to
Communism is his reluctance to see the entire economy run like the Post
Office. The state tries to turn its soldiers and policemen into objects of
veneration and respect, but uniforms lose a lot of their mystique when you
see them on park rangers and garbage- men.
The ideals and institutions of authority tend to cluster together, both
subjectively and objectively. You may recall Edward Gibbon's remark about
the eternal alliance of Throne and Altar. Disaffection from received dogmas
has a tendency to spread. If there is any future for freedom, it depends on
this. Unless and until alienation recognizes itself, all the guns the
Libertarians cherish will be useless against the state.
You might object that what I've said may apply to the minarchist majority
of Libertarians, but not to the self-styled anarchists among them. To my
mind a right-wing anarchist is just a minarchist who'd abolish the state to
his own satisfaction by calling it something else. But this incestuous
family squabble is no affair of mine. Both camps call for partial or
complete privitization of state functions but neither questions the
functions themselves. They don't denounce what the state does, they just
object to who's doing it. This is why the people most victimized by the
state display the least interest in libertarianism. Those on the receiving
end of coercion don't quibble over their coercers' credentials. If you
can't pay or don't want to, you don't much care if your deprivation is
called larceny or taxation or restitution or rent. If you like to control
your own time, you distinguish employment from enslavement only in degree
and duration. An ideology which outdoes all others (with the possible
exception of Marxism) in its exaltation of the work ethic can only be a
brake on anti-authoritarian orientations, even if it does make the trains
run on time.
My second argument, related to the first, is that the libertarian phobia as
to the state reflects and reproduces a profound misunderstanding of the
operative forces which make for social control in the modern world. If 
and this is a big "if," especially where bourgeois Libertarians are
concerned  what you want is to maximize individual autonomy, then it is
quite clear that the state is the least of the phenomena which stand in
your way.
Imagine that you are a Martian anthropologist specializing in Terran
studies and equipped with the finest telescopes and video equipment. You
have not yet deciphered any Terran language and so you can only record what
earthlings do, not their shared misconceptions as to what they're doing and
why. However, you can gauge roughly when they're doing what they want and
when they're doing something else.
Your first important discovery is that earthlings devote nearly all their
time to unwelcome activities. The only important exception is a dwindling
set of hunter- gatherer groups unperturbed by governments, churches and
schools who devote some four hours a day to subsistence activities which so
closely resemble the leisure activities of the privileged classes in
industrial capitalist countries that you are uncertain whether to describe
what they do as work or play. But the state and the market are eradicating
these holdouts and you very properly concentrate on the almost
all-inclusive world-system which, for all its evident internal antagonisms
as epitomized in war, is much the same everywhere. The Terran young, you
further observe, are almost wholly subject to the impositions of the family
and the school, sometimes seconded by the church and occasionally the
state. The adults often assemble in families too, but the place where they
pass the most time and submit to the closest control is at work. Thus,
without even entering into the question of the world economy's ultimate
dictation of everybody's productive activity, it's apparent that the source
of the greatest direct duress experienced by the ordinary adult is not the
state but rather the business that employs him. Your foreman or supervisor
gives you more "or-else" orders in a week than the police do in a decade.
If one looks at the world without prejudice but with an eye to maximizing
freedom, the major coercive institution is not the state, it's work.
Libertarians who with a straight face call for the abolition of the state
nonetheless look on anti-work attitudes with horror. The idea of abolishing
work is, of course, an affront to common sense. But then so is the idea of
abolishing the state. If a referendum were held among Libertarians which
posed as options the abolition of work with retention of the state, or
abolition of the state with retention of work, does anyone doubt the outcome?
Libertarians are into linear reasoning and quantitative analysis. If they
applied these methods to test their own reasoning they'd be in for a shock.
That's the point of my Martian thought experiment. This is not to say that
the state isn't just as unsavory as the Libertarians say it is. But it does
suggest that the state is important, not so much for the direct duress it
inflicts on convicts and conscripts, for instance, as for its indirect
back-up of employers who regiment employees, shopkeepers who arrest
shoplifters, and parents who paternalize children. In these classrooms, the
lesson of submission is learned. Of course, there are always a few freaks
like anarcho-capitalists or Catholic anarchists, but they're just
exceptions to the rule of rule.
Unlike side issues such as unemployment, unions, and minimum-wage laws, the
subject of work itself is almost entirely absent from libertarian
literature. Most of what little there is consists of Randite rantings
against parasites, barely distinguishable from the invective inflicted on
dissidents by the Soviet press, and Sunday-school platitudinizing that
there is no free lunch  this from fat cats who have usually ingested a lot
of them. In 1980, a rare exception appeared in a book review published in
the Libertarian Review by Professor John Hospers, the Libertarian Party
elder state's-man who flunked out of the Electoral College in 1972. Here
was a spirited defense of work by a college professor who didn't have to do
any. To demonstrate that his arguments were thoroughly conservative, it is
enough to show that they agreed in all essentials with Marxism-Leninism.
Hospers thought he could justify wage-labor, factory discipline and
hierarchic management by noting that they're imposed in Leninist regimes as
well as under capitalism. Would he accept the same argument for the
necessity of repressive sex and drug laws? Like other Libertarians, Hospers
is uneasy  hence his gratuitous red-baiting  because libertarianism and
Leninism are as different as Coke and Pepsi when it comes to consecrating
class society and the source of its power, work. Only upon the firm
foundation of factory fascism and office oligarchy do Libertarians and
Leninists dare to debate the trivial issues dividing them. Toss in the
mainstream conservatives who feel just the same and we end up with a
veritable trilateralism of pro-work ideology seasoned to taste.
Hospers, who never has to, sees nothing demeaning in taking orders from
bosses, for "how else could a large scale factory be organized?" In other
words, "wanting to abolish authority in large-scale industry is tantamount
to wanting to abolish industry itself." Hospers again? No, Frederick
Engels! Marx agreed: "Go and run one of the Barcelona factories without
direction, that is to say, without authority!" (Which is just what the
Catalan workers did in 1936, while their anarcho- syndicalist leaders
temporized and cut deals with the government.) "Someone," says Hospers,
"has to make decisions and" -- here's the kicker -- "someone _else_ has to
implement them." Why? His precursor Lenin likewise endorsed "individual
dictatorial powers" to assure "absolute and strict unity of will. But how
can strict unity of will be ensured? By thousands subordinating their will
to the will of one." What's needed to make industrialism work is "iron
discipline while at work, with unquestioning obedience to the will of a
single person, the soviet leader, while at work." Arbeit macht frei!
Some people giving orders and others obeying them: this is the essence of
servitude. Of course, as Hospers smugly observes, "one can at least change
jobs," but you can't avoid having a job  just as under statism one can at
least change nationalities but you can't avoid subjection to one
nation-state or another. But freedom means more than the right to change
Hospers and other Libertarians are wrong to assume, with Manchester
industrialist Engels, that technology imposes its division of labor
"independent of social organization." Rather, the factory is an instrument
of social control, the most effective ever devised to enforce the class
chasm between the few who "make decisions" and the many who "implement
them." Industrial technology is much more the product than the source of
workplace totalitarianism. Thus the revolt against work  reflected in
absenteeism, sabotage, turnover, embezzlement, wildcat strikes, and
goldbricking  has far more liberatory promise than the machinations of
"libertarian" politicos and propagandists.
Most work serves the predatory purposes of commerce and coercion and can be
abolished outright. The rest can be automated away and/or transformed  by
the experts, the workers who do it  into creative, playlike pastimes whose
variety and conviviality will make extrinsic inducements like the
capitalist carrot and the Communist stick equally obsolete. In the
hopefully impending meta-industrial revolution, libertarian communists
revolting against work will settle accounts with "Libertarians" and
"Communists" working against revolt. And then we can go for the gusto!
Even if you think everything I've said about work, such as the possibility
of its abolition, is visionary nonsense, the anti-liberty implications of
its prevalence would still hold good. The time of your life is the one
commodity you can sell but never buy back. Murray Rothbard thinks
egalitarianism is a revolt against nature, but his day is 24 hours long,
just like everybody else's. If you spend most of your waking life taking
orders or kissing ass, if you get habituated to hierarchy, you will become
passive-aggressive, sado-masochistic, servile and stupefied, and you will
carry that load into every aspect of the balance of your life. Incapable of
living a life of liberty, you'll settle for one of its ideological
representations, like libertarianism. You can't treat values like workers,
hiring and firing them at will and assigning each a place in an imposed
division of labor. The taste for freedom and pleasure can't be
Libertarians complain that the state is parasitic, an excrescence on
society. They think it's like a tumor you could cut out, leaving the
patient just as he was, only healthier. They've been mystified by their own
metaphors. Like the market, the state is an activity, not an entity. The
only way to abolish the state is to change the way of life it forms a part
of. That way of life, if you call that living, revolves around work and
takes in bureaucracy, moralism, schooling, money, and more. Libertarians
are conservatives because they avowedly want to maintain most of this mess
and so unwittingly perpetuate the rest of the racket. But they're bad
conservatives because they've forgotten the reality of institutional and
ideological interconnection which was the original insight of the
historical conservatives. Entirely out of touch with the real currents of
contemporary resistance, they denounce practical opposition to the system
as "nihilism," "Luddism," and other big words they don't understand. A
glance at the world confirms that their utopian capitalism just can't
compete with the state. With enemies like Libertarians, the state doesn't
need friends.

@_date: 2001-12-15 05:24:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: creeping socialist communism 
[Tom Uren on a trip to japan by the head of the returned soldiers league.]
I'm talking about the militarists, the crimes they committed and the atrocities they committed -- should be taught in the education system to the young people.
TONY JONES: He said today specifically this was an opportunity to send a direct message to the Japanese that they should be educating their young people about those atrocities committed by their own military during World War II.
Is this the right way to do it, though?
TOM UREN: Yes, he should be given support and credit.
I don't know about going to the controversial war memorial that he went to because, after all, there's a lot of controversy even in Japan itself whether or not they should go to those shrines.
That's probably one of the question marks.
TONY JONES: Let's focus on that just for a moment.
This was a war memorial commemorating the Japanese dead.
Is it wrong to honor the fallen enemy?
TOM UREN: Yeah, well, I mean the thing is that the enemy -- even though we didn't recognize the cruelty of them -- but it really came from the leadership down.
I think that's, I hope, a thing of the past.
I mean, the crimes they committed were in fact within Australia.
People ask me, you know, to talk about what the Japanese did and I said, "It's indescribable".
TONY JONES: Let's take this question of attitudes, though, because one of the things that Major General Phillips is done is, in a sense, he's turned the argument on its head.
He said today, "This is a great opportunity to have our veterans think through this issue".
Is that what it is?
Is it time for vete7ans to rethink their attitudes toward the Japanese?
TOM UREN: Well, I think that as far as I'm concerned, there's a difference between the Japanese people and the Japanese militarists.
It's the militarists that I don't think are the ones that are still really stopping the history of Japan to be unfolded to their younger people.
That's my differences there.
TONY JONES: Let me ask you this, though, do you understand your fellow veterans, your comrades who were prisoners of war?
Do you understand why many of them will never forgive, will continue to hate, and that they transfer that hatred through generations to all Japanese?
TOM UREN: No, they've got that feeling and they find it very hard to forgive.
On the other hand, there are many of us that, in fact, have forgiven.
I mean, Weary Dunlop was just one example.
TONY JONES: How do you come to do that after the things that happened?
TOM UREN: Well, I served with Weary for 1.5 years, and if you asked what I thought of the Japanese in the first 2.5 years when I was a prisoner of war with them, I would have exterminated them from the planet.
But the last year of the war I spent in Japan, particularly the first nine months at a place called Saganosaki.
I worked with old Japanese, with a kindness.
We were doing shiftwork and after we'd finish, we'd go into a communal bath and work together.
And when we couldn't speak their language and they couldn't speak ours, the old body language came over.
I found myself, the only Red Cross parcel I got, I found myself sharing it with some of my workmates who were Japanese because they were starving the same way we were.
TONY JONES: We're going to have to leave it there.
Thanks very much for sharing that with us.
TOM UREN: I just want to say one thing.
There's no progress in hate.
Really, I believe in progress.
TONY JONES: Thanks for joining us tonight.
TOM UREN: Thank you.
"weary" Dunlop.Sir Edward Weary Dunlop was a surgeon in the Australian Army during World War Two.
Former prisoner of War, Bill Griffiths is among the many who owe their lives to Weary.
The Japanese planned to kill him.
What use is a disabled man, it was argued.
Weary stepped in front of the bayonets and refused to move until Bill's life was spared.
A habit of keeping track of the war via a hidden wireless also landed Weary in the firing line.
"I got handcuffed around a tree, my tummy exposed to four bayonets and a countdown. Things were pretty grim." Weary ended up being tortured instead ... but the experience only made him more defiant.
The aussie's egalitarianism arguably led to better survival rates than the class obsessed brits who died like flies.
It led Uren ,who later joined the labor party and became a minister ,to say that,"In the camps we were all socialists"
Weary who was always on the conservative side of politics (the liberal party in au) actually went further when he said,"In the camps we were all

@_date: 2001-12-15 07:23:12
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Grand Theft Crypto. 
Grand Theft Crypto.
Grand theft crypto is an F-box game engine from the the underground game crew that bought you
president evil,castle wolfensen,plane murder and doctor rat.In stores for Christmas the game
is a combination role-playing first peon shooter in a close but separate reality.Some revolutionary
software has been stolen by the last empire,a military/industrial combine thats taking over the
planet.Targeting dissidents and code rebels stormtroopers of the empire are similar to 1st generation
OSD robocops while high up positions in the empire have been favoured by players in field tests,
the survival and resistance tactics and strategy of the rebels win over longer term players as
they delve into the multi-verse world of 2006.Ricomended.

@_date: 2001-12-15 09:32:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: No subject 
Peter Trei  sent  >>mattd is still a newbie to this list. He will eventually learn that the title of the list: 'cypherpunks' tells nothing about the views of list subscribers, which range widely. In particular, he will learn that participation in the list does not imply acceptance of any particular stance, attitude, or agenda towards crypto, stego, or government or lack thereof. The only thing which can really be said about subscribers in general is that they think crypto is worth discussing.
  > Your fellow PUNK for ANARCHY,mattd. >
  You are not my fellow. I am not a punk. Since no one here even agrees what anarchy is, it's incorrect for you to assume that anyone agrees on that, either. Peter Trei <<
Im a newbie to a list titled cypherpunks,not Punk does imply something whatever you say.To accept lies,propaganda and self delusional CALC,would be fatal for this list.The natural selection of good ideas will sort this all out,let the rivers flow red.
You are not my fellow now;So?.Not that I want you for my fellow or asked you,I was talking to declan,there still may be hope for him.I also dont just write for those neutral,balanced,objective,scientific,cleareyed,lucid,rational pragmatists such as
your good self.I have to account for the foul,creepy vermin of so called law enforcement and possible data miners from the year 2010.ie.Posterity. If crypto-anarchy is as big as I think its going to be this list will be hirstorically significant.

@_date: 2001-12-15 09:34:14
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re: How do you sleep?  
Peter Trei sent >>mattd is still a newbie to this list. He will eventually learn that the title of the list: 'cypherpunks' tells nothing about the views of list subscribers, which range widely. In particular, he will learn that participation in the list does not imply acceptance of any particular stance, attitude, or agenda towards crypto, stego, or government or lack thereof. The only thing which can really be said about subscribers in general is that they think crypto is worth discussing.
 > Your fellow PUNK for ANARCHY,mattd. >
You are not my fellow. I am not a punk. Since no one here even agrees what anarchy is, it's incorrect for you to assume that anyone agrees on that, either. Peter Trei <<
Im a newbie to a list titled cypherpunks,not Punk does imply something whatever you say.To accept lies,propaganda and self delusional CALC,would be fatal for this list.The natural selection of good ideas will sort this all out,let the rivers flow red.
You are not my fellow now;So?.Not that I want you for my fellow or asked you,I was talking to declan,there still may be hope for him.I also dont just write for those neutral,balanced,objective,scientific,cleareyed,lucid,rational pragmatists such as
your good self.I have to account for the foul,creepy vermin of so called law enforcement and possible data miners from the year 2010.ie.Posterity. If crypto-anarchy is as big as I think its going to be this list will be hirstorically significant.

@_date: 2001-12-15 09:54:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer  
Birdbrain nescio plops>>Declan McCullagh has been producing a one-sided Well he's a prime CALC suspect.Ill grant you that.
 >>everything the pornographer says is taken as gospel
Corn patch moving violation? Tim? anyone?
 >>the police are filthy liars.
Season with a little truth as garnish
 >>McCullagh's twisted narrative
On Cato yes.sadly.
 >>Missing from this tidy story is the cost-benefit analysis from the part of the evil policeman. He has supposedly committed a felony that could lead to decades in prison, just to avoid the difficulty of handing the computer back with an apology, which happens all the time in police work.
Im suspecting NN as filth now,he's dirtier than 'Faustine". The standard of police work gets exposed sometimes like the OJ  fuckup. They've not  handed back my computer yet,either.This particular policeman sounds like 'Maniac cop' to me.
Bad lieutenant.
 >>Smears,classic cointelpro coin of the realm.Agent nomen nescio crawls out into the light.no name nsacia.Slime.

@_date: 2001-12-15 12:53:14
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: My week in Manila:Dial M for Mayhem. 
Dial M for Mayhem
Abduction,melodrama and murder: Just another week in "Arroyo's greater Arrive at the Hyatt Regency in Manila and find a sign saying,"Absolutely no firearms permitted
in the hotel lobby."Cast your mind back to central America 15 years ago.Smell of desperation,
smell of fear,smell of desperate basket case.The start of a sobering week in depressionville.
It begins with the announcement in mondays papers that the communist new peoples armies killed
18 govt soldiers in an ambush.Next day,Nur misuari,the former Moro National Liberation Front
leader,has abandoned his commitment to a 1996 peace treaty and launched a military attack in
Mindanao in which 100 die.
These appalling headlines certainly make Manila an edgy place for the most heavily comped scribbler.
Its the madness and the melodrama inside city limits that tip the most phlegmatic over the edge.
The combination,spanish machismo and American gun culture gives new meanings to "scary","wild",
and "violent."Day 3 in Metro sees a senior official of Comelec the govt body that runs elections,
gunned down in her car in the middle of the downtown business district.Straightaway,and with
no worries about libel,rules of evidence or the presumption of innocence,the press IDs another
Comlec official with whom she was having a dispute as prime suspect.
The city was already hypnotised and agog with the court spectacle in the murder case of the
screen goddess,Nida Blanca.An alleged professional hitman confessed he had been hired to kill
Blanca by her husband.This took the form of a screaming,crying and fainting performance that
was then retracted,exonerating the husband,and going on to accuse the police of torture.
When the violencia is not so much melodramatic as just plain crazy-like the man who was killed
for an appalling Karaoke performance.The cities karaoke bars had been removing "My Way"from
the playlists as it provoked so many disputes.
Manila has been dubbed the kidnap capital of Asia.Trad targets are the children of chinese
businesspeople.The families normally pay a lot of money and dont expect much help from the
police.The trend is now beyond the chinese,this reflects hard economic times and a general
breakdown of law and order.Much kidnappings now widely believed involve serving or former
members of the military and police.Now even mestizo Filipinos of moderate wealth take armed
bodygaurds on their morning constitutionals in their walled and gated suburbs.
The subject is fascinating in that some kidnappers now sub-contract,snatching someone to resell
to a bigger outfit in order to mark up the ransom several orders of magnitude and muddy the trail.
While the philippines suffered the greatest thief in known human hirstory with ferdinand Marcos,
it recovered slowly up till fresh disaster struck in the form of hurricane Erap.The full catastrophe
once more until he was finally thrown out.The only irony of this plundering hack actors demise
is the realisation that the only thing he did moderately well was keep a lid on the Manila pressure
cooker.Conspiracy theorists,of which there are a superabundance,say Eraps 'tough guy',police
chief,"Ping"Lascon,swapped bribes with the organized crimelords to accomplish just that.
Expanded graft opportunities arose for both in other parts of the economy.Its hard to convey
just how obssed Manila is with rumour.Everyone's constantly fiddling with their cellphones.
They send more and receive more text messages than anywhere else in the world.Mobs are rioting,
attacks on foreign enclaves are imminent,the next coups just begun,Ping will be dictator,any thing
and everything fuels the e-mail rumour mills.The 'end of hirstory'is not a concept expected to gain
much traction in this city that seems to be being imagined by a cyberpunk

@_date: 2001-12-15 13:36:12
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: bin Laden tape reliability  
>>Perhaps, but I'll take the position it's real until more evidence appears to the contrary. Peter Trei
Agreed,I too was surprised by the implosions.Long live USAMA BIN LADEN,VIVA! Death to the fascist snakes of...etc.
 From a previous post by peter trei.
 >>participation in the list does not imply acceptance of any particular stance, attitude, or agenda towards crypto, stego, or government or lack thereof. The only thing which can really be said about subscribers in general is that they think crypto is >>worth discussing.
You might enjoy  and as Tim said way back round 97,"We'll know we've succeeded when by our
direct action we are regarded as terrorists." (rough quote)

@_date: 2001-12-15 14:20:32
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Weasls ripped my flesh 2 
>>It's possible that mattd is actually Gary Hart sans charisma.
Thanks weasl,thanks a hell of a lot.You just blew me out of the water. Yes I am and I beg the Office of homeland security
to immediately begin the crypto-pedo blitz.Its the only way to dampen crypto-anarchy and avoid massive future shock.
DO IT TOM,DO IT NOW!

@_date: 2001-12-15 15:35:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re: bin Laden tape reliability  
jya>>To mattd, if you've got emit stuff about *illing the *rez, be sure to post a real world contact address for those who want to take you up on it. UBL might want to send a few bucks.
This is the real world.Right here,right now.The pile is about to go critical.I hope those warez raids were a warm up.
In ancien regime france the body of the king was sacred.A subject that approached to close risked having their skin ripped off in a messy public execution.Theres a detailed description of one in the recent book,"Europe" (a hirstory book)
The situationists wanted to extend the concept of the sanctity of louis's person to everyone in france.(no global strategy)
Absolutist nonsense like 'protected person/s got the chop in France.It should also in your fair land as I pledge 100 us $
to be pooled with others and paid to the closest guess,made anonymously here or at  or any no.
of BBS that are one step ahead of the donut munching flatfeet.This guess being the closest as to the permanent retirement from politics of one arbusto E Nueman.Greasy oil money is as good as anyones.If UBL chips in he may ease
off on the meteorite's,I assume he will want to stay anonymous.As national borders are not even speed bumps Im safe in
saying KILLTHEPRESIDENT till the roo's come home even if rick walkinshaw knows where I live.FUCK the SS,FUCK BUSH and FUCK your SHITTY CRAPHOLE KUNTRY.luv you jya and say hi to deb,did she get my note?

@_date: 2001-12-15 21:18:23
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: My week in Madness:Dial P for plagiarist  
That piece was a gonzo rip off of one in one of those 'flick through and flingem',weekend supplements.It had a phat jpg of a DoCoMo style cellphone with a wicked little 'kidnapped' SMS graphic.Reminded me of my assasinphone that ticks over like  a jeepney meter with pooled pledges.
Thanks greg sheriden,asia hack for rupert murdoch.I jazzed it up a little between sips of long island tea.Murdoch reckons satellites are hazardous to the health of totalitarian regimes,btw.Wonder what he thinks of AP.(1$ anyone?)
It pays to get your news from independant media these days,I think.I buy the dead tree versions for tv/computer guides
and weekend magazines/lit crits.3 times a week.Mindanao hey? We got a little international terrior conspricy goen here!
Whats the position of roe v wade there? Right to choose?
I heard Catholic G.Arroyo's opposed to divorce.
Shurley som mishtake.

@_date: 2001-12-15 21:42:16
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: OSD: Reputations R us 
Rust never sleeps;Reputations by inference,negative inference.As an experiment Id like to ask ya'all to pledge
any amount up to 10 $ to predict the retirement from the list of your least fave poster's
eg.I, anonymous samoan attorney,pledge 1 $ to see that nasty little weasl guy get his just desserts.
1$ to put jamesd out of his misery...and so on,say 4$ each on faustine and At least as reliable as doling out high ratings and possibly less chance of  error.We're often more honest in our visceral hatreds aren't we? These negative ratings would float and give a rough guesstimate for newbies as to the pariahs here.
Operation soft drill...we don't just kill people...we vouch for them and guarantee them with RUST. (RusTechnology)

@_date: 2001-12-16 12:58:12
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tailgunner jamesd 
A particularly powerful article by Robert Fisk on > his beating in Afghanistan. > >  It is obvious they did not beat him enough. Let us hope they do it again, and the next time do a proper job of it. For example he still has his eyes. If they took out his eyes, he could see >>better than he does now. --digsig James A. Donald
Fisk is one of those rare beasts,a truthful journalist.Declan could learn from the fisks,pilgers,hunter s thomsons and danny casoleros of this world when he's not greasing up to the cato crowd.Maybe if we removed declans eyes with the old soft drill.
Jamesd meet jamesk,on this day...1953 -- Veteran James Kutcher, who lost both his legs
in WWII, informed his disability was being cut of due
to his membership in the Socialist Workers Party.
Happy now?

@_date: 2001-12-16 17:06:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Terrifying GWB 
The shrub-putin puppet show was saved by a rainstorm,my sources in chiapas tell me.The nuclear tipped scud on the burro drawn mobile launcher couldn't get a lock on target.Its a fairly high kiloton yield but theres only one bullet.So better luck next time campanero's.St Petersburg rang and plan some hannsen files and microsoft source code release's.Blows against the empire continue on another mindblowing front with a possible 'crack of the century' in the offing.We live in inneresting times.Stock up on fake ID's and uniforms.This could be the one.

@_date: 2001-12-16 17:22:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer  
>>fellow officers protested and declared a work "slowdown." The union was all for it. Don't look for a fast response from 911 calls, I guess, if you live in certain Maryland suburbs of DC.
Guess they wont find chandra levy anytime soon.A cop in sydney the other day ,admitted to stealing large sums and dealing drugs quite routinely then blushed a little as he recounted how he'd sold his badge once to a drug dealer.
All vic drug squads have been told to resign and reapply.The union's considering their options.

@_date: 2001-12-16 19:32:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tailgunner jamesd  
>>> Fisk is one of those rare beasts,a truthful journalist.
 >>I was filled with rage when I read him piously declare that he understands why they're angry and doesn't hold it against them at all.
Doesn't seem to take much does it jimmy?,communal,libertarian socialists pick that up on subtle signals from you.{ I vigorously  declare that Im sorry the 4th plane didnt wipe out the W/house.or Congress/rest of  >> Such saintly piety reminds me of Heng Samrin. --digsig James A. Donald
Hengs famous for that , I guess.What a journo! Sure you dont mean Wilfred B?
All roads led into a morass,in my days.
Words gave us away to the executioner.
There was little I could do.yet our rulers
would have been happier without me,I hoped
Thus passed the time
allotted to me on this earth.
"For those born after us",by Bertolt Brecht.

@_date: 2001-12-17 09:32:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Who's on first? 
Your taxes at work dept; Massive increases in Humint and NSA,etc.2002  >>the intelligence community has got to be better focused on strategic intelligence and better positioned to be able to get access to so-called plans and intentions, that is, what is going on in the minds of the evil-doers, the mischief makers, in order to prevent the crisis. We do not want to be just great at sweeping up after the tragedy; we want to stop the tragedy before it happens<<
Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad of Malaysia said that the United States has been learning from his country how to combat terrorism and that the West, which once accused him of trampling on human rights, now is following "It's no good taking action after the crime," Mr. Mahathir said. "We have to act in anticipation, and not in the usual manner, because having to find proof of a crime which has not yet been committed is difficult." Timmy preserve us!
 >>Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.<<
Or,when we get called evil-doers,mischief makers and/or pedophile pornographers? A Chinese guy just pulled 4 years for a post re.Tienamin square.As crypto winters getting nippy I suggest a pre-emptive strike.Soft drill fort detrick,anyone theres fair game.No jury would convict.

@_date: 2001-12-17 10:31:11
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Terrortorial:Mc Donalds bombed,Reactor hijacked,Intenational 
The latest in a series of bombings in China has killed one person and injured 30.
The explosion ripped through a McDonald's outlet in the western city of Xi'an at the weekend. The blast, timed for the evening meal rush-hour at 6.30pm, has been blamed on "international terrorism".
  The story of Mark and Jacqueline Hinchcliffe is so dark, so bleak, and at times so vile, as to be almost unimaginable. What's extraordinary is that we know it from their own mouths, because in the months leading up to the killing of Wright, Perth detectives were legally intercepting calls on Mark Hinchcliffe's mobile phone.
International terrorists have just stormed a nuclear reactor in breaking news out of sydney au today.Full report on this and mass civil disobedience/sabotage in au to follow.Also a massive black economy is developing in OZ,similar to UK's.

@_date: 2001-12-17 12:01:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tailgunner jamesd and the year of the rat. 
1976 -- Jamesd, a goose that lived to 49 years
8 months, dies returning from the evening meal.
His last mortal
words: "I'm stuffed."
1983 -- Columnist Lars-Erik Nelson after checking the
citations on all 434 Congressional Medal of
Honor awarded during World War II, reveals that not one
of them matches the story acting
President Reagan told the other day. "It's not true,"
writes Nelson.
Responds Reagan's man, Larry Speakes,
"If you tell the same story five times, it's true."
1998 -- Author William Gaddis dies.
The day on which a libidinal American President,
counting the hours before his impeachment, launched
yet another series of bomb attacks on an Iraqi population
already unconscionably squeezed & starved, America's
most proficient satirist died....
2000 -- US: The president of the Florida Holocaust
Museum recently noted that George W. Bush's
grandfather derived a portion of his personal fortune
through his affiliation with a Nazi-controlled bank.
John Loftus, a former prosecutor in the Justice
Department's Nazi War Crimes Unit, said
his research found that Bush's grandfather
was a principal in the Union Banking Corp.
in the late 1930s & the 1940s.
That money flows into American politics today,
he said, from "a series of multinational corporations
behaving like pirates. They don't care about ideology;
they care about money."
"That's where the Bush family fortune came from:
It came from the Third Reich," Loftus said.
"The streets are safe in Philadelphia,
it's only the people who make them
 Frank Rizzo, Philadelphia
Police Chief, Resident Philosopher
URLS on breaking au news...above's from
Biker's blues
Reactor rats.

@_date: 2001-12-17 13:13:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: ATTN.JYA. 
Operation Soft Drill.Website.
A website is under development and construction in the wildnets.Expressions of interest invited from   addicts.
Site shall have the names of prominent criminals such as Somoza,Shah P,Marcos, W.Colby,Mountbattan and so on,all crossed out.
  Visitors to the site may vote as to who's next.The name with the most votes going to the top of the list.Site will list Quad anon surfing and sending advice and crypto download sites as well as links to various quality anarchist pages.
"Whoever places their hand on me to govern me is a usurper and tyrant.I declare them my enemy." PJ Proudon.

@_date: 2001-12-17 13:45:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Anarchy in the UK. 
Police chief volunteers for the soft drill.
Henry McDonald, Ireland editor
Sunday December 16, 2001
The Observer
The police chief at the centre of the row over the Omagh bombing last night launched a savage attack on 'highly unreliable' informants who claimed the RUC had ignored advance warnings of an attack.
In his first newspaper interview since the controversy began, Sir Ronnie Flanagan - who had said publicly he would 'commit suicide' if allegations of incompetence were proved.
The coming crypto-pedo crackdown.
Martin Bright, home affairs editor
Sunday December 16, 2001
The Observer
Senior police officers last night called for powers to lock up dangerous paedophiles without charge to avoid a repeat of the Sarah Payne murder case.
Sir John Stevens, the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, believes that the authorities should have the power to 'section' high-risk paedophiles in the same way as schizophrenics can be removed from the community for treatment if they are judged a serious risk to themselves or More on... The dickheads are getting desperate as JOG might say.

@_date: 2001-12-17 14:00:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Sebald-Shor synchronicities 
>>It's rare to read a book that isn't comparable to any others that I've read. Sebald covers every topic imaginable as we walk with him through Suffolk -- from Darwinism, to Borges, to Leopold's Congo, to herring fishing. This all occurs from taking small steps through Sufflok, and by noticing the details of everything that surrounds him, and by showing how everything is connected. I really think that Sebald has created a new kind of philosophy with this book; it's part existentialism, part metaphysical, and totally unique. Rings of Saturn review at Amazon.
 >>In her book "Reading in Detail: Aesthetics and the Feminine" (Methuen, 1987), she argued that men, in taking the universal view, have historically tended to de-emphasize the importance of details. She suggested that details were considered ornamental or mundane, and as such, were deemed women's stuff.
But at the same time, theorists like Jacques Derrida, the French philosopher whom Dr. Schor knew and interpreted in her writings, were coming to consider traditional visions of universal truth irrelevant. To them, the truth was in the meaning of details.
"Does the triumph of detail signify a triumph of the feminine with which it has long been linked?" she asked. "Or has the detail achieved new prestige by being taken over by the masculine, triumphing at the very moment when it ceases to be associated with the feminine?"
She relentlessly challenged conventional understanding in her teaching and writing as well as in a feminist journal she helped found in 1989 at the Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women at Brown University. Even the name of the journal  "differences: A Journal of Feminist Cultural Studies"  reflects her idiosyncratic outlook. She suggested putting the "s" in italics to make people think. (The lowercase "d" was chosen by graphic designers.)
"She had this amazing way of making the familiar look unfamiliar," said Elizabeth Weed, the other founding editor.
Dr. Schor was born on Oct. 10, 1943, in Manhattan. Her father, Ilya, was a painter, goldsmith and artist of Judaica. Her mother, Resia, was also an artist. They had fled from Poland to Paris to escape the Nazis, eventually reaching New York, by way of Lisbon, on Dec. 3, 1941. From nyt piece on the passing of naomi shor.Devils in the detail.

@_date: 2001-12-17 15:11:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Intro to Cypherpunks  
Dear visitor,may I offer my intro without risk of intruding? I fear you may not be able to
make yourself understood by the worthy ape who presides over this website.In fact he speaks
nothing so much as double dutch,so unless you authorize me to intercede for you he wont guess
what you want to talk about.
There,I dare hope he understood me,that nod must mean he yields to my arguments.He is making
haste with prudent deliberation.You are lucky he didn't grunt.When he refuses to someone,he
merely grunts.No one insists.Being master of ones moods is the privilege of the larger animals.
Now I shall withdraw,fellow surfer,happy to have been of any help.Ill stay a while with you if
you like,we're all the same here.Yes? Well then lets share a cleansing ale What's that? His silence is deafening,you say,your absolutely right,its deafening like a primeval
forest,heavy with threats.His business, such as it is,is entertaining surfers of all nations
who come here,who knows why.With such duties you'd think there might be some fear that his
ignorance could be awkward.Like a cro-magnon man top the tower of babel he should be out of his
element.Yet this one's unconscious of all that.He goes his own sweet way and nothing touches him.
One of the rare sentences I've heard from his mouth proclaimed that you could take it or leave it.
Take or leave what? No doubt our friend.
I am drawn to such creatures that are all of one piece.Everyone I know that's studied humanity is irresistibly led to nostalgia for the primates,at least they have no ulterior motives.Our  host does have some though they
are well hidden.As a result of not understanding what's said in his presence,he's adopted that
distrustful disposition.See that look of touchy dignity as if he at least suspected that all
is not perfect among us.That disposition makes it difficult to discuss much with him that doesn't
affect capitalism.I also blame society as you can see from perusing the archives a little.
Societies police spoilt the simple frankness of his nature.Mind you I'm not judging him,I consider
his mistrust perfectly justified and would share it wholeheartedly if I were not talkative by
nature,In fact I should end this conversation now before we talk all night.See you soon?
OK. Later.

@_date: 2001-12-17 15:26:58
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: I want robb London DEAD! I want his family DEAD! 
The above subject line is a crudely inserted attempt to entrap famous aussi cypher-terrorist,suspected pedophile,shoplifter,piethrower and international arms trafficker,
This was done by the victorian police who lied to gain entry to taylors home,stole his dell cs latitude and threatened
to charge him with threatening the chief commissioner,attending demonstrations and being an anarchist.

@_date: 2001-12-17 15:42:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Listen up you federal piles of FUCKING DOG SHIT! 
All low federal,state or fucking martians surving this site are given fair If from this day forth you continue to spy on this site with malicious intent then it will come out and I may not be able to save you.Your freezedried motherfuckers,LAY the FUCK OFF!

@_date: 2001-12-17 20:45:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Paranoia runs deepThe CATO McCullogh letters. 
>>Extract...during a CATO-sponsored forum on Iraq Wednesday.
The forum's other expert, former CIA Director James Woolsey, favored action against Iraq, but only if the United States accomplished certain objectives Woolsey said the United States would first have to destroy Iraq's somewhat extensive air defenses, so American and coalition aircraft would have control of the skies. "If we did that successfully, the Republican Guard or any other Iraqi divisions, the loyalty of which in the latter case is extremely doubtful as far as Saddam is concerned, but even the Republican Guard, about half-strength of what it was in 1991, has no place to hide," he said.
The former CIA director said the United States would need essentially only one ally  Turkey  for use of its airbases in >>attacks against Iraq.<<End Turkey is an authoritarian police state and united snakes puppet.It recently jailed 6 anarchists for handing out leaflets.
So called 'libertarian' think tank CATO is  linked to cypherpunk regular declan mccullogh.He may be a mole.Who for?
"I suspect no one yet I
suspect everyone".CI.Clouseu.

@_date: 2001-12-17 20:59:16
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: No subject.no verbal. 
Keyser Sose>>
 >>That's why a functional AP system and widespread publication of the personal information of justice and LE employees is essential.
For who may have transgressed and fear that late nite no-knock its essential to supply these unwanted visitors with a one way ticket to the happy hunting grounds.  Claymores and far IR trip sensors are soooo good.  If you're 'gona do time you >>might as well do THE crime!
Hear Hear! Where is our PROMIS ? Our nuremburg websites? Operation soft drill appeals to massive civil disobedience?
Rise like Lions after slumber
In unvanquishable number -
Shake your chains to earth like dew
Which in sleep had fallen on you -
Ye are many - they are few.

@_date: 2001-12-17 21:09:32
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban.This is not a job.Its an adventure! 
> I am seriously considering to fund printing of inet-one digest in
 > local newspaper/rag that CJ can pick up. On a weekly basis.
Extract>> I'd like to see if pigs will dare fuck him for reading newspapers.
Interesting.  Even more interesting would be to get cooperation of the
paper's editor on the project: (1) avoid paying full price for the
space, (2) gain a free-speech ally.
 > Any pointers to local papers appreciated.
Here's a little list from google.
Listed below are general newspapers in the Seattle area.
      1   King County Journal (multiple locations)
      2   Puget Sound Business Journal (Seattle / Eastside)
      3   Seattle Daily Journal of Commerce (Seattle)
      4   Seattle Post-Intelligencer (Seattle - Combines ads with the Seattle Times)
      5   Seattle Press, The (Seattle)
      6   Seattle Times - (Seattle - Combines ads with the Seattle       7   Seattle Weekly, The (Seattle)
      8   Stranger, The (Seattle)
      9   Today's Careers (Pacific Northwest)
Some corresponding URLs
      1         2         3         8     >>    9   End ex.
Another workaround would be to CC CJ and 'channel' any 'imaginings' of his here like 'the front'
Ill send him this now at... sonofgomez709 at nospam.yahoo.com

@_date: 2001-12-17 21:42:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban.This is not a job.Its an adventure!, jya. 
jya>>I don't recall the rationale used by the USPO to forbid CJ from posting to cypherpunks. Anybody know the answer to that?
Faustine? Nomen?
 >>I can see the spite value, but what harm could possibly come from posting to cypherpunks as distinguished from another mail list? Or does the ban include posting to any mail list.
Like indymedia adelaide or norway IMCs ? The harm could come from AP reaching critical mass.We may be close.It could be DY-NA-MITE!
 >>I read the prohibition against using the Internet for any purpose except research on medical and legal matters, but nothing in the probation conditions about cyperpunks itself. Is that selective ban of cpunks a prelude to Tora Bora-ing the whole shebang?
The best will easily get away,I see a crypto- al qaeda or crypto-pedophile or crypto-laundering feint coming.It should harden our defenses further,expose more of their agents and methods and publicize the gapeing holes in their infrastructure,also terrific for entertainment web journo hacks such as mysELF.
 >>Just what is it about cypherpunks that drives federal officials in the elf-buggering northwest to phantasms of Inquisition, Witch Burning, chasing home-brewed bin Ladens?
They havent been the same since mt st helens.Their best and deepest thinker was a survivalist living nearby in 1980.
Grunge and 1999 spooked the shit out of all the dumb dumbs.Plus the rain and the beast of redmond.(my o.o2c)
 >>Inshallah, they act demon-possessed like christ-fetishist Robert Hanssen
Speaking of that freak,your cryptome link on hims buggered,Ill try opera in a minnie.A lot came out in the WTC trials to help OBL plan doomsday so Ive great expectations for the hanssen trial.The fbi needs exterminating.(hi bobby M)
 >>Speaking of stakeworthy witches, did you see that mad-terrorist
groupie Jessica Stern was featured by Time magazine as one
of the Five Underappreciated Americans?<<
She's welcome downunder anytime,I give good head and I hear she loves 6 thick inches
in the rear.(one point safe)Who was the other one after huei,dewey and loie?
[Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold ]

@_date: 2001-12-18 07:57:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fort Detrius,Agnewville 
Operation soft drill seeks pledges to be pooled and paid for the closest prediction of the permanent retirement of anyone
associated with or having dealings with fort detrick maryland.(my 0.02c)
On this day...1936 -- USSR: In Moscow, Pravda announces that in
Catalonia (Spain), the "cleaning" out of Trotskyites &
the anarcho-syndicalists has already started. Stalin's agents
will carry out these purges:
"As for Catalonia, the purging of Trotskyist &
anarcho-syndicalist elements has begun; this
work will be carried out with the same energy
with which it was done in the USSR."
I find that if I go off my meds and remove tinfoil turban Im able to get a good fix on pugsley...
[EditWhore's Write Note: As per usual, the 'Subject:' header has little or
to do with the actual contents of this missive, but it should be noted that
a HotMail
Baron 2B Flamed Later is unimpressed by efforts of the Fe(de)ral GooberMint
to slam an ElectroMagnetic Curtain down around the Author, and continues to
supply HimOrHerOrIt with CopiousQuantities of Terroroist {<--A Clue, !A
Literature advising HimOrHerOrIt how to Disguise HimOrHerOrItSelf through
the use of a Myriad of Breast&OR&Penis EnlargeMent&OR&EnGorgeMent
[t. Author's Left gNut: It appears that my 'Probation' is subject to the
conditions as my NonExistent AllegedInary Trial--namely, that I be the last
person to know in regard to any developments therein. I appreciate John
Young and Declan McCullagh making an effort to distribute copies of what
is apparently a Probation Report on me to a great enough extent that even
TheLastPersonInTheWorldOnTheDistrubutionChain (Me, eh?) has an
opportunity to peruse it.]
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, December 16, 2001 7:58 PM
 > From: John Young  > Subject: Cypherpunk Ban
 > Date: Sun, 16 Dec 2001 20:20:17 -0800
 > NOV 02 2001
 > United States District Court
 > for the
 > Western District of Washington
 > Report on Offender Under Supervision
 > Name of Offender: Carl Edward Johnson
 > Case Number: CR98-05393
"I don't care what they charge me with, as wrong as they squeal my
gnome write."
~ ? the Platypus
 > Special Conditions Imposed
 > [x] Other: No new credit; all employment shall be subject to
 > approval by the Probation Officer; shall not use the Internet
 > or a modem without the permission of his Probation Officer
 > and shall provide his Probation Officer with the name and the
 > Internet address of his Internet account use; shall not
 > possess or use any computer encryption software or programs,
 > retailers [sic], or anonymizers.
However, the lack of a Unix/Xenix restriction means that I am
permitted to possess Demons, and vice-versa.
 > NONCOMPLIANCE SUMMARY
 > The probation officer believes that Carl Edward Johnson has
 > violated conditions of supervision by:
 > Violation
 > Number Nature of Noncompliance
 > 1. Failing to report the names and addresses of two
 > Internet service providers, in violation of a
 > special condition of supervision.
 > 2. Using the Internet to access the "Cypherpunk"
 > website after being specifically instructed not
 > to use the Internet for this purpose, in violation
 > of standard condition number 3.
 > U.S. Probation Officer Action;
 >
 > On October 18, 2001, this officer received intelligence
 > information which indicated Mr. Johnson was accessing the
 > Internet using two Internet accounts which had not been provided
 > to this officer.
They certainly were provided to the probation officer...by the LEAs who
are easily able to monitor my InterNet activities by virtue of my use
of my REAL SocialSecurityAdministration Issued NAME in connection
with the accounts.
OfCourseOfCourse[TM], I suppose that, technically, my Release Conditions
require that I personally inform my PO immediately upon acquisition of any
new accounts, but realistically, since the Torture and Abuse that I have
suffered at the hands of the Federal Government have left me in such a
debilitated Medical Condition that even remembering to feed myself and
wipe my ass are major projects, it would seem that the same results are
already being attained by my using accounts which are easily identified by
the very same LEAs that my PO would be reporting my use to, anyway.
 >Mr.Johnson was using these accounts to insert
 > himself back into a "Cypherpunk" web site he had been accessing
 > during the instant offense.
Technically wrong, but spiritually correct.
 >During the probation intake with Mr.
 > Johnson on August 20, 2001, he was instructed to use the Internet
 > for the purpose of researching his medical condition and legal
 > matters only, He was specifically instructed not to access
 > the Cypherpunk website.
Uhhh....sez who?
My memory suggests that I specifically pointed out that much of
the evidence in my case resided on CypherPunks archives which
I would need to access.
Beyond that, I don't recall being specifically told not to post to
the list, although I vaguely recall suggesting that I didn't forsee
doing so, except in regard to my legal matters.
DISCLAIMER: OfCourseOfCourse[TM], since *I* am the one who
requires CopiousQuantities [WordOfTheDay: EveryBody SCREAM!!!]
of medications in order to remember to wipe my ass, I would hardly be
so bold as to suggest that I was *not* told to totally refrain from
posting to the CPUNX Disturbed Male LISP...
 > Of particular concern was the content of Mr. Johnson's e-mails,
 > which contained derogatory comments about federal officials.
True, but to make ComplimentaryComments would have involved
Besides, the derogatory comments were in basically the same form
that they will take in my 2255 Motion to the Court, where the truth
is, I understand, required by law.
 >On October 22, 2001, this officer, along with the investigating
 > agent in this matter, conducted an unannounced home visit at
 > Mr. Johnson's residence. Mr. Johnson was asked if he had
 > provided this officer with all Internet accounts he was currently
 > using, to which he stated he had two new accounts he forgot to
 > report to this officer. He accurately provided the account
 > addresses and stated he would not forget in the future.
Not exactly true. I vaguely remembered having gotten a HotMail
email account and provided several approximations of what I
thought the account might be named, at which point the SSAgent
provided *me* with the name of the account, which was
lamer11 at hotmail.com. (Indicating that the LEAs are, in fact,
better qualified to provide my PO with my account information
than I, myself, am...)
 >Mr. Johnson was questioned in regard to his recent postings to the
 > Cypherpunk website after being instructed by this officer not to
 > use the Internet for this purpose. Mr. Johnson became highly
 > agitated at this point, yelling obscenities and banging his fists
 > on the table. After he calmed down, however, Mr. Johnson stated
 > he misunderstood and did not realize he was restricted from going
 > into this site. He further explained that his messages, in regard
 > to federal officials, were simply commentaries to other people's
 > messages. Mr. Johnson was reprimanded for the inappropriate nature
 > of his e-mail messages and again specifically directed not to
 > access the Cypherpunk website or make any postings to that site.
Yeah, I think that is KindaSorta right. As a matter of fact, I recall
asking for something from Probation in writing informing me of any
restrictions on my InterNet activities, but I never got one--not even
a copy of the enclosed 'Probation Report' that everyone else in the
world has seemed to have already read.
However, as a result of John Young and Declan McCullagh's
diligence in getting this important information to me, I have just
deleted the CPUNX Disturbed Male LISPs from my email
address book, and can now add a print out of the 'Probation
Report' to my list of things to carry with me and periodically
read in an effort to remind myself of the current status of my
restrictions on freedom.
 > It is noted that a thorough inspection of Mr. Johnson's residence
 > was conducted during this home visit which did not yield anything
 > unusual.
If it was a thourough inspection, then why was the MountainOfTrash
in my room left undisturbed? (I was hoping THEY [TM] would bag
it and take it away as evidence, but no such luck...)
 > The Probation Office is giving Mr. Johnson the benefit of the doubt
 > when he says he misunderstood this officer's instructions. We will
 > continue to monitor him closely, and are recommending that no
 > further action be taken at this time. Should Mr. Johnson's
 > noncompliant behavior continue, the Court will be immediately
 > notified and further sanctions will be requested.
TRANSLATION: After three years of UnConstitutional Denial of Proper
Medical Care, and SubsequentSubjection to Criminal Torture&OR&Abuse
for exhibiting symptoms of my untreated Medical DisAbilities, it should
come as no surprise to anyone that, absent clear written instructions as
to the limits and restrictions on my InterNet activities and 'Acceptable
Content' regarding my communications, it is unreasonable to expect me
to fulfill sometimes vague and confusing verbal requests or demands.
 > Respectfuly submitted,
 > Lornie G. Vanous
 > Senior U.S. Probation Officer
Lonnie Vanous has, in fact, been very helpful in aiding me in getting
access to medical care and proper medication, for which I am truly
[gNutly gNote From The World's Lamest Conspiracy Theorist:
This, however, may actually be a Clever Ruse to speed my medical
recovery to a point where it will be possible for the Federal Government
to ReHang me without it appearing that THEY[TM] are Punishing me
for being Medically UnFit--due to THEIR[TM] Torture and Abuse--to
meet my Court imposed Release Conditions.]
 > William S. Corn
 > Chief U. S. Probation Officer
 > Catherine E. Sandstrom
 > Supervising U.S. Probation Officer
 > True and correct copies of the attached were mailed by the clerk
 > to the following:
 > Robert Louis Jacob London, Esq.
 > Floyd G Short, Esq.
 > USPO - Tacoma
 > Judge Bryan
This is a list of people who need to be kept updated on information needed
to SendMySorryAssBackToTheSlammer.
OfCourseOfCourse [TM], this information was witheld from the person
most concerned with actually meeting the terms of my release, and *not*
being ThrownBackInTheSlammer. (That's *me*, eh?)

@_date: 2001-12-18 08:37:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Army doubts genetic evidence; calls in OJ lawyers for 
CATO Kaelin? The cato institute is said to be assisting the army in the hunt for the real killer."we suspect radical environmentalists"
As there is at least one person here who has no qualms about killing 'savages',the operation soft drill on OJ Simpson may
appeal.Im prepared to put in 10$ US toward this cypherpunk special project.The cypherpunk justice posse is coming.
Johnnie Cochrane is sueing riverside PDs, officer mark davis, for the cold blooded murder of dante meniefield.Mark was the first killer kop nominated by OSD international.Steven Roach being the next.When Johnnie C has bankrupted them Ill be back for my pound of flesh.Run,marky run.
Anarchy, USA 1966 This documentary presents the civil rights movement as a part of the communist plan for world domination. Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2001-12-18 12:27:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CIA poised for unprecedented involvement in domestic 
AT FIRST FAUSTINE WASN'T SURE ABOUT THIS HUGE DILDO BUT SHE ONLY NEEDED A
LITTLE BIT OF CONVINCING. WE LUBED IT UP WITH HER WET PUSSY AND SHE
WAS BEGGING FOR IT IN HER TIGHT LITTLE ASSHOLE... WE COULDN'T BELIEVE HOW DEEP SHE TOOK IT!
BUT SHE LOVED EVERY INCH AND THEN WANTED MORE!
DO YOU KNOW ANY MORE GIRLS LIKE  FAUSTINE?
I have friends who listen to the cia like police scanners,this is a little old butt I believe she's still a member of good standing
.We learned to be patient observers like the owl. We learned cleverness from the crow, and courage from the jay, who will attack an owl ten times its size to drive it off its territory. But above all of them ranked the chickadee because of its indomitable spirit.

@_date: 2001-12-18 13:19:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: No subject 
>>The prime goal of any legal system is to maximize number of criminals. I'm sure that search of JYA's premises would yield enough stuff for a 100-year sentence, excluding any controlled substances. Each copy of a software program that cannot be substantiated with purchase receipt: 5 years. That incorrect 1998 IRS return where he forgot to include $100 that >>Gordon paid for cryptome CD: 10 years.
Im sure too that were that to happen,cryptomes,cypherpunks and OSDs clickthroughs could take off.It would be a great sign we were on to something.I mean we all know AP is a cheap laugh,washed up,garden variety lunatics like JGordon
take it seriously.BWAAHAHAHAH! The prime goal of OSD will be to minimize the number of criminals starting by putting jeff out of his misery.(my 0.02c) Say goodbye to joshua.KILLTHEPRESIDENTTHEVICEPRESIDENTANTHRAXALLGOVT!
VISAVISAVISA! BURNWACKENHUTBURN!

@_date: 2001-12-18 13:46:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: A women for duty,a boy for pleasure,but a melon for ecstasy 
>>...He pled guilty, agreeing to a plea bargain
There are numerous examples of the plea bargain cosh being bought down heavily on an innocent person.
Its routinely abused as was seen at mike moores sisters home town story on"The awful truth"
By betraying such ignorance of oppression/repression in practise you've earned my consignment to cornhole corner.
Squeal like a pig!
"Theoretically, because violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 have been included in the terrorism crackdown, hackers and spammers could be sentenced to life in prison."

@_date: 2001-12-18 15:08:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers  
>>something similar to 'innocent until proven innocent'. > That's the only defence against 'conspiracy'.
 >> Typical Choate, missing the point. A remailer simply gets sent a message, applies it's decryption key, and sends the contents on to the next address (yes, this type of remailer does not include nice features such as cover traffic). It has no idea if the address it received the message from is a remailer. It has no idea if the address it forwarded the message to is a remailer. It doesn't need to. Chaining is the sender's problem. The point here is that the remailer treats other remailers exactly as it treats source and destination nodes. There is no file on the remailer which says "I'll treat hosts from this list specially". This prevents the remop from having to worry about being sucked into a conspiracy charge for a crime commited by a different remop. He doesn't know, need to know, or want to know what other sites are remailers. He doesn't need to know the other remops, or communicate with them, except to inform the world (not just remops) that 'there is a remailer here." Peter Trei
Oh ye of little faith ,jimmy,jimmy,jimmy.What of the old soft drill attack as the BEST defence?
Peter knows all about section 25,paragraph 18.-"need to know." Thats the beauty of open conspiracy ,operation soft drill,as well and all.
One other thing choaty,please dont drag that nasty creep matt drudge in here,he's stinkin up the page more than Tim on a bad day.
Thanks mate,see ya.yr cobra professor rat. "It's an idiot, not a metaphor."

@_date: 2001-12-18 17:03:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Rinse and Repeat. 
Operation soft drill has a pool of 2$ on richard Armitage.He's suddenly MIA and some quad anon has made a prediction that he's dead.No evidence is presented yet the predictor says they have proof.Is this a set up? Will the great white porker reappear? His 'dad' says he's just gone drinking at the The proof of death problem.A prediction is made yet the deaths in dispute.To save paying on the installment plan a trusted agent might be hired by predictor, The agent has to provide security to the designated pool authority.
Also some locating and identifying identification that stays in remailing motion for several years as insurance.
Regular sting and drug tests to avoid corruption,also cross country support where ever possible aiming for zero knowledge.Something better than the LAPD lab's required.The trusted agent would have to provide state of the art forensic coroners,skills inc DNA as that would be the gold standard. is an extraneous layer to the most simple and optimal KISS solution,yet its one that has other uses in a world more concerned with human rights,crimes against humanity and accountability technology every day.
f0(x) = a0 +a1 x+ <+ am-1 xm-1 is the polynomial
over GF(q) is constructed, and the evidence of death,dna sequence generally, is a0. From the beginning, each user has a point (xi, f0(xi)) with xi 9 0. For the first key refreshment, a new polynomial f1 is constructed from f0. More generally, for the kth key refreshment, a polynomial fk+1 is constructed from fk. The polynomial fk+1 is equal to fk + gk, where gk is a random (m-1)-degree polynomial with gk(0) = 0. After each key refreshment the secret is unchanged, but user i's new secret share is (xi, fk+1(xi)) = (xi, fk(xi) + gk(xi)). An adversary who knows less than m current secret shares at any particular time knows nothing about the evidence.Thanks to RSA for the maths.Kill the president.proffr1 at elf

@_date: 2001-12-18 18:49:07
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban,  
BS >>Assassination-Politics-Quality Anonymity *isn't* available or usable,
I dont believe that you believe *that* Its bollocks anyway rip.
 >>AP-Quality payer-and-payee-anonymous digital cash isn't available,
Op centre's BUMs are.AP in its Operation Soft Drill form protects the switch to e-cash,least thats the plan.rip van.
 >>any discussion of "how could it be used?" or "like, that'd be cool, huh huh!", at least by people who *do* understand the technology and state of its deployment, is strictly speculative philosophical bullshitting, not active conspiracy.
Thanks,Ill be sure to call you as an expert witness.You might consider a career as a journalist or priest as added insurance.Just to be on the  >>Now, it's possible that the Fedz in question really understood this at the time,
I think they did,yet they carried on,thats what Im going to tell joshua.Robb london and jeff gordon deserve to die.
 >>Jim Bell's such a mainstream sympathy-inspiring figure, especially with his alleged history of stink-bombing IRS offices and his alleged paperwork-based harassment of bureaucrats and politicians allegedly with the so-called "common-law court" folks, some of whom allegedly *are* dangerous loons, that in the absence of extemely competent counsel, skilled at not only explaining really obscure technical material to hostile non-techies but also at dealing with seriously uncooperative clients, a conviction was a slam-dunk, so not only does it give them Federal Brownie Points for busting a "dangerous terrorist assassin" and preventing him from doing anything else real, but it serves as a deterrent for future JimBell-Wanabees who *don't* understand that the technology isn't there, and besides, he was in their face, and kept getting in their face after they'd successfully framed him. <<
Lock up all those out of the *mainstream*? Associating with loons? Said the Pot to the kettle.Counsel was sacked.
Obscure technical detail?Like how to use a search engine! WTF! Federal points for spending a small fortune on someone who needed an intervention order,like thousands of others,every day.So he did pull 10 big ones for being a "dangerous terrorist assassin"
In which case this is not *speculative philosophical bullshitting*.at all BS,its something very real and very dangerous to those deluded fools that think they rule us.Make up your fucking mind.It is or it isnt.They are or they aren't.Deterrent seems to have boomeranged on them as they look like keystone Kops for throwing the book at a shadow.Didnt deter CJ,didnt deter me and Iv'e had someone make a 'prediction' already.The publicity jim achieved with tactical brilliance alerted me to AP.How did you hear about it? The technology is right here,right now for AP to be used in its ,"let it all hang out" mode,or,as I like to call it,from the essay,operation *soft drill*.Look around,its here all right,in your face.
Jim gets in the shit covered *face* of the authorities because he's an anarchist.Not a plastic timmy mayboy anarchist but a real flesh and blood anarchist.Are you or have you ever been a *crypto-anarchist*?
 >>Is it likely that Jeff Gordon understood what was real about the tech and was doing this out of pure malice, as opposed to not understanding it and actually believing that Bell was a real threat? I doubt he cared enough about justice that, if he did come to understand that AP wasn't real, that he'd either apologize for his mistake or let it get in the way of an easy It was noticed at the time the clash of interests.Claggart gordon lied about our billy jim budd.For that he should die,soon.
 >>And CJ just kept jumping in the way yelling "Nyahh Nyahh" and looking wacko, and even back before 9/11, furriners didn't have civil rights, and he didn't get the "Oh, he's just Canadian" exception to that, because he was scaring the Canadians too.
Jesus H Christ scared the shit out of the moneychangers and might have hurt a child,actually he was under suspicion of pedophilia so its lucky they nailed him to a tree. Leonard peltier was kidnapped/deported from canada,hell I was.FUCK KANADA,FUCKING FASCIST AMERIKKKAS ASS BUDDIES! If its illegal to scare people,lock up cheney,asscroft and armitage.The whole rotten coup crew.Your real brave taking on people who cant answer back.
 >>I've almost always found the weather in Seattle to be gorgeous, except one or two times that it was also pouring rain here in San Narcisco; maybe I'm just lucky. And Seattlers *smoke* a lot also, and it's always that nasty tobacco stuff, unlike down here :-)
So its true what they say about the long term effects.
 >>But the bigger problems are that they're Fedz, and that they fundamentally don't have much useful work to do,
Not like *me*
 >>there's real hostility to them up there which they respond to in macho-tribal fashion, and face it, if you've got a choice of keeping your job by doing a big dangerous-terrorist bust, would *you* rather go after the real Aryan Nations types, or would you rather go after a Jim Bell or CJ which gets you almost as many Brownie Points without actually being dangerous or requiring serious police work?
Your a sack of wet brownies if you think those bozo's got anything out of it except decreased life expectancy.They are good at wasting taxpayers hardearned.Theres some real AN types on this list too btw,meet Tim May.and my east coast hitman.Some serious dangerous work was done in portland recently,Kudos to my e-mail mate in the PPD.
 >>Sure, your coworkers might know it's a sucker play, but it looks almost as good on the paperwork that goes to Washington, which is good for the budget and your department's reputation, and in return they'll be happy you got this annoyance out of their face, and it's not like they're getting much non-cynical self-respect out of what they're usually doing.
Great insight,sure your not a *fed*? You must be,or else your off your face.Why dont you smell what your shovelling.

@_date: 2001-12-18 20:18:07
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hey! More BS. 
>>Hey, Protestantism gave us the "priesthood of all believers",
and if that's too much work, the ULC will ordain you for $20.
The Internet lets everybody be a journalist, or at least a political Won't be a problem getting either of those jobs :-)
(However, as many people have discovered with acting or Internet startup,
 >>getting a job in the field is easy, but getting a *paying* job is I'm interested in the peyote priesthood.(Im already an entertainment journalist) I do want confessional box privileges.(20c?)
Who needs a paying job and why do *you* do *this*? Protwhateverthefuck sounds like a real drag Maaaaan.
 >>The Internet lets everybody be a journalist, or at least a political You do love to smell your own farts ,dont you. Still it lets everybody be an assassin or at least a *predictor*.
Thanks bill,thanks a hell of a lot.

@_date: 2001-12-18 21:31:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Shockwave Rider 
My tovarich Vulture tells me the 23 kiloton skidoo is in position.The camouflage extends to in-situ radiation!
The only thing to catch this polar scud will be runaway global warming.Get out of Dodge!
she's also angling for the OBL reward and is flying to Egypt to pace out one of the new finds in the valley of the kings.
PS.In case you think she's full of it,scroll some of her *predictions* at This type of jabberwockery must surely wipe out the fascist United States as surely as it wiped out the fascist Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. The views expressed here are mine, and NOT those of my employers, associates, or others. Besides, if it *were* the opinion of all of those people, I doubt there would be a problem to bitch about in the first place...

@_date: 2001-12-19 00:02:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: US Govt Repression of proffr."Possible threat to US security." 
US GOVT SUPRESSES COMPUTER SECURITY INVENTION-"Threat to US security."
Milwaukee-george Davida,proffr at the university of wisconsin at Milwaulkee,faces 2 years in
prison and a 10,000$ fine if he discloses the results of his independent invention a computer
security device.According to the US Commerce Dept,Davidas invention could become a threat to
US security.
According to the university's assistant chancellor,frank Cassell,Davida devaloped "a very simple
machine that solves a big problem,the security of computers,keeping unauthorized persons from
getting into records.
"The whole thing is shocking,"said Cassell,of the Govts intervention."It could mean that every
proffr will live in fear of his research being repressed if someone in the federal govt see's
fit to do so.
              Related Links
Information Security Journal
Financial Cryptography '01
Information Security Conference'01
Research Interests
Cryptography and Data Security
Biometrics Identification

@_date: 2001-12-19 10:54:11
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CIA in NYC 
BACKGROUND.LONGISH.The Best Enemies Money Can Buy
by Michael C. Ruppert 3:25am Wed Dec 19 '01
 From Hitler To Saddam Hussein to Osama bin Laden  Insider Connections and the Bush Familys Partnership with Killers of Americans
The article is very well researched and highly recommended, although a little too long in my opinion. I've read the book referred to in the article below, George Bush, The Unauthorized Biography by Webster G. Tarpley & Anton Chaitkin, and recommend it for anybody who wants to know the truth about George Bush senior.
Please read my published article about the cancer indu$try
"The Cancer Racket"
Thank you and merry Christmas. Gavin Phillips.
The Best Enemies Money Can Buy
 From Hitler To Saddam Hussein to Osama bin Laden  Insider Connections and the Bush Familys Partnership with Killers of Americans
Brown Brothers, Harriman - BNL- and the Carlyle Group
Michael C. Ruppert
Click Here
[) Copyright 2001. All Rights Reserved, Michael C. Ruppert and From The Wilderness Publications,  May be reprinted or distributed for non-profit purposes only.]
FTW, Oct. 9, 2001 - Since the Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, major media powerhouses and the increasingly influential alternative media alike have begun to focus attention on Bush family connections and a long history of arming and financing Americas attackers in the months and years prior to the outbreak of war. Recent stories in the Wall Street Journal (Sept. 27 & 28, 2001), ABC News (Oct. 1, 2001), as well as a host of reports from so-called alternative news sources have begun to focus attention on the Bush familys proffr-making role in creating and arming our enemies.
The following is a more comprehensive look at the documented history of these relationships that will also open some new avenues of inquiry for the press, Congress and the American people.
In a world now filled with biowarfare agents, backpack nuclear devices, and chemical weapons like Sarin gas -- where there are people in many countries with reasons to oppose the United States -- the Bush Administration is following predictable strategies in a way that redefines the concept of brinksmanship. Human survival may depend upon the will and the ability of both the Congress and the press to focus on these relationships and to take appropriate action. Moreover  and I am not the first to say this  if a national security priority is to seize the financial assets of those who support terrorists, then perhaps we should start right here at home.
--- Adolph Hitler Meticulous research, including U.S. government records from the era, along with contemporaneous news stories from the New York Times and other papers is presented in the 1992 book entitled, George Bush, The Unauthorized Biography by Webster G. Tarpley & Anton Chaitkin, Published by The Executive Intelligence Review and located at  The following is sourced entirely from Chapter II of this essential work. [Note: Although FTW does not always agree with conclusions reached by the Executive Intelligence Review, or its founder Lyndon La Rouche, we have never found a single flaw in any of their factual research. History is history, no matter who presents it. And this history is essential to understanding our era.]
George W. Bushs grandfather, Prescott Bush, was the Managing Director of the investment bank Brown Brothers, Harriman from the 1920s through the 1940s. It was Brown Brothers, in conjunction with Averell Harriman, the Rockefeller family, Standard Oil, the DuPonts, the Morgans and the Fords who served as the principal funding arm in helping to finance Adolph Hitlers rise to power starting in 1923. This included direct funding for the SS and SA channeled through a variety of German firms. Prescott Bush, through associations with the Hamburg-Amerika Steamship line, Nazi banker Fritz Thyssen (pronounced Tee-sen), Standard Oil of Germany, The German Steel Trust (founded by Dillon Read founder, Clarence Dillon), and I.G. Farben, used the Union Bank Corporation to funnel vast quantities of money to the Nazis and to manage their American interests. The profits from those investments came back to Bush allies on Wall Street. Thyssen is universally regarded as having been Hitlers private banker and ultimate owner of the Union Bank Corporation.
Early support for Hitler came from Prescott Bush through the Hamburg-Amerika Steamship line -- also funded by Brown Bothers -- that funneled large sums of money and weapons to Hitlers storm troopers in the According to Tarpley and Chaitkin, In May 1933, just after the Hitler regime was consolidated, an agreement was reached in Berlin for the coordination of all Nazi commerce with the U.S.A. The Harriman International Company was to head a syndicate of 150 firms and individuals, to conduct all exports from Hitler Germany to the United States.
Furthermore, a 1942 U.S. government investigative report that surfaced during 1945 Senate hearings found that the Union Bank, with Prescott Bush on the board, was an interlocking concern with the German Steel Trust that had produced:
- 50.8% of Nazi Germanys pig iron
- 41.4% of Nazi Germanys universal plate
- 36% of Nazi Germanys heavy plate
- 38.5% of Nazi Germanys galvanized sheet
- 45.5% of Nazi Germanys pipes and tubes
- 22.1% of Nazi Germanys wire
- 35% of Nazi Germanys explosives
The business relationships established by Bush in 1923 continued even after the war started until they became so offensive and overt as to warrant seizure by the U.S. government under the Trading with the Enemy Act in 1942.
In 1942, Under the Trading with the Enemy Act, the government took over Union Banking Corporation, in which Bush was a director. The U.S. Alien Property Custodian seized Union Banking Corp.s stock shares
 all of which shares are held for the benefit of members of the Thyssen family, [and] is property of nationals of a designated enemy country.
On October 28, the government issued orders seizing two Nazi front organizations run by the Bush-Harriman bank: the Holland-American Trading Corporation and the Seamless Steel Equipment Corporation.
Nazi interests in the Silesian-American Corporation, long managed by Prescott Bush and his father in law George Herbert Walker, were seized under the Trading with the Enemy Act on Nov. 17, 1942 These seizures of Bush businesses were reported in a number of American papers including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal.
Prescott Bush went on to become an influential Republican Senator from Connecticut who went on to be a regular golfing partner of President Dwight Eisenhower. His attorneys were the lawyers John Foster and Allen Dulles, the later became the CIA Director under Eisenhower.
Saddam Hussein
After becoming President in January 1989, Prescott Bushs son, George Herbert Walker Bush  father of our current President  authorized a series of programs that not only armed Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein but also provided him with technology that assisted in his development of chemical weapons like Sarin gas, and biological weapons, which he still possesses. Apologists for Bush (the elder) say that, after the Iran-Iraq War of the 1980s left the region unstable, he was just trying to establish a new balance of power. Not so. Bush directives and policies, including relationships with the Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI), and the Banca Nazionale del Lavoro (BNL) were directly and deliberately responsible for creating the army the U.S. fought in 1991.
A story by Russ W. Baker, in the March/April issue the Colombia Journalism Review (CJR), provided the most compelling overview of Iraqgate that I have ABC News Nightline opened last June 9 with words to make the heart stop It is becoming increasingly clear, said a grave Ted Koppel, that George Bush, operating largely behind the scenes throughout the 1980s, initiated and supported much of the financing, intelligence, and military help that built Saddams Iraq into the aggressive power that the United States ultimately had to destroy
Why, then, have some of our top papers provided so little coverage? Baker poignantly asks.
 The result: readers who neither grasp nor care about the facts behind facile imagery like The Butcher of Baghdad and Operation Desert Storm. In particular, readers who do not follow the story of the Banca Nazionale del Lavoro, which apparently served as a paymaster for Saddams arms buildup, and thus became a player in the largest bank-fraud case in U.S. history.
Complex, challenging, mind-boggling stories (from Iran-Contra to the S&L crisis to BCCI) increasingly define our times: yet we dont appear to be getting any better at telling them
Much of what Saddam received from the West was not arms per se, but so-called dual-use technology -- ultra sophisticated computers, armored ambulances, helicopters, chemicals, and the like, with potential civilian uses as well as military applications. Weve learned that a vast network of companies, based in the U.S. and abroad, eagerly fed the Iraqi war machine right up until August 1990, when Saddam invaded Kuwait.
And weve learned that the obscure Atlanta Branch of Italys largest bank, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro, relying partly on U.S. taxpayer-guaranteed loans, funneled $5 billion to Iraq from 1985 to 1989. Some government-backed loans were supposed to be for agricultural purposes, but were used to facilitate the purchase of stronger stuff than wheat. Federal Reserve and Agriculture department memos warned of suspected abuses by Iraq, which apparently took advantage of the loans to free up funds for munitions. U.S. taxpayers have been left holding the bag for what looks like $2 billion in defaulted loans to Iraq.
 In fact, we now know that in February 1990, then Attorney General Dick Thornburgh [appointed by George H.W. Bush] blocked U.S. investigators from traveling to Rome and Istanbul to pursue the case
 As New York Times columnist William Safire argued last December 7, Iraqgate is uniquely horrendous: a scandal about the Systematic abuse of power by misguided leaders of three democratic nations [The U.S., Britain, and Italy] to secretly finance the arms buildup of a dictator.
While Democrat Henry Gonzales, Chairman of the House Banking Committee during the period, stood as the lone voice from the wilderness in raising alarms about Bushs obvious corruption, the rest of the Congress sheepishly ignored all the signs demanding immediate action. Gonzales voice reportedly fell silent after his empty car was machine-gunned in a Washington suburb in what passed for a drive-by shooting.
The CJR continues: Meanwhile, The Village Voice published a major investigation by free-lancer Murray Waas in its December 18, 1990 issue That American troops could be killed or maimed because of a covert decision to arm Iraq, Waas wrote, is the most serious consequence of a U.S. foreign policy formulated and executed in secret, without the advice and consent of the American public
The L.A. Times, on Feb 23, 1992, dug deep enough to find secret National Security Decision Directives by the Bush Administration in 1989 ordering closer ties with Baghdad and paving the way for $1 billion in new aid. The Times series, co-authored with Waas, emphasized that, buried deep in a 1991 Washington Press piece  that Secretary of State James Baker, after meeting with Iraqi foreign minister Tariq Aziz in October 1989, intervened personally to support U.S. government loans guarantees to Iraq.
Bakers CJR report also noted, On October 3, the [Wall Street] Journal reported [BNL official Christopher] Drogouls assertion that the director general of Iraqs Ministry of Industry and Military Production had told him, We are all in this together. The intelligence service of the U.S. government works very closely with the intelligence service of the Iraqi government. Three weeks later, the Journal reported that [Henry] Gonzales produced a phone-book-sized packet of documents showing the involvement of U.S. exporting firms The documents mentioned one which designed parts for Iraqs howitzers and was financed through BNL
In the wake of highly suspicious anthrax outbreaks in Florida, just miles from where several of the WTC suicides pilots trained, we add one final note. In his 1998 book "Bringing the War Home" author William Thomas writes,  Under that same [weapons transfer] program, 19 containers of Anthrax bacteria were supplied to Iraq in 1988 by the American Type Culture Collection company, located near Fort Detrick, MD, the site of the US Army's high security germ warfare labs.
The Carlyle Group, the Bushes and bin Laden
The warnings about the Carlyle Group, the nations 11th largest defense contractor, and the Bushes came long before the World Trade Center attacks. The Carlyle Group is a closely held corporation, exempt, for that reason, from reporting its affairs to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Little is known of what it actually does except that it buys and sells defense contractors. As of October 4, 2001, it has removed its corporate web site from the World Wide Web making further investigation through that channel impossible. Its Directors include Frank Carlucci, former Reagan Secretary of Defense; James Baker, former Bush Secretary of State; and Richard Darman, a former White House aide to Ronald Reagan and Republican Party operative.
On March 3, 2001, just weeks after George W Bushs inauguration, the conservative Washington lobbying group Judicial Watch issued a press release. It said:
(Washington, D.C.) Judicial Watch, the public interest law firm that investigates and prosecutes government abuse and corruption, called on former President George Herbert Walker Bush to resign immediately from the Carlyle Group, a private investment firm, while his son President George W. Bush is in office. Today's New York Times reported that the elder Bush is an "ambassador" for the $12 billion private investment firm and last year traveled to the Middle East on its behalf. The former president also helped the firm in South Korea.
The New York Times reported that as compensation, the elder Bush is allowed to buy a stake in the Carlyle Group's investments, which include ownership in at least 164 companies throughout the world (thereby by giving the current president an indirect benefit). James Baker, the former Secretary of State who served as President George W. Bush's point man in Florida's election dispute, is a partner in the firm. The firm also gave George W. Bush help in the early 1990's when it placed him on one of its subsidiary's board of directors.
"This is simply inappropriate. Former President Bush should immediately resign from the Carlyle Group because it is an obvious conflict of interest. Any foreign government or foreign investor trying to curry favor with the current Bush Administration is sure to throw business to the Carlyle Group. And with the former President Bush promoting the firm's investments abroad, foreign nationals could understandably confuse the Carlyle Group's interests with the interests of the United States government," stated Larry Klayman, Judicial Watch Chairman and General "Questions are now bound to be raised if the recent Bush Administration change in policy towards Iraq has the fingerprints of the Carlyle Group, which is trying to gain investments from other Arab countries who [sic] would presumably benefit from the new policy," stated Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.
Judicial Watch noted that even the Clinton Administration called on the Rodham brothers to stop their business dealings in [The former Soviet Republic of] Georgia because those dealings started to destabilize that Since the WTC attacks the Wall Street Journal has reported (Sept. 28, 2001) that, George H.W. Bush, the father of President Bush, works for the bin Laden family business in Saudi Arabia through the Carlyle Group, an international consulting firm. The senior Bush had met with the bin Laden family at least twice in the last three years  1998 and 2000 -- as a representative of Carlyle, seeking to expand business dealings with one of the wealthiest Saudi families, which some experts argue, has never fully severed its ties with black sheep Osama in spite of current reports in a mainstream press that is afraid of offending the current administration.
The Nation, on March 27, 2000  in a story co-authored by David Corn and Paul Lashmar  wrote, In January former President George Bush and former British Prime Minister John Major paid a social call on Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Abdullah This story confirms at least one meeting between the elder Bush and Saudi leaders, including the bin Ladens. That the bin Ladens attended this meeting was confirmed in a subsequent September 27, 2001 Wall Street Journal (WSJ) story. The January 2000 meeting with the bin Ladens was also later confirmed by Bush (the elders) Chief of Staff Jean Becker, only after the WSJ presented her with a thank you note sent by Bush to the bin Ladens after that meeting.
James Baker visited the bin Ladens in 1998 and 1999 with Carlyle CEO Frank The WSJ story went on to note, A Carlyle executive said that the bin Laden family committed $2 million through a London investment arm in 1995 in Carlyle Partners II Fund, which raised $1.3 billion overall. The fund has purchased several aerospace companies among 29 deals. So far, the family has received $1.3 million back in completed investments and should ultimately realize a 40% annualized rate of return, the Carlyle executive But a foreign financier with ties to the bin Laden family says the familys overall investment with Carlyle is considerably larger
In other words, Osama bin Ladens attacks on the WTC and Pentagon, with the resulting massive increase in the U.S. defense budget have just made his family a great big pile of money.
More Bush connections appear in relation to the bin Ladens. The WSJ story also notes that, During the past several years, the [bin Laden] familys close ties to the Saudi royal family prompted executives and staff from closely held New York publisher Forbes, Inc. to make two trips to the family headquarters, according to Forbes Chairman Caspar Weinberger, a former U.S. Secretary of Defense in the Reagan administration. We would call on them to get their view of the country and what would be of interest to investors.
President G.H.W. Bush pardoned Weinberger for his criminal conduct in the Iran-Contra scandal in 1989.
Our current President, George W. Bush has also had -- at minimum -- indirect dealings with Carlyle and the bin Ladens. In 1976 his firm Arbusto Energy was funded with $50,000 from Texas investment banker James R. Bath who was also the U.S. investment counselor for the bin Laden family. In his watershed 1992 book, The Mafia, The CIA and George Bush, award winning Texas investigative journalist Pete Brewton dug deeply into Baths background, revealing connections with the CIA and major fraudulent activities connected with the Savings & Loan scandal that took $500 billion out of the pockets of American taxpayers. A long-time friend of George W. Bush, Bath was connected to a number of covert financing operations in the Iran-Contra scandal, which also linked to bin Laden friend Adnan Khashoggi. One of the richest men in the world, Khashoggi was the arms merchant at the center of the whole Iran-Contra scandal. Khashoggi, whose connections to the bin Ladens is more than superficial, got his first business break by acting as middle-man for a large truck purchase by Osama bin Ladens older brother, Salem.
Another key player in the Bush Administration, Deputy Secretary of Defense Richard Armitage, left his post as an Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Reagan Administration after a series of scandals connected to CIA operatives Ed Wilson, Ted Shackley, Richard Secord and Tom Clines placed him at the brink of criminal indictment and jail. Shackley and Secord are veterans of Vietnam operations and have long been linked to opium/heroin smuggling. The Armitage scandals all focused on the illegal provision of weapons and war materiel to potential or actual enemies of the U.S. and to the Contras in Central America.
Armitage, a former Navy SEAL, who reportedly enjoyed combat missions and killing during covert operations in Laos during the Vietnam War, has never been far from the Bush familys side. Throughout his career, both in and out of government, he has been perpetually connected to CIA drug smuggling operations. Secretary of State Colin Powell, in a 1995 Washington Post story, called Armitage, my white son. In 1990, then President Bush dispatched Armitage to Russia to aid in its transition to capitalism. Armitages Russian work for Bush has been frequently connected to the explosion of drug trafficking under the Russian Mafias, which became virtual rulers of the nation afterwards. In the early 1990s Armitage had extensive involvement in Albania at the same time that the Albanian ally, Kosovo Liberation Army was coming to power and consolidating its grip, according to The Christian Science Monitor, on 70% of the heroin entering western Europe. [See FTW Vol. II, No 2  April 24, 1999]
Armitage and Carlucci are both Board Members of the influential Washington think tank, the Middle East Policy Council.
The connections continue with Vice President Dick Cheney. Amongst the multitude of oil pipeline construction running through the new war zone is one project  according to a Sept. 19, 2001 Wall Street Journal story  a joint venture in which the bin Laden family joined with the construction firm H.C. Price. A researcher named Phoenix, writing for the Internet news site Rumor Mills News Agency located at  reported that Price subsequently changed its name to Bredero Shaw, Inc. and is now owned by a subsidiary of the Halliburton Corporation, Dresser Industries. It was Dresser industries that gave George H.W. Bush his first post war job in 1948. A check of the relevant corporate web sites has confirmed this.
Vice President Dick Cheney, who served as Secretary of Defense during Desert Storm, directing the campaign against Saddam Hussein, was Halliburtons CEO until last years election.
And, according to a 2000 story from Harpers Magazine, in 1990 our current President, through a position as a corporate director of Caterair, owned by the Carlyle Group  at a time when the bin Ladens were invested in Carlyle  had additional connections to the bin Laden family. In addition, on March 1, 1995, when George W. Bush was Texas governor and a senior Trustee of the university, the University of Texas Endowment voted to place $10 million in investments with the Carlyle Group. As to how much of that money went to the bin Ladens we can only guess. But we do know that there is a long tradition in the Bush family of giving money to those who kill Americans.
Now, as the people of America are beginning to awaken to what is really being unleashed upon them, as a few brave souls are asking whos going to get all the money the Bush Administration is borrowing from government coffers and whos going to pay for it - the above history is more than Considering that during the 1980s, under the pretext of fighting a Sandinista regime in Nicaragua that never once launched an attack on the U.S., these same people oversaw an explosion in U.S. cocaine consumption that went from 80 metric tons in 1979 to 600 metric tons in 1989 - considering that the CIA trained and equipped death squads that tortured and murdered hundreds of thousands of people from Guatemala to Panama  considering that these same people have brutalized Iraq, leaving portions of it radioactively contaminated by depleted uranium for the next 4 billion years and causing a fivefold increase in the number of childhood leukemia cases amidst a starving population, one can only wonder what they will produce for the world now given the context of the World Trade Center attacks.

@_date: 2001-12-19 10:58:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: George Mason's groaning in his grave 
in September 1787 as the delegates to the Constitutional Convention gathered at the State House (now Independence Hall) in Philadelphia to sign the new Constitution. Only three present refused to add their names. One of them was the Virginian George Mason. Because the Constitution created a federal government he felt might be too powerful, and because it did not end the slave trade and did not contain a bill of rights, he withheld his support from the document he had played so large a role in crafting.
In 1776, Mason, then 51, had been appointed to a committee charged with drafting a "Declaration of Rights" for Virginia. From the writings of English Enlightenment philosopher John Locke (1632-1704), Mason had come to a then-radical insight: that a republic had to begin with the formal, legally binding commitment that individuals had inalienable rights that were superior to any government.
One other committee member did play a significant role: Mason's young friend James Madison, who kept his (and Mason's) friend Thomas Jefferson apprised of Mason's progress in drafting the declaration. Mason's work began, "That all men are by nature equally free and independent, and have certain inherent rights...namely, the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the means of acquiring and possessing property, and pursuing and obtaining happiness and safety." Jefferson's U.S. Declaration of Independence included the immortal words of what may be the most famous political statement in history: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of In 1787, toward the end of the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia, Mason proposed that a bill of rights preface the Constitution, but his proposal was defeated. When he refused to sign the new Constitution, his decision baffled some and alienated others, including his old friend, George Washington. Mason's stand nonetheless had its effect. At the first session of the first Congress, Madison introduced a Bill of Rights that paralleled Mason's Declaration of Rights of 1776.
Abstract of an article by Stephan A. Schwartz, originally published in the May 2000 issue of Smithsonian. All rights reserved. Please read."To few realise the vast debt we owe george mason." harry s truman.

@_date: 2001-12-19 11:37:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Wackenhutt west of Cabazon and the new "Aussi KGB" 
New powers 'create Aussie KGB'
 From AAP
GIVING spy agency ASIO wide-ranging powers to fight terrorism would turn it into Australia's own KGB, civil libertarians have argued.
Draft laws endorsed by cabinet yesterday include giving ASIO officers the power to detain people for 48 hours without a lawyer if they are suspected of having information about potential terrorist attacks.
Civil Liberties Council spokesman Cameron Murphy today said the Government plan was unwarranted, and likened the resulting organisation to the Russian secret police of the Cold War.
"They (the Government) haven't demonstrated that there's public need for the powers and they really are going to turn ASIO into a secret police," he told Channel Seven.
"The last time we saw these sort of powers being given to an ASIO or intelligence service was like the KGB - it's that severe."
Cabinet also agreed to make terrorism and fundraising for terrorists punishable by life imprisonment, and to crack down on financial transactions.
Attorney-General Daryl Williams said the new measures were recommended by a top-level security review following the September 11 terrorist attacks in the US.
Mr Murphy said that while there were immediate concerns over terrorism, the Government was proposing ASIO keep its powers indefinitely.
"We need to be very careful of that because once the imminent crisis is over in terrorism what we'll find is that ASIO's attention will focus on innocent members of the Australian public," he said.
"A response is necessary, but this is too much of a response ... the Government is going the whole hog and giving them too much power."
A plan to allow ASIO to open unread e-mail also targeted innocent people, Mr Murphy said.
"The powers are inappropriate and I don't think we can trust an organisation like ASIO with these sort of powers."
He said security services such as ASIO had used the September 11 terrorist attacks as an opportunity to make a "grab for power".
Labor has supported most of the measures, but said it would move for a parliamentary inquiry into the new ASIO powers, which the Australian Democrats and Greens have labelled draconian.
Wackenhuts wacked.
Detainees riot again
 From AAP
WOOMERA Detention Centre in South Australia is on "red alert" after inmates rioted for a second night.
Authorities used tear gas to disperse a group of detainees at the facility who lit a fire and attacked a perimeter fence late last night, a Department of Immigration spokeswoman said.
That followed explosions and fires at the centre on Monday night, when hundreds of detainees rioted over the allocation of visas.
"There was a further fire in the main compound at the centre (last night)," the immigration spokeswoman said early this morning.
"There was also a significant number of detainees that entered what we call the sterile zone (between the inner and outer perimeter fences).
"That group of detainees would not obey a direction to return to their The spokeswoman said the detainees were attacking a perimeter fence and had to be subdued using tear gas.
It was unclear how much damage was done, or how many detainees were involved.
All detainees were returned to the accommodation blocks by 12.30am (AEDT).
But the spokeswoman said the atmosphere was extremely tense with security forces standing "on red alert".
Additional security has been imposed at the isolated facility, and Port Augusta police said they had sent a crew to the centre, about 160 kilometres away.
The fire in the main compound was reportedly extinguished by detainees not involved in the riot, the spokeswoman said.
In the previous night's attack, witnesses described "huge" explosions, flames 10 metres high and fires from one end of the centre to the other in the most serious incident at the facility since a mass break-out about 18 months ago.
Fifteen buildings were set alight and four completely destroyed during the KGB,Red Alerts,jamesd,HELP!

@_date: 2001-12-19 11:53:56
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Nazi dwarf,tom cruise,in singapore.Scientologist City. 
Tom Cruise says Hollywood will stop internet thieves
Wednesday 19 December 2001
People who download movies off the internet are "thieves" who threaten the potential of the film industry, Tom Cruise said yesterday.
People who support fascistic *religions TM ,should be struck by cruise missiles says proffr safe in nicoles own country,au

@_date: 2001-12-19 13:21:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Everyone a remailer:Everyone a mint:Everyone an assassin 
is a commercial example of a good use to put spam.Like steggin' pron.the hide in the herd idea.Its a shame larry ellison chose the dark side.Oracle sized remailers could be useful to speed the He used to make sense on the 'network as computer',then he must have twigged that would lead to his demise.
In the developing labyrinth progress will be slower,but sure,toward distributed,P-P,encrypted,alternate OS plug ins that will
accomplish all we seek to achieve.
But remember, please, the Law by which we live,
We are not built to comprehend a lie.
We can neither live nor pity, nor forgive,
If you make a slip in handling us you die!
--The Secret of the Machines-- Rudyard Kipling

@_date: 2001-12-19 14:25:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Quantum encryption close but may not be uncrackable. 
Beryllium is valuable in the manufacture of nuclear weapons,China recently used some tipping their ICBMs.One atom of it was used in an experiment to decide the fate of Schroedinger's cat.From.
The recent breakthrough of single photon emission in Britain brings quantum manipulation/encryption tantalizingly closer.The states days are almost certainly numbered but getting back to the cat.The Schroedingers cat experiment is based on the standard model of Quantum mechanics.The SMQM,if true means a universe must exist for every physical possibility.The notorious *parallel worlds* theory.
This could guarantee uncrackable encryption yet its a big swallow for some,not just pussy.The double slit experiment is even cited as providing evidence for neighboring universes.(D.Deutsch.new scientist.july.01.)Its truly bizarre to see exactly what some present *concrete* beliefs are really based on.Shared hallucinations indeed,possibly even kitty litter.
Is there a human Schroedinger? What of ralph Mc Gehee? Would looking to hard for his missing usenet posts kill him?
Uncrackable quantum encryption will save ralph and us from the out of control rogue terror state yet if the SMQM breaks down even an higgs boson's worth then we could all be back to square one.

@_date: 2001-12-19 16:25:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al quim, Tim May Torn asunder. 
Sunder>>...you have to agree that you also have no problem with capitalism.
 >>an economic system characterized by private or corporate ownership of capital goods, by investments that are determined by private decision, and by prices, production, and the distribution of goods that are determined mainly by competition in a free market <<
I have no problem at all with the operation of capitalism as envisaged by our esteemed colleague,james dalton bell.
I have a very real and ongoing problem with anarcho-capitalism and Ill republish the hideous birth of that creature.
 >
 >
 >Tim May; Dishonest sneak thief,coward and liar.
 >
 > >>"This essential anarchy is much more common than many think.
 > Anarchy--the absence of a ruler telling one what to do--is common in many
 > walks of life: choice of books to read, movies to see, friends to
 > socialize with, etc. Anarchy does not mean complete freedom--one can,
 > after all, only read the books which someone has written and had
 > published--but it does mean freedom from external coercion. Anarchy as a
 > concept, though, has been tainted by other associations.
 > >>First, the "anarchy" here is not the anarchy of popular conception:
 > lawlessness, disorder, chaos, and "anarchy."<<
 >
 >Double trouble,ambivalence? sub-conscious guilt,nerves,sweaty
 >fingers?Probably just running off at the mouth.
 >
 > >>Nor is it the bomb-throwing anarchy of the 19th century "black"
 > anarchists, usually associated with Russia and labor movements.<<
 >
 >Gee,I wonder how it got so tainted.
 >
 >  >>Nor is it the "black flag" anarchy of anarcho-syndicalism and writers
 > such as Proudhon.<<
 >
 >Why ever not? The synergies and selling possibilities could be
 >amazing,what a way to bridge the gap between the present and
 >crypto-anarchy.We may see down the page why its "Nor".
 >
 > >>Rather, the anarchy being spoken of here is the anarchy of "absence of
 > government" (literally, "an arch," without a chief or head).<<
 >
 >Nowt to do with Proudon and some bomb throwing russians.Trust me,Im Tim
 >May.Master thief.
 >
 > >>This is the same sense of anarchy used in "anarchocapitalism," the
 > libertarian free market ideology which promotes voluntary, uncoerced
 > economic transactions.<<
 >
 >Grab a snatch and hold it.
 >
 >  [6] I devised the term crypto anarchy as a pun on crypto, meaning
 > "hidden," on the use of "crypto" in combination with political views (as
 > in Gore Vidal's famous charge to William F. Buckley: "You crypto  >
 >Freudian slip,Tim,understandable though,under the circumstances.You crypto
 >fascist.
 >
 > >>and of course because the technology of crypto makes this form of
 > anarchy possible.<<
 >
 >And the alteration of the meaning of words make grand theft
 >anarchy,possible.Also the original libertarian socialist form possible.The
 >form of anarchy Tim May will attempt to murder at any opportunity as a
 >witness to his crime.
 >
 >  >>The first presentation of this was in a 1988 "Manifesto," whimsically
 > patterned after another famous manifesto.<<
 >
 >By the notorious petty bourgeois authoritarian wrecker of the 1st
 >International.Whimsical,Tim and telling.
 >
 > >>[7] Perhaps a more popularly understandable term, such as "cyber
 > liberty," might have some advantages, but crypto anarchy has its own
 > charm, I think.<<
 >
 >Cyber liberty and Im outta here,cant stand the stench.
 >It takes a word made their own by people willing to die for it and
 >martyred for it many times in Tims own country and attempts to leech off
 >it.Audacious thievery and knavery on scale ranking May with
 >Goebbals.Charming as Newspeak.
 >
 > >>And anarchy in this sense does not mean local hierarchies don't exist,
 > nor does it mean that no rulers exist. Groups outside the direct control
 > of local governmental authorities may still have leaders, rulers, club
 > presidents, elected bodies, etc. Many will not, though.<<
 >
 >Whoopty doo.Tim invents the anarchist wheel.
 >
 > >>Politically, virtual communities outside the scope of local
 > governmental control may present problems of law enforcement and tax
 > collection. (Some of us like this aspect.) Avoidance of coerced
 > transactions can mean avoidance of taxes, avoidance of laws saying who
 > one can sell to and who one can't, and so forth. It is likely that many
 > will be >>unhappy that some are using cryptography to avoid laws designed
 > to control behavior.<<
 >
 >I like the word anarchy so Im going to steal it from its rightful
 >owners,no one will catch me,Im invisible!
 >
 > >>National borders are becoming more transparent than ever to data. A
 > flood of bits crosses the borders of most developed countries--phone
 > lines, cables, fibers, satellite up/downlinks, and millions of diskettes,
 > tapes, CDs, etc. >Stopping data at the borders is less than hopeless.<<
 >
 >Stealing anarchy and loading it up with potted ayn randian,heinleinian
 >lead weight is whats hopeless,mate.
 >
 > >>Finally, the ability to move data around the world at will, the ability
 > to communicate to remote sites at will, means that a kind of "regulatory
 > arbitrage" can be used to avoid legal roadblocks. For example, remailing
 > into the U.S. from a site in the Netherlands...whose laws apply? (If one
 > thinks that U.S. laws should apply to sites in the Netherlands, does
 > Iraqi law apply in the U.S.? And so on.)<<
 >
 >Drone on and on and on all you want,your not going to get far with a
 >rebadged knock off of "anarchy"How do YOU sleep?
 >
 > >>This regulatory arbitrage is also useful for avoiding the welter of
 > laws and regulations which operations in one country may face, including
 > the "deep pockets" lawsuits so many in the U.S. face. Moving operations
 > on the Net outside a >>litigious jurisdiction is one step to reduce this
 > business liability. Like Swiss banks, but different.<<
 >
 >Money,money,money must be funny...in a rich mans dreams.Still theres hope
 >because later in conclusions Tim says
 >..."extremely dark things like anonymous markets for killings" may be
 >possible.We live in hope,Tim,hope and ANARCHY!
Tim your lime pit is dug,the contracts are out.We don't just amputate limbs.

@_date: 2001-12-19 16:55:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Wired on e-gold,  
Ive seen a good story somewhere on the e-dinar,if it was protected with world wide AP/PGP served by huge remailing networks it could be the one.Nomen RUN! The end is nigh.
The other story this year (its not 2002 yet numbnuts) to raise a smile was the keystone Kops raid by the SS.Easy to see what freaks them out...Everyfuckinthing! Suckers! If anyone in that goon squads got any sense they'll put some lead in prime rib.
You dont want to catch mad cow disease do My superintelligent rats in the W/house tell me they are getting fat on pork cracklings and gingerbread and its dead boring after El Bubba.
 >>Hypocrisy isn't pretty. ~Faustine.
God you must be one butt ugly Hoe.

@_date: 2001-12-19 17:12:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Matthew Gaylor has it ass backward 
"The Libertarian as Conservative." To me this is so obvious that I am hard put to find something to say to people who still think libertarianism has something to do with liberty. A libertarian is just a Republican who takes drugs. I'd have preferred a more controversial topic like "The Myth of the Penile Orgasm." But since my attendance here is subsidized by the esteemed distributor of a veritable reference library on mayhem and dirty tricks, I can't just take the conch and go rogue. I will indeed mutilate the sacred cow which is libertarianism, as ordered, but I'll administer a few hard lefts to the right in my own way. And I don't mean the easy way. I could just point to the laissez-faire Trilateralism of the Libertarian Party, then leave and go look for a party. It doesn't take long to say that if you fight fire with fire, you'll get burned.
If that were all I came up with, somebody would up and say that the LP has lapsed from the libertarian faith, just as Christians have in- sisted that their behavior over the last 1900 years or so shouldn't be held against Christianity. There are Libertarians who try to retrieve libertarianism from the Libertarian Party just as there are Christians who try to reclaim Christianity from Christendom and communists (I've tried to myself) who try to save Communism from the Communist parties and states. They (and I) meant well but we lost. Libertarianism is party-archist fringe-rightism just as socialism is what Eastern European dissidents call "real socialism," i.e., the real-life state-socialism of queues, quotas, corruption and coercion. But I choose not to knock down this libertarian strawman-qua-man who's blowing over anyway. A wing of the Reaganist Right has obviously appropriated, with suspect selectivity, such libertarian themes as deregulation and voluntarism. Ideologues indignate that Reagan has travestied their principles. Tough sh7t! I notice that it's their principles, not mine, that he found suitable to travesty. This kind of quarrel doesn't interest me. My reasons for regarding libertarianism as conservative run deeper than that.
My target is what Libertarians have in common  with each other, and with their ostensible enemies. Libertarians serve the state all the better because they declaim against it. At bottom, they want what it wants. But you can't want what the state wants without wanting the state, for what the state wants is the conditions in which it flourish- es. My (unfriendly) approach to modern society is to regard it as an integrated totality. Silly doctrinaire theories which regard the state as a parasitic excrescence on society cannot explain its centuries-long persistence, its ongoing encroachment upon what was previously market terrain, or its acceptance by the overwhelming majority of people including its demonstrable victims.
A far more plausible theory is that the state and (at least) this form of society have a symbiotic (however sordid) interdependence, that the state and such institutions as the market and the nuclear family are, in several ways, modes of hierarchy and control. Their articulation is not always harmonious but they share a common interest in consigning their conflicts to elite or expert resolution. To demonize state authoritarianism while ignoring identical albeit contract-consecrated subservient arrangements in the large-scale corporations which control the world economy is fetishism at its worst. And yet (to quote the most vociferous of radical Libertarians, Professor Murray Rothbard) there is nothing un-libertarian about "organization, hierarchy, wage-work, granting of funds by libertarian millionaires, and a libertarian party." Indeed. That is why libertarianism is just conservatism with a rationalist/positivist veneer.
Libertarians render a service to the state which only they can provide. For all their complaints about its illicit extensions they concede, in their lucid moments, that the state rules far more by consent than by coercion  which is to say, on present-state "libertarian" terms the state doesn't rule at all, it merely carries out the tacit or explicit terms of its contracts. If it seems contradictory to say that coercion is consensual, the contradiction is in the world, not in the expression, and can't adequately be rendered except by dialectical discourse. One-dimensional syllogistics can't do justice to a world largely lacking in the virtue. If your language lacks poetry and paradox, it's unequal to the task of accounting for actuality. Otherwise anything radically new is literally unspeakable. The scholastic "A = A" logic created by the Catholic Church which the Libertarians inherited, unquestioned, from the Randites is just as constrictively conservative as the Newspeak of Orwell's 1984.
The state commands, for the most part, only because it commands popular support. It is (and should be) an embarrassment to Libertarians that the state rules with mass support  including, for all practical purposes, theirs.
Libertarians reinforce acquiescent attitudes by diverting discontents who are generalized (or tending that way) and focusing them on particular features and functions of the state which they are the first to insist are expendable! Thus they turn potential revolutionaries into repairmen. Constructive criticism is really the subtlest sort of praise. If the Libertarians succeed in relieving the state of its exiguous activities, they just might be its salvation. No longer will reverence for authority be eroded by the prevalent official ineptitude. The more the state does, the more it does badly. Surely one reason for the common man's aversion to Communism is his reluctance to see the entire economy run like the Post Office. The state tries to turn its soldiers and policemen into objects of veneration and respect, but uniforms lose a lot of their mystique when you see them on park rangers and garbage- men.
The ideals and institutions of authority tend to cluster together, both subjectively and objectively. You may recall Edward Gibbon's remark about the eternal alliance of Throne and Altar. Disaffection from received dogmas has a tendency to spread. If there is any future for freedom, it depends on this. Unless and until alienation recognizes itself, all the guns the Libertarians cherish will be useless against the state.
You might object that what I've said may apply to the minarchist majority of Libertarians, but not to the self-styled anarchists among them. To my mind a right-wing anarchist is just a minarchist who'd abolish the state to his own satisfaction by calling it something else. But this incestuous family squabble is no affair of mine. Both camps call for partial or complete privitization of state functions but neither questions the functions themselves. They don't denounce what the state does, they just object to who's doing it. This is why the people most victimized by the state display the least interest in libertarianism. Those on the receiving end of coercion don't quibble over their coercers' credentials. If you can't pay or don't want to, you don't much care if your deprivation is called larceny or taxation or restitution or rent. If you like to control your own time, you distinguish employment from enslavement only in degree and duration. An ideology which outdoes all others (with the possible exception of Marxism) in its exaltation of the work ethic can only be a brake on anti-authoritarian orientations, even if it does make the trains run on time.
My second argument, related to the first, is that the libertarian phobia as to the state reflects and reproduces a profound misunderstanding of the operative forces which make for social control in the modern world. If  and this is a big "if," especially where bourgeois Libertarians are concerned  what you want is to maximize individual autonomy, then it is quite clear that the state is the least of the phenomena which stand in your way.
Imagine that you are a Martian anthropologist specializing in Terran studies and equipped with the finest telescopes and video equipment. You have not yet deciphered any Terran language and so you can only record what earthlings do, not their shared misconceptions as to what they're doing and why. However, you can gauge roughly when they're doing what they want and when they're doing something else.
Your first important discovery is that earthlings devote nearly all their time to unwelcome activities. The only important exception is a dwindling set of hunter- gatherer groups unperturbed by governments, churches and schools who devote some four hours a day to subsistence activities which so closely resemble the leisure activities of the privileged classes in industrial capitalist countries that you are uncertain whether to describe what they do as work or play. But the state and the market are eradicating these holdouts and you very properly concentrate on the almost all-inclusive world-system which, for all its evident internal antagonisms as epitomized in war, is much the same everywhere. The Terran young, you further observe, are almost wholly subject to the impositions of the family and the school, sometimes seconded by the church and occasionally the state. The adults often assemble in families too, but the place where they pass the most time and submit to the closest control is at work. Thus, without even entering into the question of the world economy's ultimate dictation of everybody's productive activity, it's apparent that the source of the greatest direct duress experienced by the ordinary adult is not the state but rather the business that employs him. Your foreman or supervisor gives you more "or-else" orders in a week than the police do in a decade.
If one looks at the world without prejudice but with an eye to maximizing freedom, the major coercive institution is not the state, it's work. Libertarians who with a straight face call for the abolition of the state nonetheless look on anti-work attitudes with horror. The idea of abolishing work is, of course, an affront to common sense. But then so is the idea of abolishing the state. If a referendum were held among Libertarians which posed as options the abolition of work with retention of the state, or abolition of the state with retention of work, does anyone doubt the outcome?
Libertarians are into linear reasoning and quantitative analysis. If they applied these methods to test their own reasoning they'd be in for a shock. That's the point of my Martian thought experiment. This is not to say that the state isn't just as unsavory as the Libertarians say it is. But it does suggest that the state is important, not so much for the direct duress it inflicts on convicts and conscripts, for instance, as for its indirect back-up of employers who regiment employees, shopkeepers who arrest shoplifters, and parents who paternalize children. In these classrooms, the lesson of submission is learned. Of course, there are always a few freaks like anarcho-capitalists or Catholic anarchists, but they're just exceptions to the rule of rule.
Unlike side issues such as unemployment, unions, and minimum-wage laws, the subject of work itself is almost entirely absent from libertarian literature. Most of what little there is consists of Randite rantings against parasites, barely distinguishable from the invective inflicted on dissidents by the Soviet press, and Sunday-school platitudinizing that there is no free lunch  this from fat cats who have usually ingested a lot of them. In 1980, a rare exception appeared in a book review published in the Libertarian Review by Professor John Hospers, the Libertarian Party elder state's-man who flunked out of the Electoral College in 1972. Here was a spirited defense of work by a college professor who didn't have to do any. To demonstrate that his arguments were thoroughly conservative, it is enough to show that they agreed in all essentials with Marxism-Leninism.
Hospers thought he could justify wage-labor, factory discipline and hierarchic management by noting that they're imposed in Leninist regimes as well as under capitalism. Would he accept the same argument for the necessity of repressive sex and drug laws? Like other Libertarians, Hospers is uneasy  hence his gratuitous red-baiting  because libertarianism and Leninism are as different as Coke and Pepsi when it comes to consecrating class society and the source of its power, work. Only upon the firm foundation of factory fascism and office oligarchy do Libertarians and Leninists dare to debate the trivial issues dividing them. Toss in the mainstream conservatives who feel just the same and we end up with a veritable trilateralism of pro-work ideology seasoned to taste.
Hospers, who never has to, sees nothing demeaning in taking orders from bosses, for "how else could a large scale factory be organized?" In other words, "wanting to abolish authority in large-scale industry is tantamount to wanting to abolish industry itself." Hospers again? No, Frederick Engels! Marx agreed: "Go and run one of the Barcelona factories without direction, that is to say, without authority!" (Which is just what the Catalan workers did in 1936, while their anarcho- syndicalist leaders temporized and cut deals with the government.) "Someone," says Hospers, "has to make decisions and" -- here's the kicker -- "someone _else_ has to implement them." Why? His precursor Lenin likewise endorsed "individual dictatorial powers" to assure "absolute and strict unity of will. But how can strict unity of will be ensured? By thousands subordinating their will to the will of one." What's needed to make industrialism work is "iron discipline while at work, with unquestioning obedience to the will of a single person, the soviet leader, while at work." Arbeit macht frei!
Some people giving orders and others obeying them: this is the essence of servitude. Of course, as Hospers smugly observes, "one can at least change jobs," but you can't avoid having a job  just as under statism one can at least change nationalities but you can't avoid subjection to one nation-state or another. But freedom means more than the right to change Hospers and other Libertarians are wrong to assume, with Manchester industrialist Engels, that technology imposes its division of labor "independent of social organization." Rather, the factory is an instrument of social control, the most effective ever devised to enforce the class chasm between the few who "make decisions" and the many who "implement them." Industrial technology is much more the product than the source of workplace totalitarianism. Thus the revolt against work  reflected in absenteeism, sabotage, turnover, embezzlement, wildcat strikes, and goldbricking  has far more liberatory promise than the machinations of "libertarian" politicos and propagandists.
Most work serves the predatory purposes of commerce and coercion and can be abolished outright. The rest can be automated away and/or transformed  by the experts, the workers who do it  into creative, playlike pastimes whose variety and conviviality will make extrinsic inducements like the capitalist carrot and the Communist stick equally obsolete. In the hopefully impending meta-industrial revolution, libertarian communists revolting against work will settle accounts with "Libertarians" and "Communists" working against revolt. And then we can go for the gusto!
Even if you think everything I've said about work, such as the possibility of its abolition, is visionary nonsense, the anti-liberty implications of its prevalence would still hold good. The time of your life is the one commodity you can sell but never buy back. Murray Rothbard thinks egalitarianism is a revolt against nature, but his day is 24 hours long, just like everybody else's. If you spend most of your waking life taking orders or kissing ass, if you get habituated to hierarchy, you will become passive-aggressive, sado-masochistic, servile and stupefied, and you will carry that load into every aspect of the balance of your life. Incapable of living a life of liberty, you'll settle for one of its ideological representations, like libertarianism. You can't treat values like workers, hiring and firing them at will and assigning each a place in an imposed division of labor. The taste for freedom and pleasure can't be Libertarians complain that the state is parasitic, an excrescence on society. They think it's like a tumor you could cut out, leaving the patient just as he was, only healthier. They've been mystified by their own metaphors. Like the market, the state is an activity, not an entity. The only way to abolish the state is to change the way of life it forms a part of. That way of life, if you call that living, revolves around work and takes in bureaucracy, moralism, schooling, money, and more. Libertarians are conservatives because they avowedly want to maintain most of this mess and so unwittingly perpetuate the rest of the racket. But they're bad conservatives because they've forgotten the reality of institutional and ideological interconnection which was the original insight of the historical conservatives. Entirely out of touch with the real currents of contemporary resistance, they denounce practical opposition to the system as "nihilism," "Luddism," and other big words they don't understand. A glance at the world confirms that their utopian capitalism just can't compete with the state. With enemies like Libertarians, the state doesn't need friends.

@_date: 2001-12-19 17:35:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable  
Extract...>>attempted suicide punishable by death. There are other examples of similar, but not as ludicrous, legal situations where the only person being impacted is the person acting, but it's still illegal. Joe
If the point is to minimize coercion  and maximize freedom to play loud music and off yrself in any number of ways I highly ricomend *open source* AP."Making suicide pay since the ides of march 2001."
Choate,ex. >>...very few follow the CACL philosophy therefore it must not be 'true'). <<
Its disgustingly *true* here and at wired,CATO,etc.
Its worth staking to an antsnest and checking on occasionally.)

@_date: 2001-12-19 18:44:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Questions for the list.RE.Quantum Encryption. 
From D.McCullogh.
As I understand it, Weyl's original gauge theory allowed for the
possibility that length scale can change from point to point.
Has there been any modern work on Weyl's theory? In particular,
is it possible to develop a quantum version? Another question:
is it possible that something interesting (perhaps GR) could
result from Weyl's theory through spontaneous symmetry breaking?
What's interesting about Weyl's theory is that classically
(ignoring quantum mechanics) there is no good reason for physics
to have a preferred length scale. What sets the length scale for
material objects seems to be the Bohr radius,
     r_b = hbar^2/(m e^2)
So that makes me think that perhaps quantum corrections to Weyl's
theory might break his gauge symmetry.
Could be on to something here D. Especially ignoring quantum mechanics! What do youse all think?

@_date: 2001-12-19 19:27:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: MS DRM OS Begets SSSCA  
jya>>I think Mike is trying to describe the worst case scenario to arouse opposition. Bear in mind that the Content Faction (and maybe the Tech Faction) want to control the world, not just the US. All countries are targets for SSSCA and DMCA through copyright treaties and other control Like the WTO and NWO? Fingerprint the planet,pascal? Man the barricades! BYO gasmask and molotovs.
 >>Just a few days ago the last country needed to enforce the WIPO Copyright Treaty signed on. WIPO is the global version of DMCA. And the Hague Convention is meeting shortly to set up the legal framework to enforce the various global treaties on protecting intellectual property. Sure, there will continue to be gray and black markets in software but criminalization of circumvention devices will put some youngsters (and oldsters) in jail, as we see looming from the recent warez raids.<<
I suspect they were a warmup for the big palmer raids looming for all anarchists,especially crypto-anarchists.AP NOW!
 >>The MPAA and co-conspirators are dirty fighters and nobody should expect to merely ignore them, thinking that loosening of crypto controls is a model. They know that precedent and are determined to do what governments could not. <<
Well the anarcho-capitalists here say,thats OK,as long as its not the STATE! Hey dont arrest me,Im a capitalist!
 >>Question is, as ever, what about the programmers within the factions who are needed to carry out the wishes of the bosses. In this, crypto could be a bellweather, for showing how the technicians learned to outwit the others. But are technical folks more susceptible these days to bribery of swell life styles than the crypto-rebels were? Or better, are there well-endowed, smarter than most, Factioners who do not want to be part of hegemonic putridity?<<
Dont form a union,timmy doesnt like unions,dont go outside,thats undignified.stay home rub oil on your gunbarrel and whinge.All traitors should be shot.
 >>We'll see what the Factions offer the liberators to keep
them hard at work, happy to be protected intellectual property
slaves. None of whom would waste a second here
except to pick up intelligence for blowing upholes.
Indeed.The cypherpunks may be like the blacks in the war of independence

@_date: 2001-12-19 21:35:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Steal This Essay 1: Content Is a Pure Public Good  
I found youse some text warez at ambulanzen.Enjoy!
"All advice is bad, but good advice is fatal." Oscar Wilde
The future has become completely predictable; a script that is being worked
through from A to Z. The Plan has finally prevailed. There are merely some
anomalies, corrections that have not yet been made. All arguments are for the
following of the prescribed route. It is true that there are always a number of
simultaneous scenarios that are partially overlapping and partially mutually
exclusive. But they have one thing in common: they are all true. Will it be an
ecological catastrophe or an atom bomb? Whichever you request. Humanitarian
disaster or military defeat? The choice is yours. Will it be abstract or
figurative? Whichever way the wind blows. Brazil or China? All options have thought through. All the right specialists have been found and their reports are
ready and waiting to be implemented. The field of vision has narrowed to one
perspective, wherever you look. There are no surprises, only possibilities.
Reread Musil. Even the biggest problems (AIDS in Africa, Bin Laden in
Afghanistan, CCP in the WTO, Bush in Washington) will never be more
than entrances to new markets.
At the moment they appear, all phenomena already contain the structure of this
model. All that remains to us is the dull task of unravelling the software
underneath. The number of programmes is extremely limited. The hermeneutic and
semiotic reading of the world puts up a smokescreen which manages to enchant us
again and again with its wealth of shapes, turns and suggestions of depth, but
alas, in fact it is all a bit simpler than that. The theory of difference is no
more than a cloth for the bleeding in the "abimes superficiels." Unbearable irresistible) simplicity is no longer really distinguishable from banality, this sends many a public intellectual fleeing to the safe haven of
interpretation. Through this mechanism, an originally critical practice like
cultural studies has slipped away into a safe, meaningless sketch of image
culture. "Visual culture" has degenerated into a profession with prospects. is how modelistic thinking works: once you get it, you can apply it to We locate this suprahistory when we train our gaze on the sub-human level. The
drama of micropolitics: the pension plan is in place by the time you're 21. and get out from under that. A little heli-skiing won't do it. Total burnout at
26 seems like it might help, but it turns out later to have been just a
sabbatical. RSI at 14? Just as easily. What else is the future but paying off
mortgages and life insurance? The secret collective longing for a market i.e. a world war, remains a last, authentic expression of the longing to make a
clean sweep, to undergo an adventure and then start all over. The hippies
supplied this model. There's no running aground, lost ideals or middle-aged
cynicism in this case  that would have been the fall-of-man model. hippies are today's crisis managers, guiding whole peoples at a time through
their dips. They work according to the dynamic model, which uses resistance to
get ahead by systematically improvising. In this model, things must go wrong for
one to become a success. This is in contrast to the compulsory positivism that
three-quarters of the world must disavow to preserve its good humour. Hippie
thinking is happy with any opposition and derives its energy from it.
Negativity rejects every model; that much is clear. But is repudiation, elegant or brutal, not itself also a model? Negativity distinguishes itself
rigorously from deconstructivism. Deconstruction is an installation CD-ROM always works. But the software's ability to anticipate is nil. Something must be
built up before it can be taken apart, thus the orientation to the past. The
nice thing about this model, however, is its youthful elan in believing that the
future can be predicted. That is the game Soros plays. His theory of
reflectivity is based on a solid foundation of European negativity. This is he can stay "ahead of the wave",most often, while legions of market analysts get caught in
their own sales speeches, whose nonsense they can never understand, since in their spiels is precisely the product they're selling. And non-monetary
negativity, where is that? Who can enjoy the certainty of decline, and benefit
from it? What a riddle! But one thing is sure: there will always be enough can be destroyed. "As long as there is death, there is hope."
The future of thinking, the development of forms of expression, planetary
architecture, these are all projects of others. Negativity is an experimental
attitude, an exercise in remembering, followed now and then by a short series of
outbursts, and then a long period of hiding inside normality. Optimism can into gloominess. On the other hand, it is impossible for cheerfulness to
neutralise negativity. Negativity is itself a form of cheerfulness. There's no
future for negativity, a punk would say. The marketing department of
negative.com (TM) should really be at its wit's end, but that is not the case.
Negativity continues unexpectedly to do well, generation after generation, as it denies its own future.

@_date: 2001-12-19 21:56:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Non-political, so probably off-topic for CP :_),  
the internet great wall of china,gulag to rival the US,state murders,Tibet,etc,etc,etc...measl your worse than jamesd,you might get a spotters fee,though.
I trust your aware of repression in china,nortels contribution and assassination politics.This is re. non-political my ass.

@_date: 2001-12-19 22:40:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: May the dog 
In the film "wag the dog",the producer who wants the credit gets the chop.One nod from Conrad and "jesus,mary and joseph!,dustin hoffman gets the chop.I was thinking about the crook dustin played in "straight time",while the CJ drama blew up.He's a gritty little bugger who gets rousted by a pudgy PO and blamed for a neighbors roach,busted back to county.
When finally released,after the entire demeaning process,he takes fantastic revenge,cuffing the ugly PO to a centre strip light pole with his pants down! Its quite a good film with teresa russell and harry dean stanton,it looks better in B+W.too.
We may learn a lot from hollywood.Like the producer who made two memo's for each movie,butt covering as artform.
Then theres "the player".threats persist after you kill david Kahane? Dont sweat on it,script it!
In spite of there not being many good movies lately,the assassination politics story is writing itself.kurt prochnow might be better to play me than mal.G.There's a distinct lack of luv interest so far and this is a fatal weakness I propose to try and remedy ASAP.Honeytrap me mossad,pleeze!
We know from certain *barium* emissions that the state is watching us in deadly earnest.We also know by timmies smug self satisfaction.(thats getting beyond obnoxious timmy btw) that he,at least,thinks *its*TM is a slam dunk.OK lets ask some ladies in the room.We all have to share the world and according to agent faustine should worry about each others rights.
Im not allergic to that idea,as long as we all know that truth and rec commissions wont cut it, we should come to some arrangements to ease into anarchy with the minimal amount of future shock.-For the sake of the children.-Im asking jessica S,dorothy if shes not to busy and mary (fbi) to come out from behind the curtain.(you dont want to be mistaken for rats,do you?) Come out and lets play with these concepts,boil them down for the dumb dumbs in high places and farm them out to the PR firms,SF writers,star trek script writers and hairdressers that shape the consciousness of world culture,such as it is.Theres no future in negativity,fortunately!

@_date: 2001-12-20 02:09:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: "...all these things that shall come to pass." 
Born 1955 died 2091,proffr1 the illuminator is the eco-anark apostle,international insane saint and punk patron of
Anarchia.He was the first to institute global democratic libertarian socialism as crypto-anarchy.
The anarchists mainline that the faith was preached by the apostles bart and thaddeus.Thaddeus
especially.(thanks chief!)The story has been taken over somewhat by the ameroanachists.Their land
being the first to turn crypto-anarchist.In their version proffr1 was the son of a panthein anark
who murdered king kong 2 and then drowned while crossing the river murri.Proffr1 was sepporated and baptized
in the fosters by a surfragette who acted in accordance a tele-vision.Proffr1 married, then soon after smarted from
his wife who became a pro,singer,dancer,actress and dowager empress on Proffr1 had travelled to americana where he refused to take part in human sacrifice ordered by
king george.He further enraged the king by declaring himself an anarchist so when king george
found out proffs father slew king kong he had him thrown into a supermax.There he was tortured in
various ways with christian video nasties and bad food and coffee.The only thing that kept proffr1
sane was when he befriended a rat who passed messages between cells.Proffr1 was also sustained
in his time of trial by a pious widow who bought him psychodalek drugs and pron and daphne.
Meanwhile the tyrant george had gone from bad to worse.A holy virgin who resists the crazy kings
depraved advances is martyred.Rhizsome plays a great part in this story as she is driven mad
by the sadistic lust of the bloodthirsty vampire king george the wicked.Finally as the crowds recoil
in complete horror,the kings brother see's that he is mad and prays for help.At the very moment of doom he see's
a vision off cape canaveral that only proffr can save king george.Proffr1 is bought from the
dungeons, and placed before the bestial george, proceeds to exorcise the evil from him.
His logical,precise and poetic lucidity charm the entire court.The long discourse of the anabasis
of proffr1 becomes required holovid viewing and outrates anal gang bang 6.on channel 99.
Following the fantastic conversion of a boar into a peacable learned primate,proffr1 moves
around the kingdom in style staking unregenerate KG wannabees and larrabees that refuse enlightenment.There
are suprisingly few as excited web surfers and SMSers spread the word of his and Rhizsomes coming.The contrast
could not be greater as if lemon were suddenly squeezed into full cream milk.The false gods
and werewolves are driven into caucus were they perish beneath a cypher/sword and mentalstorm.Eventually the movement leads to the collapse of govts worldwide.Truly it is written that we were in darkness before knowing of the cypher/sword of crypto-anarchy wielded by mentalstorm prophet and honorary professor1, the Illuminator.

@_date: 2001-12-20 18:03:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
>>All it claims to be is a system that allows private/corporate ownership of goods where decisions are made by private (versus government) decision and of course "free market." <<
Why is AP frowned on? It seems to fit the paradigm. Along with slavery,overfishing,overlogging,drugdealing and so on.
Please dont arrest me officer,Im an anarcho-capitalist!

@_date: 2001-12-20 18:14:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Talley and gbroiles offline taken offline by Speakeasy,  
I recently got a phone call from my ISP RE:The Pacifier,spitting the dummy letters.J.Thomson the lawyer was harassing them and calling them twits,stating that the FBI had been informed about me and so on.Some of the mans charm shines through the pacifier letters.Oh he also claimed to have knowledge of various depraved or naughty websites that I surfed to!
Seems if someone well heeled can hassle your ISP enough then *you*may be blamed for the wasted time at the ISP.
Ill send a copy of AP to Speakeasy if you send one to Useoz.com.

@_date: 2001-12-20 19:58:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Vindicator 
Osvaldo Bayer
Argentinian anarchist, writer, historian.
Osvaldo Bayer was born in Santa Fi in 1927. He studied History in the University of Hamburg from 1952 to 1956. Returned to Argentina, dedicating himself to the media, to the historical investigation & cinematographic scripts. He worked in the daily Graphical News, the patagsnico Esquel & Bugler, of which he was writing secretary, & in diverse magazines. He was Secretary General of the Union of Press from 1959 to 1962. His book the Rebellious Patagonia & the film of the same name were persecuted & had to leave the country in 1975. Bayer lived in exile, in Berlin, until his return to Buenos Aires, in 1983.
At the moment Osvaldo Bayer collaborates on Pagina/12 & has published the following books: Severino Di Giovanni, the idealist of violencia(1970); The Rebellious Patagonia (the avengers of the tragic Patagonia, 1972-76 four volumes); The expropiating anarchists (1974); Radowitzky, martyr or assassin? (1974); The Rosales, an Argentine tragedy (1974); Exile (1984, in collaboration with Juan Gelman). The Maffia was the scriptwriter of films (1972); The Rebellious Patagonia (1974); Everything is absence (1983); Group of forty: exile and return (1984); Juan, as if nothing had happened (1986); The friend (1989); America Love (1989); Elizabeth (1990); The vindicador (1991) & Military Pantheon (1992); last the six in coproduction with Germany.

@_date: 2001-12-20 20:22:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: State of Emergency. 
It has been a eventful day and a long night in Argentina. The day started with massive looting which only increased in number and size as the day passed. ...

@_date: 2001-12-20 20:31:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case  
Sunder>>I'm afraid we wouldn't make a very good road show...
True for me and you and all,Still I just luv the subject headline,conjures up delightful imagery.

@_date: 2001-12-20 20:57:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking.  
>>A token-based remailer system, while an "obvious" system, would be a
major accomplishment.
--Tim May
"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone
   with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later
   convinces himself." -- David Friedman
A major target if "napstered".The best way to bring in the enormous systems by crypto-anarchy is with AP protection.This is possible when AP is seen as the essential new back-up justice system it is.Not one of the "horsemen" or "extremely dark markets" Its mistaken for or misrepresented as.The problem timmy and david would clearly have with AP to their beloved "anarcho-capitalism" can be seen at...
Yet AP remains the actual summit of anarcho-capitalism! Tim and david dont even believe their own arguments.

@_date: 2001-12-20 21:41:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: prisoners dilemma  
anarchy is possible
The results of Axelrod studies prove that under certain conditions cooperation among individuals can emerge and be stable without the need of a central authority, regardless of the selfish or altruist nature of the Possible to have smuggled posts from former list members published? Several books have been written this way.
Information does want to be free.

@_date: 2001-12-20 23:20:14
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: That the "anarcho"-capitalist is trying to have it both ways.  
Are so-called anarcho-capitalists really statists? Discuss.

@_date: 2001-12-21 00:54:35
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Good Punkrockin' tonight. 
>>"``It's about time for artists to take control of their work and how it is presented to our fans,'' said Dexter Holland of the band Offspring, which will perform as part of the effort." [...] .g -- "Sometimes I use google instead of pants." <<
Pretty fly for a white guy,the original pranksters,are you OK annie?Renegades of funk.Your number is one.Its about time
we all take control of our work...with crypto-anarchy.Real anarchy,not tim mays cheap jackshit knockoff.anarcho-capitalism.Capitalism is looking down the barrel of a mofo cannon as any fule no.
Punk was much more than fad or fashion; it demonstrated the fractal effect in culture, showing how small events, the acts of a few people, can cause ripples around the world. Punk demanded and received a response
Punk's attack on the establishment and institutions of the day, its willingness to exploit taboos for fun and profit, was supremely effective at getting up noses. So what, for all its loudmouth posturing, is punk's Damning God and the state, work and leisure, home and family, sex and play, the audience and itself, the music briefly made it possible to experience all these things as if they were not natural facts but ideological constructs: things that had been made and therefore could be altered, or done away with altogether. It became possible to see those things as bad jokes and for the music to come forth as a better joke
The charts for three guitar chords (A, E and G) above a simple exhortation: "Now form a band." For many people, that defined punk.

@_date: 2001-12-21 01:49:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: IRS Agent Goes Berserk, Cops refuse to prosecute, and AP 
>>You know, historically, when there is no reliable justice system,
society gets blood feuds,
etc.   When the justice system is unreliable for sheeple but reliable
for a special class,
maybe AP *does* have a future.  Meanwhile the traditional bag of cash &
friend of a friend
will have to do.<<
Back to the future.The wild west with computers.Westworld.Vigilante justice in slow motion via AP gives bad guys and gals time to "Get out of Dodge!"
If AP doesnt have a future soon,real soon,I dont think any of us have.
  Dreaming Of Ewe

@_date: 2001-12-21 10:23:12
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FC: DNA tests show federal officials planted fake evidence of 
>>The previously unreported Forest Service investigation found that the science of the habitat study had been skewed by seven government officials: three Forest Service employees, two U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service officials and two employees of the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife. The officials planted three separate samples of Canadian lynx hair on rubbing posts used to identify existence of the creatures in the two national forests. DNA testing of two of the samples matched that of a lynx living inside an animal preserve. The third DNA sample matched that of an escaped pet lynx being held in a federal office until its owner retrieved it, federal officials said.<<
Knights gambit declined,red Queen to centre.In the AP essay jim says that while there can be no "AP Czar",He doesnt envisage AP being used against "lowly forest grunts".Not receiving a response to my requests for dialogue with the evil empire I propose that the lowly forest grunt actually makes more sense to use AP against.The above story Illustrates how power corrupts and how low on the federal food chain that corruption goes.Yet how long can a fascist regime last that cant protect their workers? It would be easier to obtain enough evidence for proof of death,DNA being the gold standard and the predictor could be paid with e-dinars through cut-outs.Alternatively through kudo's or BUMs after the collapse of Govts.Kill the president.
On this day,from the daily bleed.
1988 -- Animal rights terrorists fire-bomb Harrod's
department store, London, after finding poodle
fur collars on some coats.
In December 1998 it is revealed that many
fur pelts being sold in the US (coats, toys, etc)
are actually from cats & dogs falsely labeled.

@_date: 2001-12-21 11:13:56
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May on the end of a rope. 
>>...For those of you truly sick of the libertarian-versus-conservative Yes! Lets have a libertarian-versus-anarchist debate

@_date: 2001-12-21 11:19:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fw: Israeli compromise of U.S. telecommunications?  
>>, by giving critical > capabilities to foreign entities... >
Such as the stolen INSLAW software known as PROMIS thats been used in Occupied Palestine,Guatamala and the old south africa to select targets for death squads.Why do people OS want to kill US?

@_date: 2001-12-21 11:28:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re : MS DRM OS  
>>...I have no doubt it will be implemented and protected viciously. I use the word viciously because that is the only way to make DRM work and there is a great deal of money at stake. Mike
Steve Ballmer,viscious? Nah,shurley not.The early models were a little twitchy but the SB 2000 terminator series is for all practical "I have no doubt it (AP) will be implemented and protected vigorously,everything is at stake." Jim Bell's handwritten note on cigarette paper.

@_date: 2001-12-21 11:32:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: "Im mad as hell and Im not going to take it anymore!" 
Last Night in Buenos Aires Argentina. My Personal Experience (english)
by I'd rather be anonymous 11:49am Thu Dec 20 '01 (Modified on 1:56pm Thu Dec 20 '01)
Last nights protest and how they felt, personal report.
I was watching television, seeing the lootings and the uprisings in the country interior. Suddenly the president appeared on the screen.. he talked about differentiating between the criminals and the needy. He spoke quietly almost elegantly trying to sound in charge. He said he had announced today the state of siege. I knew that it is uncostitutional in Argentina for the president to declare an state of siege, only the congress can do that. I was disgusted and I turned off the TV. I started hearing a sound.. very quiet sound but growing.. I went to the balcony of my apartment, looked out.. people on every balcony banging pots and caceroles, the sound got louder and louder.. it was a roar.. and it wasn't going to stop. I saw some people on the corner of the street I live.. no more than 10.. I put on a shirt and went down.. It was strange, and exciting, on every corner I could see people were gathering. Small groups. This is a comfortable middle class neighbourhood.. but everybody's been fucked by what's going on... and it's been going on for far too long. On the corner of the next street people had went and started gathering on the middle of the streets. Banging spoons against caceroles, waving flags.. in a few minutes we were something like 150 persons.. we started walking.. nobody seemed to knew were we were going or what was gonna happen.. an hour had gone by since the bangings started and the noise wasn't stopping, coming from every corner of the city. As we walked people where joining us, it was exciting.. almost manic. The feeling of regaining your own power. People from all walks of life where there.. I looked back and suddenly this spontaneus manifestation was a couple of blocks long.. and I could see that we were joing other spontaneus groups coming from other streets. I could see people in suits and people in working uniforms. I could see young girls in nice clothes and senior citizens in old clothes. I could see the small businessman who is suffering from higher and higher taxes and it's about to loss his house from his bank loans and the young man who has been excluded by the system and couldn't get a job for 4 years. Everybody was represented. It was amazing.. People cheered from the balconies.. small pieces of shreded paper falling slowly to the streets.. singing, banging, marching. When I got to the congress a couple of thousand people where allready there.. and I could see people coming in from every corner.. It felt like a party. The Flags waving, the chants, the clapping. A guy on the top of the stairs lighted some sort of smoke light.. pink smoke all over the place..
I looked around, don't know why but I started feeling tense.. people kept on coming and we started marching to the casa rosada. Things didn't feel exciting anymore.. it felt tenser and tenser.. I could see some fire on the street ahead.. A small trashcan on fire.. I kept on walking.. some people where quietly singing and clapping but I saw other small fires.. I had entered a column that come from a tougher neighboorhood than mine. I don't blame them.. they've been fucked way harder than anybody else.. and hunger breeds anger. This young guy was about to bang a stick against a street sign, this thirtiesh guy, skinny and dressed in really old jeans and shirt, holding a young girl on his arms, said something to him.. The young man looked back, he saw the columns of people. I could catch this phrase from the skinny guy "Look at how many we are".. I looked back.. I saw and felt what I felt at the beggining.. everybody was there, everybody was represented.. we were too many. The guy threw away the stick.
When I got to Plaza de Mayo. A couple thousands were there.. and they kept and kept on coming.. It was weird.. people started coming in on cars.. as well as marching.
Young people, old people, families.. the people.The plaza was half full and the columns kept on coming.. I walked around. Amazed. Still quite surprised of being there. I was on the back thinking that not many days you go to the balcony to check the noises coming from the streets and you end up being a witness to a presidential deposition by social uprising. Suddenly I was pushed in the back by somebody.. when I regained balance I saw people running away.. Somebody was yelling "Sons of bitches" right next to me.. out of instinct I started running with them.. I ran half a block.. stopped and look back.. I saw thousands and thousands of people running.. I kept on running but looked back from time to time. I asked somebody what's going on.. he just runned.. somebody passing me was saying something about the police.. couldn't quite understand.. my nose started itching.. I looked back.. in the plaza, 500 meters back, I could see smoke.. I looked at people's eyes.. they were redenning... my throat hurt.. I ran. I looked back.. people were going off in all directions but away from the plaza.. the smoke got higher and higher I took of my shirt and covered my nose and mouth.. my eyes itched.. I got pretty far.. looked around.. this guy on a Miami Florida t-shirt.. absolutely middle class. said he now understood what the piqueteros felt. I kept on walking.. heading for my home.. I suddenly realized I was crying. I didn't knew if it was from the lacrimogic gases or from impotence and anger.

@_date: 2001-12-21 13:08:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Sympathy for the devil 
After the cherubim and the seraphim,lou Cipher had to fall for you.
You see right through distorted eyes, you know you had to learn,
The execution of your mind, you really had to turn.
The race is run, the book is read, the end begins to show.
The truth is out, the lies are old, but you don't want to know.
Nobody will ever let you know,
When you ask the reasons why.
They just tell you that you're on your own,
Fill your head all full of lies.
The people who have crippled you, you wanna see them burn.
The gates of life have closed on you and there's just no return.
You're wishing that the hands of doom could take your mind away.
And you don't care if you don't see again the light of day.
Nobody will ever let you know,
When you ask the reasons why.
They just tell you that you're on your own,
Fill your head all full of lies.
You bastards!
Where can you run to? What more can you do?
No more tomorrow; life is killing you.
Dreams turn to nightmares, heaven turns to hell.
Burns out confusion, nothing more to tell.
Ev'rything around you, what's it coming to?
God knows as your dog knows;Bog blast all of you.
Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath, nothing more to do.
Living just for dying, dying just for you

@_date: 2001-12-21 13:38:03
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Locke and loade. 
John Locke's influence on the english and american revolutions:Arising out of the enlightenment,
that period, roughly comparable to the present, with printing standing in for the wwweb,Lockes
philosophies rippled out from the tumult of the english civil war that led to the beheading
of the king,to the present.Some selections from The constructive doctrines which are elaborated in the second treatise became the basis of social and political philosophy for generations. Labor is the origin and justification of property; contract or consent is the ground of government and fixes its limits. Behind both doctrines lies the idea of the independence of the individual person. The state of nature knows no government; but in it, as in political society, men are subject to the moral law, which is the law of God. Men are born free and equal in rights. Whatever a man "mixes his labour with" is his to use. Or, at least, this was so in the primitive condition of human life in which there was enough for all and "the whole earth was America." Locke sees that, when men have multiplied and land has become scarce, rules are needed beyond those which the moral law or law of nature supplies. But the origin of government is traced not to this economic necessity, but to another cause. The moral law is always valid, but it is not always kept. In the state of nature all men equally have the right to punish transgressors: civil society originates when, for the better administration of the law, men agree to delegate this function to certain officers. Thus government is instituted by a "social contract"; its powers are limited, and they involve reciprocal obligations; moreover, they can be modified or rescinded by the authority which conferred them. Locke's theory is thus no more historical than Hobbes's. It is a rendering of the facts of constitutional government in terms of thought, and it served its purpose as a justification of the Revolution settlement in accordance with the ideas of the time.
His reflections on the rate of interest show the growing disfavor with which appeals for state interference were beginning to be met. He points out the obstacles to trade that are caused when the rate of interest is fixed by law, and he argues in favor of freedom for what he calls, in words which suggest Adam Smith, "the natural interest of money." Money "turns the wheels of trade"; therefore its course should not be stopped. At the same time, he holds no general brief against the interference of the state in matters of commerce; nor is the language of the mercantilist foreign to him. Riches consist in plenty of gold and silver, for these command all the conveniences of life. Now, "in a country not furnished with mines, there are but two ways of growing rich, either conquest or commerce." For us commerce is the only way; and Locke condemns "the amazing politics of some late reigns" which had "let in other competitors with us for the sea."
. "The business of laws," he says,
is not to provide for the truth of opinions, but for the safety and security of the commonwealth, and of every particular man's goods and person. And so it ought to be. For truth certainly would do well enough, if she were once left to shift for herself. She seldom has received, and I fear never will receive, much assistance from the power of great men, to whom she is but rarely known, and more rarely welcome. She is not taught by laws, nor has she any need of force, to procure her entrance into the minds of men. Errors, indeed, prevail by the assistance of foreign and borrowed succors. But if truth makes not her way into the understanding by her own light, she will be but the weaker for any borrowed force violence can add to her.
A church, according to Locke, is "a free and voluntary society"; its purpose is the public worship of God; the value of worship depends on the faith that inspires it: "all the life and power of true religion consists in the inward and full persuasion of the mind;" and these matters are entirely outside the jurisdiction of the civil magistrate. Locke therefore (to use later language) was a voluntary in religion, as he was an individualist on questions of state interference. There is an exception, however, to his doctrine of the freedom of the individual in religious matters. The toleration extended to all others is denied to papists and to atheists; and his inconsistency in this respect has been often and severely criticized. But it is clear that Locke made the exception not for religious reasons but on grounds of state policy. He looked upon the Roman Catholic as dangerous to the public peace because he professed allegiance to a foreign prince; and the atheist was excluded because, on Locke's view, the existence of the state depends upon a contract, and the obligation of the contract, as of all moral law, depends upon the divine will.
He held that "the minds of children [are] as easily turned, this way or that, as water itself." He underrated innate differences: "we are born with faculties and powers, capable almost of anything;" and, "as it is in the body, so it is in the mind, practice makes it what it is." Along with this view went a profound conviction of the importance of education, and of the breadth of its aim. It has to fit men for life -- for the world, rather than for the university. Instruction in knowledge does not exhaust it; it is essentially a training of character.

@_date: 2001-12-21 21:28:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Battle of Buenos Aires 
The Battle for Buenos Aires (english)
by Nicolas 10:29pm Thu Dec 20 '01 (Modified on 12:55am Fri Dec 21 '01)
First hand account from the Plaza de Mayo
I have made it back from the battle. I am way to tired to write a complete report, but I will do so tomorrow when I get up.
I will however say that these was far beyond anything I have seen before (way beyond Quebec, Goteborg, Genova, etc.). We tried to fight our way to the Plaza de Mayo (where the presidential palace is). Hardest fighting I've ever seen. As the OSL said, it was step by step, meter by meter. Rocks against an unholy amount of gas, rubber bullets, tanks, water hoses, you name it. The cops on occassion ran out.
We carried forward our barricades all we could, we got to the corner of the Plaza. I truly thought we would take the presidential palace, and thus fought like it was truly the last battle. Unfortunately, we did not make it. But we fought for 7 hours straight, back and forth. Unbelievable intensity. Amongst the people fighting there was all sorts, from a couple thousand leftists (from our march, which was attacked after only 1 block), to young people who were simply pissed, old workers (people in their 50s and
60s with bandannas and rocks), people in suits and ties straight from work, Banks and multinationals were completely destroyed, and very many were completely set alight. Barricades of fire quite literally everywhere (hundreds). As we advanced we blocked every single side street in order to not be attacked from behind. Eventually the looting began, and it was unlike anything Ive ever seen. At one point all sorts of fancy candy was flying through the air (I was sitting across the street and it quite literally rained on me).
I am exhausted (this is actually my second straight day of battle, the first was less glorious, as it was for tickets to my soccer teams last game. We can win the championship with only a tie, we havent won in 35 years. 24 hours before the tickets went on sale there was 1o blocks of people waiting.
In the morning all hell broke loose, the stadium fences were toppled and it was a total stampede. People fainting from the pressure of so many people piled together, women crying, hardcore fans giving up saying they didnt want to die for a ticket. I was in there for one hour, almost fainting, my friends gave up, I was pushed against the wall, couldnt breathe, almost vomited, got dizzy, but finally got them and collapsed as soon as I got out. We take our soccer quite seriously, and this game, which because of this has been pushed back a week, is actually why I am currently in Argentina), and still in awe. I have a lot of comments to make, as well as a full report of what I saw, but it will be tomorrow.
For the record, 4 people died during the battle. This makes the death toll of the last 3/4 days 20 people.
Also, the president has resigned, there was once again massive looting today.
There are about 1200 people arrested. Rumors of 2 dead cops (I myself saw somebody run off with two police shirts).
I had taken pictures but at one point, as I was backtracking I walked straight into a barricade of fire! Naturally, this quickly burned my legs very badly. I have a fair amount of blisters and cuts (I must have jumped about two meters in the air, I thought my clothes were on fire). But it was there that I lost my camera (I think.)

@_date: 2001-12-21 22:05:23
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Lynx fraud 
>>Despite both your premedicated ability to see connections, even those
that aren't there, you both miss the metaphor: they're wanting
to prohibit LYNX, a nonMS browser, and the damn furry-eared
cat is a scratch monkey.<<from major variola (ret)
Thanks you for sharing,I didnt realise "jei" was in the same boat as me.There is no metaphor according to the original story(thats from peccable sauce,declan Mc CATO.btw)
"Jei" presented a straight news story from declan and I commented on it.Who the hell are
"They" who seek to prohibit a non MS browser and how could they anyway? *They* sound like corrupt authoritarians that should become AP nominee's from the sound of it.What medications are you on?

@_date: 2001-12-21 22:47:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Wild World Wide.Collapse of Govts. 
The importance of the introduction of the Euro and the collapse of govts in Argentina,bolivia and Columbia must rivet the attention of all cypherpunks interested in the introduction of e-cash and collapse of Govts,crypto-anarchist style.
The amazing introduction of the Euro went surprisingly smoothly for a project with so many intrinsic logistical hazards.
That the introduction of barter units could happen in one fell swoop becomes realistic in the light of euro-experience.
Probably safer to stick with organic release through distributed P-P for now without working AP to defend against tax collectors.Its just exciting to realize the speed of change that's possible now.
That there's a dark flip side to that coin is obvious in South America.There's no need for anyone to die for crypto-anarchy.
The regrettable spectacle of dual power for some indeterminate time should not be taken as a 'given',in spite of the hirstory of the region.With todays networks and a global mexican wave of anarchy, collapse of govts becomes the precursor of crypto-anarchy.Fascism is usually the reaction of the oligarchs to people power.It doesnt have to be that way.We come back to the possible mass switch to e-cash.People need economic security as much as physical security.AP backs up the justice system while everyone becomes a mint.Reputations are not so much positive as,'least negative',as judged by AP nominations.The crypto revolution stands poised to inherit the earth.The first global revolution in hirstory.If only Hari Seldon were here to see it.
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments?"james dalton Bell.Cypherpunk cherubim,crypto-anarchist and enemy of the state.

@_date: 2001-12-21 23:41:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Taylor on rubber hose crypto 
Extract ...The EFAis particularly concerned about provisions which authorize law enforcement officers to ask individuals to provide keys to encrypted data.
Mr Taylor said the Cybercrime Act was contrary to the common law privilege against self-incrimination.
"One of the major concerns with that is that you may not have access to the encryption keys or you have simply forgotten it."
Senator Ellison said the new law was consistent with the recommendations of the Council of Europe and would ensure Australia was leading the effort against cyber terrorism.
  "If "the law" is used to protect government-employed criminals, then the law is wrong and we should disregard that portion of it. . Government  agents must, therefore, expect to be accountable to the citizens, while  accountability in the other direction is virtually the definition of  tyranny." professor rat.

@_date: 2001-12-22 01:05:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hillary style health plan to save US 
AU has a national health scheme,I used it to have a graft on my eardrum several years back.Didnt cost a cent.
There are gaps in the system such as long waiting lists and poor dental cover,its also under pressure from the economic
'rationalists' esp in the liberal party.The only reason I mention such a creation of the hated state is that it could  soon be a matter of life or death for many septic tanks.The foot and mouth outbreak in Britain would have been nipped in the bud a lot quicker had computerized tags been used.There's some scrambling around now in the US to shore up sagging public health infrastructure.What's probably really needed is something like I seem to remember Lady C proposing.I'm boosting 2 things here that on the surface may seem anathema to anarchists.IDs for all and socialized medicine.Am I wrong to?

@_date: 2001-12-22 11:16:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Words  
>>>"I have no doubt it (AP) will be implemented and protected >vigorously,everything is at stake." Jim Bell's handwritten note on >cigarette paper.
 > Sometimes there is meaning in misspelled or misused words. Somtimes it is intentional, sometimes not. I have no idea whether or not Steve Ballmer is viscous. Maybe mattd is into something unusual and would like to tell the whole class ;-)
I published an e-mail about that at melb indymedia,a few months back.Ill see if I can find it.It was on my dell's hard drive.
That's now in custody as an enema of the state.Puns,chess,and crypto are like sex,drugs and rock and roll.
 >>Merry subverted pagan winter solstice festival, every one,
Sacrifice a virgin for me.

@_date: 2001-12-22 11:35:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : More on remailers.  
>>In conclusion, I leave you with a question: if remailer users are reduced
to a small number of high-paying remailer customers for whom anonymity is
not a game, but a matter of life or death, could a mix-net be made to
provide any sufficient degree of security? "No" is the easy answer. Say
yes, and prove it.
Yes,as long as 'open source' or soft drill' assassination politics protects them.They use 'stamps' that float with the dollar so theres an agreed value and as they come under almost instant attack from tax collectors and terrified govts they'll clearly need a damn hardball protection system.AP as operation soft drill.Certainly a matter of life and death.How else would they avoid being nuked one way or another.The distributed versions will win out eventually,and the possible use of Quantum encryption would certainly bring it all on.It just seems to me that its a good time now to crash through or crash on this.
Mass civil disobedience,no shying away from horsemen,just calm clear and cool."Gentlemen,we're taking over now."

@_date: 2001-12-22 12:18:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Law of Fours 
Matts law of fours
All things that interest me lately scream 4.Eg.Quantum computing in bio-chemistry ,an article by mark Buchanan,the question arises:might bio-chemistry process a quantum computation?
Its long been wondered why the 4 letter code for DNA when binary ought to be more efficient.
An algorithm by lov Grover suggested to apoorva Patel that the very basis of all life relies on quantum computers to copy its DNA and put together its proteins.The grover algorithm gives an exact formula for the number of Quantum attempts,Q,needed to find one specific element in a database of N things.It turns out that if N=4,then Q=1
In other words a quantum computer can distinguish between 4 distinct possibilities with just one attempt.
If  4 bases doubled the speed of replication it would be selected for.Biology exploits quantum possibilities in photosynthesis so its not to far fetched to wonder about quantum events in living cells.On the back page of my latest NS
theres some interesting stories on the creation of the first ruler.How were the earliest straight tools produced?
Mathematicians such as al Kempe were fascinated.The challenge to design a mechanism consisting of a number of rigid
links joined by simple hinges that would constrain one point to move along a perfect straight line.James Watt's approximate solution used just 4 links.A mathematically accurate using 8 solved the problem in 1864.This was done by a french army engineer,charles-nicholas-Peaucellier.
While mathematical models that make sense are Islands in a sea of uncertainty,(veronica Becher,university of Buenos Aires.)and the law on the Island of Dr Moreu remains not to go on all fours.Four leaf clovers keep popping up.Cilia that resemble them,originally developed at Stanford and proposed for docking micro satellites by a university of washington
team can be seen at Smart materials and structures,vol 10,p 1176.
Four seasons,four horsemen,four stroke motors,Ill think of more,Im shure,four legs good!FORE!

@_date: 2001-12-22 17:22:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May on the end of a rope.  
>>because almost all the libertarians here are anarchists.
I think we are all out of libertarians.(phew!) Fresh air...Aaahh!
 >>(Except, of course, by your peculiar use of the word "anarchist", whereby an anarchist is some who supports an all powerful state that rules by terror, similar to that which the anarchists of Catalonia wound up That is a filthy lie.Last week I urged cypherpunks to compare and contrast the noam chomsky article,"Objectivity and liberal scholarship."with the material jamesd has on display at his website.Also I just reviewed a book on spain at Amazon
called "Durutti: The People Armed.if anyones interested.Jamesd is a proven liar on libertarian socialism,communism and anarchism.He seems rational enough on all subjects other than those.No anarchist supports a powerful,or indeed,any state.Jim Bell seems to be the closest thing to a trad anarchist I've seen on this site.The anarcho-capitalists here are fakes,phonies and frauds that are running but they cant hide,I can see the whites of their eyes.Calling ted turner socialist is not peculiar!?

@_date: 2001-12-22 17:48:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability 
>>>The reasons for this have been debated over and over.  We're at an
 >impasse.
Its not possible for the mousetrap builders to generate interest
in the better stopping of mice.  We don't control the silos of grain
nor the investors therein.  Do not thrash your soul over this.
Thanks david,This little black rats taken a deep breath and moved on.Soulthrashing sounds like fun though.Is it similar to Hellraising?

@_date: 2001-12-22 18:43:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cyber liberty, the lamers crypto-anarchy 
Tim May made a faustian pact when he chose crypto-anarchy over cyber-liberty.By choosing crypto he chose wisely and well.Kudos to a techhead with a screwed down 'tude.We can all see where 'cyber' pulled up.Crypto will always posses hidden mystery,"Get stiff in your crypt!."Cyber is spacey and losing value."Cyber on dude!",Yeah right.Entropy city.
Now we come to anarchy.No one owns it and if they did,they're dead,right?...Wrong. L.Beam didnt invent leaderless resistance and Tim May didn't invent the word See,there was a bunch of people who called themselves anarchists before Timmy was born,while he was spouting methane and there will be anarchists after mays funereal day.They let fools use their good name as long as its not abused and/or twisted out of shape to much.When its pimped,flogged and perverted they may have something to say.
Well what's this all got to do with me? I hear YOU say.Only,like the cliche goes,If you dont know Hirstory...
It'll repeat on you.With the present govt budget for repression anyone vaguely associated with anarchy could easily and quickly share the fate of all those hundreds of thousands of anarchists who've been slaughtered by the states;fascists and communists states.It wont stop the homeland defence force when you say your a capitalist or even a Christian.The moniker anarchist will be your fatal injection.Better run while the runnins good,curse that damn mule Tim May as you run,but run like hell,cos the state is like the pharaoh in ancient Egypt.They don't like their slaves goofin' off and gettin' ideas.
Bad play Timmy,you aint no fuckin' moses,you aint even crazy abe.No,sad to say,Tim Mays the latter day Onan and if we don't start calling ourselves cyber-libertarians soon,we'll all be turned to piles of salt or nailed to a tree.Merry crypto Xmas.

@_date: 2001-12-22 19:00:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cypherpunks in the C.R.A.P. 
Hospital internet system could spot bioterrorist attack
10:09 17 December 01
Duncan Graham-Rowe
A computerized early warning system may soon be monitoring US hospitals for the first signs of a bioterrorist attack. By raising the alarm quickly, it could reduce the spread of diseases such as smallpox, say its developers.
Called the Lightweight Epidemiology Advanced Detection and Emergency Response System, it should spot outbreaks of infectious diseases before doctors are even aware of a problem, says Brigadier General Klaus Schafer, assistant surgeon general for medical readiness, science and technology for the US Air Force.
Via a secure internet connection, LEADERS can extract details of patients' symptoms and lab results from hospital records, regardless of what software a hospital uses. This means hospital staff won't have to do any extra work, says Schafer. "Nurses don't have time to enter stuff into a computer," he says.Leaders,patriot etc,its time for C.R.A.P
Yes the Committee for Reform of An acronym Policy is in the house.Please push hard and give C.R.A.P. all you can.
Happy Politically Correct Holidays
Please accept with no obligation, implied or implicit
my best wishes for an environmentally conscious,
socially responsible, low stress, non-addictive,
gender neutral, celebration of the winter solstice
holiday, practiced within the most enjoyable
traditions of the religious persuasion of your choice,
or secular practices of your choice, with respect for
the religious/secular persuasions and/or traditions of
others, or their choice not to practice religious or
secular traditions at all . . .
. . and a fiscally successful, personally fulfilling,
and medically uncomplicated recognition of the onset
of the generally accepted calendar year 2002, but not
without due respect for the calendars of choice of
other cultures whose contributions to society have
helped make America great, (not to imply that America
is necessarily greater than any other country or is
the only "AMERICA" in the western hemisphere), and
without regard to the race, creed, color, age, physical
ability, religious faith, or choice of computer
platform of the wishee.
(By accepting this greeting, you are accepting these
terms. This greeting is subject to clarification or
withdrawal. It is freely transferable with no
alteration to the original greeting. It implies no
promise by the wisher to actually implement any of the
wishes for her/himself or others, and is void
where prohibited by law, and is revocable at the sole
discretion of the wisher. This wish is warranted to
perform as expected within the usual application of
good tidings for a period of one year, or until the
issuance of a subsequent holiday greeting, whichever
comes first, and warranty is limited to replacement of
this wish or issuance of a new wish at the sole
discretion of the wisher.)
No attorneys were harmed in the making of this
Happy Holidays!

@_date: 2001-12-22 19:13:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Sandy Sandfort! Im on a winner! 
Earn $250 by punching Proffr1 in the face
by Mr $250 2:05pm Sat Dec 22 '01
A $250 bounty exists for the person or persons who avails themselves the pleasure of punching Matthew Taylor in the face.
To redeem the $250 bounty the punch in the face will require him to fall to the ground and or draw blood.
Evidence of the punch to the face and contact details of where the money should be sent to should be posted on Indymedia. (melb)
RINSE and REPEAT! Theres one born every minute.

@_date: 2001-12-23 00:03:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: More on remailers.  
>>Seems to me like a straightforward economic analysis. Rates a remailer operator will charge reflect his cost plus. If the rates become too high, the remailer will go out of business. If customers perceive their privacy is in danger because remailers are going bankrupt and the cloud is shrinking, the remaining remailers will lose revenue and, in extremis, again go out of business. Assuming that all users are using the network roughly equally and therefore paying roughly the same, this suggests there's a critical number of users necessary to keep a for-profit network afloat. But change the assumption about paying equally, and the critical number may approach one. "A small number of high-paying remailer customers" could bankroll the remailer network by providing direct subsidies to the remailer operators or giving out free can-be-used-for-remailing-only tokens to anyone who asks. There might be better ways to do this, but it's late at night and I'm getting pretty tired. But it seems like "yes" is the easy answer to your question. -Declan <<
Straightforward economic analysis,how refreshing! From our resident comped,bottom feeding scribbler. If its true Amazon just turned a profit then the strong possibility exists that the 1st strong and trusted remailer will eventually do the same.The need for remailing should tend to exponential to anyone with a little imagination.A lot of people right now are looking for a new Hawala,others for spam and AP,other horsemen type uses and counters to the threats they pose.The AP threat to capitalism as we know it should not be underestimated as also the threat to infrastructure from hungry mobs,collapse of govts not prepared for,etc.The dynamic effects and turbulence created could easily tear the large nodes to bits.Slow but steady with distrib and P-P is agent Faustines bet and Ill take her up on it.The fate of the earth might come down to a few decent secret agents leaking us info and possibly taking direct action against insane attempts to start ww4.Its late in our participation in mass extinction events,Im getting tired as well.Say goodnight to joshua.

@_date: 2001-12-23 00:10:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: prisoners dilemma,  
'virtual particles'. For a given energy level they can exist for only so long. <<
Que? Bigger what are? Stable states of anarchy? Lets create a global one and synchronize our watches.Wheres your cite's?
 >>I think the goal is to build a society that is long lived and intrudes on the affairs of the individual a minimal amount.
In "age of empires?"trad anarchist theory?Situationalism?Cypherpunks list?On this list anarcho-capitalism or libertarianism is often said to be the goal-a quote on that from Salon..."No libertarian state, after all, has ever existed in the world. (America, incessantly denounced by libertarians as a Great Satan of regulation, is, ironically but not surprisingly, much closer to being that free state than any other developed nation.) This gives libertarianism a futuristic allure that resonates with high-tech visionaries -- but it also raises suspicions that the whole thing is a pipe dream, a vaporous, almost psychotically elaborate "system" that resembles an elaborate science fiction alternate universe, or that plan labored on by Swift's Lagadan "projector" for extracting sunbeams out of cucumbers. When something has never been attempted, it may be because mankind has not evolved sufficiently -- or it may be because it can't be. (Of the libertarian belief that all social difficulties would vanish if a perfectly free market system could be established, the Burkean conservative Russell Kirk wrote, "This was very like saying that if only the Sermon on the Mount were universally obeyed to the letter, sin would vanish from among men. The trouble is that the Sermon on the Mount will not triumph until the end of all things earthly. There exist reasons for believing that the ideal universal free market is nearly so difficult of attainment.")
Libertarianism's cold, Platonic perfectionism arouses suspicions. (Plato's Republic, like the libertarian utopia, is divided hierarchically -- and it's a safe bet that few libertarians believe that when the great Free Market Future dawns they will find themselves shoveling coal in the Race of Iron Steel Mill.) There is something lab-coaty about this philosophy, something that conjures up images of '50s scientists with wire-rimmed glasses and crew cuts: "3:05. We removed all governmental controls. Seventeen subjects died of malnutrition. Three became wealthy. Plague broke out in the southwest quadrant. The experiment continued without further AP? Id like to hear Jim's opinion.Jim Bell that is.I repeat...Possible to have smuggled posts from former list members published? Several > books have been written this way. > Information does want to be free. >

@_date: 2001-12-23 00:39:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Earth to Al Qaeda.When the going gets tough,the tough turn 
Proffr1 as devils advocate.OK,things did not go as planned,the lousy Infidel prefer to drop bombs and kill by remote control.
No sweat.A guerilla campaign will start sooner or later and the next time it could be different.How?
Through the grace of allah,blessed be to allah,we now stand ready to launch operation soft drill.All you need is the internet,e-dinars and your targets.The US airforce,all relatives and friends of members of the US airforce,all those who supply and cater to the US air force.Hell,almost any large crowd of norte americano tax payers.
See the problem when you kill so many innocents as you did in africa and new york is the blowback is brutal.
The beauty of targeted action or assassination politics is only the perp gets popped.Its easier to sell.The price on your head could go through the roof but its so high now its practically meaningless to raise it and we are prepared for eternal martyrdom with the virgins anyway,right?
To sum up,dont despair.You have much to be proud of,from saving our friends in FARC to spreading the good news of Hawala.From restoring the classic NYC skyline to striking the very heart of evil at the pentagon.From showing the awesome leveraged might of low tech-high concept attack as best defence,just in time manufacturing and low hierachy with strict 'need to know',global strategy,public relations and marketing brilliance,(at least early on)and distributed sleeper networks with internet links,al quada has blazed some new trails down which some/one have already followed.Salaam and shookoran to you,may allah bless and keep you safe.The last empire will fall,trust me on this.Stand on me.Your bud,proffr1

@_date: 2001-12-23 00:46:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Danny Glover Under Attack by Oliver North 
Danny Glover Under Attack by Oliver North et al (english)
by popopo 12:15am Sat Dec 22 '01 (Modified on 3:18am Sat Dec 22 '01)
because he is against the death penalty and that is being used to target him in another one of these right-wing smear campaigns the country is so fond of right now.
Ingles) Date: Tue, 18 Dec 2001 15:57:28 -0800
-0800 Subject: Danny Glover Under Attack
Dear member of the State of the Possible community,
Here's a message to act on and to send on to your networks.
Danny Glover, actor, activist, and board member of the Positive Futures Network, has been coming under a hailstorm of attacks based on an incident following a speech he gave at Princeton on November 16.
This is not just about Danny. It's about all of us. As Danny noted in his speech "When we fear, we clamp down on those who do not think like us or who do not look like us." We see that happening everywhere, as our leaders look for total support for their military agenda and view dissent as As we enter this McCarthyesque period, I think we are all called upon to be more courageous, more articulate in our views, and more supportive of one HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED TO DANNY
On November 16, at the invitation of the local Amnesty International chapter, Danny gave a speech about the death penalty to a packed auditorium at Princeton University. Danny is well known for his opposition to the death penalty. He pointed out that 98 death row inmates have recently been released after new evidence demonstrated their innocence. He also noted the racial bias in the system in which 43 percent of 741 executed prisoners were African Americans. His speech was received enthusiastically by a sympathetic audience.
After the close of the speech, when many had already left the auditorium, a young man questioned Danny in such racist language that the remaining audience booed the questioner. Danny signaled for quiet, saying we need to listen to all. The questioner accused Danny of "playing the victim" and suggested he go back and fix his own communities rather than blame racism. He also wanted to know if Danny would extend his opposition to the death penalty to Osama bin Laden. Danny affirmed his opposition to the death penalty, period. The provocative exchange continued, with Danny noting that America has been a key purveyor of violence in this world. Danny also voiced his objections to the military tribunals that President Bush has These comments have elicited a hailstorm of outrage. For two weeks The Trentonian newspaper ran angry comments suggesting that if Danny didn't love this country he should leave it -- and worse. Oliver North broadcast the story across the country on his Radio America show, provoking hundreds of hate-filled calls to Danny's agency in Los Angeles. North urged his audience to boycott The Royal Tenenbaums -- a movie to be released in late December in which Danny stars along with Gwyneth Paltrow, Gene Hackman, Anjelica Huston, Ben Stiller, Bill Murray, and others.
In Modesto, California, the controversy caused the City Council to pull out of sponsoring Danny as the featured speaker for the celebration of Martin Luther King Day. Fortunately, the local planning committee for the event has maintained their invitation and Danny plans to speak. According to the Modesto Bee, "John Lucas, president of the Modesto Peace Life Center, one of the sponsors, noted that King himself was controversial and criticized the Vietnam War. Lucas does not think Glover's views are much different from those King might have had if he were alive today. 'The interesting thing I find is that Martin Luther King wouldn't be invited to his own event,'" he said.
WHAT YOU CAN DO
Those who would stifle dissent are quick to express their opinions and target anyone who takes a larger view of patriotism. We too must be ready to respond quickly in our vigilant defense of real democracy.
**MODESTO: Show support for Danny -- and for free speech -- in Modesto. If you know anyone around that area, urge them to attend! Danny will speak on Saturday, January 19 at 7:00 p.m. at the Christ Unity Baptist Church at 1320 L St. in Modesto (Call the Peace Life Center for further information: Fax the Modesto City Council at 209/571-5586 or write them at Modesto City Council, P.O. Box 642, Modesto CA 94341 saying you support free speech and disagree with their decision to pull their backing for Danny's appearance at the MLK Day activities.
**THE MOVIE: Here's an easy one. See the Royal Tenenbaums -- don't let Ollie North's call for a boycott depress the box office.
**MLK Day. Let's celebrate Martin Luther King Day with an extra measure of clarity about his courage in consistently urging this nation to live up to its ideals of democracy, freedom, and peace.
**SUPPORT EACH OTHER. Let's look for every opportunity to support one another. What happened to Danny is happening to many others. This is a time for courage and mutual support.
Frances F. Korten, Executive Director The Positive Futures Network, publisher of YES! magazine P.O. Box 10818, Bainbridge Island, WA 98110 206/842-0216 fkorten at futurenet.org  --
Frances F. Korten Executive Director Positive Futures Network PO Box 10818 Bainbridge Island, WA 98110 fkorten at futurenet.org  206/842-0216 (tel) 206/842-5208 (fax)
1 other thing (english)
by proffr1 at etc 3:18am Sat Dec 22 '01
Support the proffr "kill ollie" campaign.Start by sending ON copies of "assassination politics",by jim bell.If he cant take a hint,pool and pledge enough to pay the closest prediction of ONs permanent retirement from politics.Something thats long overdue.
"Simon wiesenthal was under the impression that tracking down people who did bad things for the government was not only acceptable, but in fact We need some vietnamese simons,some central and southern american simons and some arabic and Iranian simons.Im an anti-militarist simon.Oliver North is a liar,murderer by remote control and green collar crook.The scum deserves to die.Good riddance ollie,you straining anus.

@_date: 2001-12-23 02:04:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: book  
>>Bought a copy of True Names and read it last night. Great story, especially considering the date. The first net-fi I read was Neuromancer in Im yet to have the pleasure of either,Does 'Billion dollar brain",by len Deighton squeeze into the genre?
 >>R. Stallman's Right to Read short story is sickeningly close to reality. I don't care one way or the other if Microsoft patents and creates an OS that does DRM but I do care about having it forced down my throat at the hands of congressvermin and corporations which, as I see it, is practically a certainty.<<
They are patenting our DNA,the freeTM market is a very strict mistress.MS and its precious code is now listed as a security risk. The wisdom of insecurity by watts,springs to mind."when you can snatch the source code from my fingers..."
Dont knock corporations here mike, jamesd will be on your case like a latter day roy cohn.Tims freeper hatchet man.
 >>Tim's essay was mostly the familiar stuff, nicely organized and presented. The style was almost academic but I notice he did slip one "spokesvermin" reference in there<<
Tim says jya should not be seen as representative of this list.Ill take him over timmy anyday.Tim May is well past his useby date.The familiar stuff deconstructs into lame self mythologizing,dead data and puff pieces on Academic in the use of jargon,obscurantist verbiage,pretentious drivel,reactionary nonsense?I'm not surprised.
 >>So, Tim, we seem to have raced closer if not past the fork in the road, especially since September. Recalling Yogi Berra's "when you come to the fork in the road, take it", have we taken it? And if so which path?
Tim May: Deja vu all over again.Verbal contracts not worth the paper they're written on,etc...Fork off tim.
 >>The fork analogy may be too simple. The natural path for a vital culture is the crypto-anarchist path. The path of increasing state control is the natural path for the maintenance and accumulation of power. We all see the forces in operation, it's pretty much the topic 24/7. I think the forces that bind this mess together increase with distance, the more free the net becomes the greater the perceived threat and the desire to reign it in. The tighter the controls the greater the desire to break free. On each side there are those for whom compromise is unacceptable. In the middle are the nearly oblivious masses who can with varying degrees of success be swayed one way or the other from time to time. Fear seems to be their main motivator. <<
30% of the pop may support the revolution,30% may oppose it,the rest are on the fence.The way to leverage relatively small no's through anonymity and the web is to use AP to defend and extend the web."the net is closing in"and not just on bin laden.What anarchy? Why die for timmy mays casper milquetoast version when the real things on the streets.
Alternatively,lie low,stay anon,the state of grace is quad anon.Both will be needed.Mays cod anarchism will not.
Fear is the key and the only thing to fear is fear itself."extremely dark markets'should not be feared.Viva anarchy!
 >>Rather than making a choice and following any single path we are following two concurrent and divergent paths and the energy level is increasing. We are headed for a period of escalation. It's definitely a new 'War on Drugs' scenario, just as dangerous, just as futile and just as sustainable. Mike <<
Who's this "we",whiteman? After prohibition 2,vietnam 2,bush 2 its time for civil war 2.The coasts march on crawford and liberate the chicago and minnesota communes.In the dreamtime of one persyn who's been down the other side of the mountain and knows the world can live out the true meaning of this creed,"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;Socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality." Bakunin:  Sustainable is as sustainable does.

@_date: 2001-12-23 02:15:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Danny Glover Vs Oliver North 
by popopo 12:15am Sat Dec 22 '01 (Modified on 3:18am Sat Dec 22 '01)
because he is against the death penalty and that is being used to target him in another one of these right-wing smear campaigns the country is so fond of right now.
Ingles) Date: Tue, 18 Dec 2001 15:57:28 -0800
-0800 Subject: Danny Glover Under Attack
Dear member of the State of the Possible community,
Here's a message to act on and to send on to your networks.
Danny Glover, actor, activist, and board member of the Positive Futures Network, has been coming under a hailstorm of attacks based on an incident following a speech he gave at Princeton on November 16.
This is not just about Danny. It's about all of us. As Danny noted in his speech "When we fear, we clamp down on those who do not think like us or who do not look like us." We see that happening everywhere, as our leaders look for total support for their military agenda and view dissent as As we enter this McCarthyesque period, I think we are all called upon to be more courageous, more articulate in our views, and more supportive of one HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED TO DANNY
On November 16, at the invitation of the local Amnesty International chapter, Danny gave a speech about the death penalty to a packed auditorium at Princeton University. Danny is well known for his opposition to the death penalty. He pointed out that 98 death row inmates have recently been released after new evidence demonstrated their innocence. He also noted the racial bias in the system in which 43 percent of 741 executed prisoners were African Americans. His speech was received enthusiastically by a sympathetic audience.
After the close of the speech, when many had already left the auditorium, a young man questioned Danny in such racist language that the remaining audience booed the questioner. Danny signaled for quiet, saying we need to listen to all. The questioner accused Danny of "playing the victim" and suggested he go back and fix his own communities rather than blame racism. He also wanted to know if Danny would extend his opposition to the death penalty to Osama bin Laden. Danny affirmed his opposition to the death penalty, period. The provocative exchange continued, with Danny noting that America has been a key purveyor of violence in this world. Danny also voiced his objections to the military tribunals that President Bush has These comments have elicited a hailstorm of outrage. For two weeks The Trentonian newspaper ran angry comments suggesting that if Danny didn't love this country he should leave it -- and worse. Oliver North broadcast the story across the country on his Radio America show, provoking hundreds of hate-filled calls to Danny's agency in Los Angeles. North urged his audience to boycott The Royal Tenenbaums -- a movie to be released in late December in which Danny stars along with Gwyneth Paltrow, Gene Hackman, Anjelica Huston, Ben Stiller, Bill Murray, and others.
In Modesto, California, the controversy caused the City Council to pull out of sponsoring Danny as the featured speaker for the celebration of Martin Luther King Day. Fortunately, the local planning committee for the event has maintained their invitation and Danny plans to speak. According to the Modesto Bee, "John Lucas, president of the Modesto Peace Life Center, one of the sponsors, noted that King himself was controversial and criticized the Vietnam War. Lucas does not think Glover's views are much different from those King might have had if he were alive today. 'The interesting thing I find is that Martin Luther King wouldn't be invited to his own event,'" he said.
WHAT YOU CAN DO
Those who would stifle dissent are quick to express their opinions and target anyone who takes a larger view of patriotism. We too must be ready to respond quickly in our vigilant defense of real democracy.
**MODESTO: Show support for Danny -- and for free speech -- in Modesto. If you know anyone around that area, urge them to attend! Danny will speak on Saturday, January 19 at 7:00 p.m. at the Christ Unity Baptist Church at 1320 L St. in Modesto (Call the Peace Life Center for further information: Fax the Modesto City Council at 209/571-5586 or write them at Modesto City Council, P.O. Box 642, Modesto CA 94341 saying you support free speech and disagree with their decision to pull their backing for Danny's appearance at the MLK Day activities.
**THE MOVIE: Here's an easy one. See the Royal Tenenbaums -- don't let Ollie North's call for a boycott depress the box office.
**MLK Day. Let's celebrate Martin Luther King Day with an extra measure of clarity about his courage in consistently urging this nation to live up to its ideals of democracy, freedom, and peace.
**SUPPORT EACH OTHER. Let's look for every opportunity to support one another. What happened to Danny is happening to many others. This is a time for courage and mutual support.
Frances F. Korten, Executive Director The Positive Futures Network, publisher of YES! magazine P.O. Box 10818, Bainbridge Island, WA 98110 206/842-0216 fkorten at futurenet.org  --
Frances F. Korten Executive Director Positive Futures Network PO Box 10818 Bainbridge Island, WA 98110 fkorten at futurenet.org  206/842-0216 (tel) 206/842-5208 (fax)
1 other thing (english)
by proffr1 at etc 3:18am Sat Dec 22 '01
Support the proffr "kill ollie" campaign.Start by sending ON copies of "assassination politics",by jim bell.If he cant take a hint,pool and pledge enough to pay the closest prediction of ONs permanent retirement from politics.Something thats long overdue.
"Simon wiesenthal was under the impression that tracking down people who did bad things for the government was not only acceptable, but in fact We need some vietnamese simons,some central and southern american simons and some arabic and Iranian simons.Im an anti-militarist simon.Oliver North is a liar,murderer by remote control and green collar crook.The scum deserves to die.Good riddance ollie,you straining anus.
Im suprised the friends and relatives of some of the 80 US marines havent punched ollie a new one.
The fact that cold blooded state torture and murder is carried out by volunteers in the prison service would seem to make them almost perfect AP nominee's.Creepy fuckers like that would surely not be missed and the govt would learn who was boss.

@_date: 2001-12-23 02:46:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Steal This Essay 1: Content Is a Pure Public Good,  
Given a clone your own kit for an early xmas pressy Im splicing a rotweiller and a Shoat.Ill keep you posted.
  tech ripping you off? Just add more tech."Property is theft"Proudon.

@_date: 2001-12-23 02:55:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: More Jailed Punks  
A - I N F O S  N E W S  S E R V I C E
               ________________________________________________
3 punks from Warsaw were sentenced yesterday by Warsaw court to 3,5 years of
prison for alleged assault and robbery of 3 nazi skinheads. Fourth accused
were cleared of charges and remains free. Verdict will be appealed.
Judge gave show of total ignorance and hostility against punks, talking
about their style of dressing etc.
Sentence is very high as none of the accused were previously sentenced and
they had clear criminal record. It was clear attempt to punish them for what
they are.
soja, ABC Bialystok

@_date: 2001-12-23 02:59:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Eurorepression worst since you know when. 
In Britain we can feel proud that we are leading the way in the race to the
bottom of the civil liberties barrel. On Monday the Anti-Terrorism, Crime
and Security Act became law - two days later eight people became the lucky
winners in the 'we've decided you're a terrorist so were locking you up
without trial' Christmas draw.
This hotch-potch of a bill includes not just internment (see SchNEWS 331),
but a whole host of civil liberty busting BLAH. As Raif Smyth from the
Coalition Against the Terror Act said "The truth is, the mandarins at the
Home Office have used the Bill as a Trojan horse to get into law all the
dodgy proposals at the bottom of their filing cabinets." In Europe, heads
of state are pushing ahead with an "anti-terrorism roadmap" with plans to
add two new databases on the Schengen Information System (SIS - see SchNEWS
312). SIS already holds files on nearly one and a half million people. One
of the new databases would cover public order and protests and lead to,
"Barring potentially dangerous persons from participating in certain
events." Such as anti capitalist protests outside international summits by
any chance? "Targetted" suspects would be tagged with an "alert" on the SIS
computer, barring them from entering the country where a protest or event
was taking place.
In the Czech Republic, a new law permits the prosecution of people
expressing sympathy for the attacks on New York, or even of those
sympathising with the sympathisers! Already one Czech journalist, Tomas
Pecina, a reporter for the Prague-based investigative journal Britske
Listy, has been arrested and charged for criticising the use of the law, on
the grounds that this makes him, too, a supporter of terrorism. Meanwhile
in Turkey, that well known human rights haven, just publishing a book by
Noam Chomsky could land Fatih Tas with a fine or spell in prison, under the
country's anti-terrorism laws. Chomsky apparently overstepped the mark when
he wrote in 'US Interventions': "the Kurds have been oppressed throughout
history... but that changed (in 1984) tens of thousands of people were
killed, two or three million had to migrate, 3,500 villages were
destroyed... an intense ethnic clean-up." So while it's ok for the Turkish
state to carry out attacking the Kurds, it's terrorism and "separatist
propaganda" to talk about it.

@_date: 2001-12-23 03:01:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: America Psycho 
COURT-KNAPPING In America, more than 1,200 people have so far been held in connection with the attacks on September 11th - most because of the colour of their skin. The majority of those arrested have nothing to do with terrorism, but have been jailed for minor visa violations that normally would be ignored. Take Ali Al-Maqtari, a Yemeni immigrant who spent eight weeks in jail. Al-Maqtari told the Senate Judiciary Committee about being interrogated for 12 hours, lied to by the FBI, accused of beating his wife, then locked up unable to contact his wife or solicitors. All because his wife wore a head scarf to a recruiting centre when she enlisted in the Army, spoke in a foreign language (French), and because soldiers found box cutters and New York City postcards in their car. Or what about Samir Khalaf, a Palestinian who worked at a gas station in Connecticut. He went to the hospital with chest pains on Sept. 12. People thought he was acting suspicious. They called the police, who called the FBI. After his emergency operation, the Feds took him - against doctors' advice - to jail. There he remained, charged with failure to get a work permit. However, he was in the country legally and was quickly cleared of terrorism suspicion and an immigration judge ruled at the beginning of October that he could go home. But then the Immigration and Naturalization Service wouldn't let him go until November. Michael Boyle, solicitor for Al-Maqtari, told the US Senate meeting discussing the Department of Justice actions that these aren't isolated incidents, but are "part of a pattern of excessive detention and disrespect for the rights of non-citizens." The war on terrorism has become a war on people - if you're the wrong colour, have the wrong views, or are merely in the wrong place at the wrong time, then you better watch out because you could potentially be the next terrorist. * Coalition Against the Terrorism Act c/o Haldane Society, Conway Hall, 25 Red Lion Square, London WC1R 4RL Tel: 0845 458 2966  * Read full story of America's detainees on

@_date: 2001-12-23 03:09:35
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Anarchists and old lace. 
TRANSPORT DREAMING
I don't want to give Mr. Bob Annells, the Executive Chairman of Connex,
nightmares, but his statement on the front page of the Age (Dec 11) that
transport operators in Melbourne face entrenched cultural factors that
underpin fare evasion that include everyone from anarchists to little old
ladies. "We have everything from the anarchists who believe they are
bringing down the capitalist system by riding for free, to the little old
ladies, who say they are making a social protest about privitisation and the
removal of tram conductors" , is much closer to the mark, than he realises.
Some of the most persistent critics of the privitisation of public
transport, are little old ladies, who are part of Melbourne's anarchist
community. What gives them that fire in the belly that sustains their
campaigns against corporations like Connex, is their disgust at the type of
society Australia has become.
They are sick and tired of listening to trans-national corporations that pay
minimal tax call on the public, to subsidise their losses, while they're
happy to transfer their profits to their head offices overseas. They're
sick and tired of seeing workers taking the brunt of the corporate cost
cutting exercises and commuters being treated as criminals. They're sick
and tired of seeing the run down of an essential public service, the public
transport system, but most importantly of all, they are sick and tired of
seeing lame duck governments that theoretically represent the people
representing the interests of the Corporate Sector.
If Mr. Annells is so concerned about the lack of Connex's ability to make a
profit, because of the entrenched cultural factors surrounding fare evasion
in Melbourne, why doesn't he do all of us a favour and give the half of
Melbourne's train network that Connex runs, back to the State government.
If the State government is serious about representing the interests of the
people of Victoria, not the Corporate Sector, why don't they all do
Victorian's a favour and make public transport free in this State? The
social, cultural, economic and environmental benefits of such an audacious
move on the part of the State government, would far outweigh the cost to the
State. Just in case the Peter Batchelors of the world throw up their hands
in horror and say, "the State government doesn't have the money for such a
move." The money can be found by removing corporate subsides and by placing
a levy on every motor vehicle and every ratable property in the State. Any
short term political resistance to such a move, would be far outweighed by
the long-term benefits to the Victorian community.
And then free ISPs please,TIA.proffr1.

@_date: 2001-12-23 03:13:22
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A.Are anarcho-capitalists part of the anarchist 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER
Q. Are anarcho-capitalists part of the anarchist movement?
A. Anarcho-capitalism, a philosophy taken up by the Libertarian wing of the
New Right in the United States, has nothing to do with anarchism.
Capitalist societies do not need the State to survive, but they do need
privatised defence forces to survive. When you have one group of people
amassing wealth (anarcho-capitalists) and another group working to amass
that wealth for them, you have all the ingredients that are needed to create
private armies. These armies are needed to protect the assets of those
people who use other people's labor to amass their wealth.
The twentieth century reformist state evolved as a direct consequence of the
rising levels of violence that were occurring between those who produced
wealth and those who amassed it. A limited state apparatus, the type that
anarcho-capitalists need to survive, has limited functions, it protects
those with power and wealth and does not interfere when those who amass
wealth exploits those who make wealth for them.
The reformist state has evolved to protect those with power and wealth from
violence by limiting their ability (not removing their ability) to exploit
those who make wealth for them. Anarchism cannot exist without people
having both the power to determine their own affairs, as well as having
access to the common wealth. You can make all the decisions you like, but
if you don't have access to the resources to make those decisions a reality,
having the power to make decisions doesn't mean much.
Anarcho-capitalists believe in and accept inequalities in wealth. They want
to create a society where they can amass all the wealth they like, without
having to worry about a state apparatus, setting limits on the methods they
use to acquire that wealth. They want to replace the reformist state with
private armies that they control, that's why they want to break the power of
the centralized State. They have no interest in creating societies that
hold wealth in common and that allow the people involved in a decision to
make that decision.

@_date: 2001-12-23 03:21:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: May day hirstory.The anarchist thread. 
The idea of International May Day was
conceived in the United States in 1884 at a conference of the Federated
Trades and Labour Unions of the United States and Canada. The conference
launched an intensive 8 hour day campaign, which was to culminate in
wide-spread struggles on the 1st May 1886. The anarchist labour agitators
in Chicago in 1886 who came out in support of the workers, who were killed
at Mc Cormacks as a result of this campaign, were arrested and five were
hung on trumped up murder charges. All were pardoned a decade after their
The International Labour Congress, which was held in Paris on the 14th of
July 1889, decided to make the 1st of May 1890, "a day of international
demonstration". The Melbourne Anarchist Club - Australia's first anarchist
organisation, was formed on the 1st of May 1886. Members of the Melbourne
Anarchist Club held May Day observations in 1887 and 1888, the only people
in Australia to do so. Victoria held its first official May Day celebration
on the 1st of May 1890 at an indoor meeting. The first public celebration
of May Day in Melbourne was held at the Yarra Bank on the 1st of May 1892
and the meeting was chaired by the Melbourne Anarchist Chummy Fleming.
While the Melbourne May Day Committee continues to celebrate May Day in
Melbourne with a demonstration on the 1st Sunday after May Day, Melbourne's
Anarchists have continued to celebrate May Day on the 1st of May. In 2001,
many trade unions based in Melbourne, also celebrated May Day on the 1st of
May.Your humble corespondent is under a bond to be of good behavior, for one year, for offences against property of Mc Donalds and BHP Billiton done on
that day. It was worth it.Long live Anarchy.

@_date: 2001-12-23 14:38:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May on the end of a rope.,  
>>Last week I urged cypherpunks to
 > compare and contrast the noam chomsky article,"Objectivity
 > and liberal scholarship."with the material jamesd has on
 > display at his website.
 >>You cite Chomsky as evidence for the truthfullness of
I suggest cypherpunks interested in the perversion of the word anarchy as used by crypto-fascists like Tim May read widely,compare and contrast.Try murray Bookchin's "the spanish anarchists"and Gaston Leval.George Orwell,Abel Paz.
If you dont like chompsky.At the very least Hugh thomas.to balance jamesd's  >>> No anarchist supports a powerful,or indeed,any state
 >>Yet you cite (as evidence that I am a liar) Ian McKay's
article on the Catalonian anarchists, in which he concedes
that the anarchists wound up creating what most people would
call a state, indeed a terrorist dictatorship, but argues
that I am lying in that such a state was a good thing, and
run by nice people, deeply concerned for the welfare of the
I maintain that someone relying on your site for information on Spain,without other sources,would be misled at the very least.To leave out is another way to lie.I dont know who Ian McKay is but Durruti did say,"war makes jackals of us all"
Lenin stole anarchist slogans and instituted a terrorist dictatorship.There exists a grave danger that crypto-anarchy as promoted by liars would create a terrorist dictatorship.The more knowledge we have of hirstorical anarchy we have the better.That means a wide variety of sources quoting from documents.I still prefer chomsky on spain to you jamesd.
 >>>.Jim Bell seems to be the closest thing to a trad anarchist
 > I've seen on this site
 >>What you are calling traditional anarchists were not
"traditional" until 1938. When anarcho socialists found
themselves implementing socialism in only possible form, in
the form of a terrorist state, some recoiled, and some
redefined anarchy to mean rule by a terror state, rule
unrestricted by law and based on force, reinterpreting their
pre 1936 positions in the light of the new post 1938
"Anarcho-socialist","is redundant and unusual.Ive not come across it in wide reading of anarchist texts.Who are the 'some' you refer to? No one Ive heard of. Anarcho-statist is an oxymoron like anarcho-capitalist.There are people who call themselves anarcho-communists.I argue with them sometimes.There are a wide range of views within anarchism.
Trad anarchist is what I would say those views at the center were at the time a snapshot was taken.Anarchist don't "implement"anarchism,anarchism grows organically and exponentially or lays low while marxists and nazi's If you hate authoritarian and national socialism,I agree.You go over the top mixing libertarian socialism in with them.
 >>>.The anarcho-capitalists here are fakes,phonies and
 > frauds that are running but they cant hide,I can see the
 > whites of their eyes.Calling ted turner socialist is not
 > peculiar!?
Ted Turner calls himself socialist. His network used to emit
commie propaganda with great regularity, though since Fox
news started in competition, they have laid off the commie
CNN used to emit commie propaganda,did they? Fascinating! I rest my case at this point.Tailgunner Jamesd has the last word.

@_date: 2001-12-23 14:57:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: America Psycho  
>>Given a clone your own kit for an early xmas pressy Im splicing a rotweiller and a Shoat.Ill keep you posted.
To paraphrase Mr Shrub,you're a major league ass hole."Witness those little white men practising their alibis."Indeed.

@_date: 2001-12-23 15:30:55
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: "True Names", Tims approaching singularity. 
>>It goes without saying that anyone attempting a real digital cash
system must do so with no traceable nexus to himself, his programmers,
his assets, or his physical nexus. Freezing of assets under earlier
FinCEN and money-laundering laws would be the least of his worries.<>By "classical" thinking, "Assassination Politics" would have to be the best, tightest-security, more protected organization that has ever existed on the face of this planet. Just about EVERY powerful person would want to kill anybody who had anything to do with such a system. The codes would have to be unbreakable, the remailers would have to be certain, but most importantly, each and every participant would have to be perfectly anonymous to even have a prayer of pulling it off. Especially the operators of such a system. Especially them.<>I don't disagree with your view. The nature of the upcoming battle is
becoming clear. This is one reason I have been hoping in recent years
that someone simply wipes out Washington, D.C. Vaporizing the millions
of statists and liberal fascists who work in that viper pit would be a
public good. If some innocents die, big deal. They should get out while
they can. If they don't, think of it as evolution in action.<<
Dont mess with,"extremely dark markets,"just approve the murder of innocent millions.May as OBL.No morals and ultimately no reason.Chest thumping and showboating from an alpha baboon whose rainbows fading.Those in the employ of the state should get out before the "extremely dark markets"start.Tim should just get out.
 >>...the vaporization of Greater Washington would go a long way toward
ending this War on (Some) Drugs. Let's just hope the reports that UBL
and Al Quida smuggled two RP-59 suitcase nukes to the West are correct.
Tim and his buddy heiney,cold nuclear warriors.Hopefully tim will be buried in a lead lined coffin soon,real soon.I have friends in DC.you fucking west coast bill white.Those ninja you see coming for you might not be feds.Im mailing you some good ol aussie plutonium.Knock yourself out.

@_date: 2001-12-23 20:47:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May in a box. 
Matts monetarism is an advance on Milton Friedmans;Everyone a mint means the govt no longer has to keep a tight fist on the money supply.Its supply of money is rapidly depleted as no taxes come in.All attempts to collect tax meeting stiff resistance ranging from civil and passive disobedience all the way up to the disappearance's of several highly placed IRS agents.I'm confident enough now to offer 100,000,000$ BUMs or US dollars for the head of GWB.While the remailer threads been interesting,the fact that one of the very first in would be Soprano waste management's APster for hitmen.
Fascist celebrities,crypto-fascists,the entire oligarchy would be wiped out almost overnight.Where the hell are they going to fly to that's not online? Funny if they all wound up in Afghanistan.Might help the local economy recover.The mexican wave of crypto-anarchy will sweep all nations before it.When you see the lungs of America collapse and the life pass out of the last empire,who will stand against that power?Everyone with a computer is a remailer.Everyone can become a mint with the knowledge that reputations,financial especially,will be measured in negative terms such as AP nominations.Such is life.
Cruel are the times when we are traitors
and do not know ourselves;When we hold rumor
from what we fear,yet know not what we fear,
but float upon a wild and violent sea
each way...and none.

@_date: 2001-12-24 13:13:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May on the end of a rope. 
>>Is it a lie to neglect to mention that Adolf Hitler was kind
to dogs? Or that Stalin was courageous and did well in
school? Or that there were lots of women that Jeffrey Dahmer
did not torture, kill, and eat?<<
True,everyone has some good points.even you,measl and timothy"Dahmer"May.
 >>It is certainly true that
all sorts of nice people had all sorts of good intentions in
Catalonia, but when they attempted to implement those good
intentions, they mostly found themselves using the old
familiar methods of recently existent socialism,<<
The popularly elected govt was under attack from a falangist,military coup,Its worth close study from the beginning and to get the clearest picture read widely."Objectivity and liberal scholarship's",a good place to start.Also "homage to Catalonia"by george Orwell.There were some exciting developments and they weren't "implemented"so much as arose spontaneously.The stalinists found themselves using old familiar methods.The libertarian socialists kicked butt.
 >>and when
they did not use those methods, socialism did not work. That
is the important truth about Catalonia, <<
Libertarian socialism did work,see Gaston Leval,Bookchin,Paz,Chomsky and even H.Thomas.Stalinism,or authoritarian socialism did not work.The important truth about Catalonia is Libertarian socialism did work and will  >>and all the other
truths, the truths that some people were sincere, the truths
that some people had good intentions, are irrelevant. I do
mention those truths, briefly. Unlike the sources you prefer
I do not go into lengthy spiels describing those wonderful
good intentions while ignoring the actual outcome. <<
I'm not attracted to libertarian socialism by sincere and good intentions.I'm attracted to it because it holds the best hope of maximizing my freedom and limiting violence.The intentions and sincerity of any political movement are secondary concerns.I simply want to know what's in it for me.The close study of what real people do in real revolutionary periods is very revealing.You should try it sometime.Chomsky and Orwell are quite brief and to the point.I trust them on Spain.

@_date: 2001-12-24 14:47:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Deconstructing Timothy. 
>>I'd rather see a company starting on a shoestring, with surplus desks from Repo Depot, with crowded offices, and with no money wasted on frivolities. Especially if I'm an investor!<<
And you'd probably be wasting your money cos good code needs quiet private reasonably pleasant surroundings.Not digbert cubicles run by simon legree.
 >>(I faced a similar choice in 1974: some of the places I was considering were known for their lavish expense accounts, their nice offices. Other places were more spartan (that's a good word to think about). I chose one of the spartan places, Intel. A lot of those other companies I could have gone to went nowhere.)<<
Yes we all know how much you prefer Sparta to Athens.Arbeit macht frei.
 >>This applies to marketdroids as well. Startup companies get larded-up with marketing departments when there is little to market. The huges staffs of some of the companies we all know about is an example. (Just as bad: the hiring of ex-government officials, regulators, etc. But I digress.) <<
 >YAWN<
 >>I agree and disagree. I agree that the core crypto is sort of established. However, how many examples of it do we see? Few. How many of the programmers here on this list (there must be a few dozen who call themselves programmers, professionally) have ever implemented anything remotely similar to digital cash? (I don't call myself a programmer, but I fool around. The closest I have come to the above is when about 10 years ago I wrote a simple RSA implementation in Mathematica, just to make sure I had all the "Euler totient function" kind of crapola down straight.) <<
More drivel,Tim getting senile? The ronnie raygun of the cypherpunk pantheon?
 >>PayPal took off pretty fast. So did VISA and MasterCard in their day. I think and hope someone will cut through all of the b.s. and do something that takes off. As I mentioned a few days ago, one of the reasons we wanted to have a session on "implementing digital money" was to brainstorm these issues. Maybe we should try again. By the way, if "lots of people can turn the algorithm into reliable code," where _are_ the implementations? I see bits and pieces. <<
I see dead people.Especially people like timmy.
 >>I don't think things happen because of "evangelists." Evangelists didn't give us the transistor, the IC, the microprocessor, the early personal computers, or even the Mac (where Apple was famous for hiring "evangelists," e.g., Guy Kawasaki). Discussing this would require a longer article here than I'm interested in writing. To be sure, advertising BankAmericard (VISA) and other credit cards was and is a big business. People have to know a technology exists and then want to use it. Evangelizing digital cash, when no real digital cash implementation exists, is getting things backwards. <<
Bollocks and stale to boot.Not the 1st time tims got things ass about though.(can provide examples on request.)
 >>Lucky can tell us what the real level of technology was. My impression is that it was a cleaned-up version of Chaum's earlier code (or the code of his early 90s programmers, that is) and did "uninteresting" things. And since it wasn't payee-untraceable, interesting uses for trading banned materials were not possible. (My recollection, though I could be wrong, was that Mark Twain Bank also had the usual ISP-like junk about acceptable uses and how accounts could be cancelled for "inappropriate uses.") A lot of these applications are just "toy uses." Not even the True Believers, most of us, <<
Ahem,True believers? The next steps,evangelists.Shurley some mishtake.
 >>would waste our time and money opening a Mark Twain Bank account so we could flash our account cards, or whatever, at local parties and meetings. I don't know of anyone, besides Lucky, who ever used the system. It is true, and we've talked about it many times, that most people don't care about anonymity and untraceability.<<
They are even taking the "let it all hang out' road with APster! and flashing more than account cards!
  >>They don't care that their "Fast Pass" turnpike passes can (and sometimes are) be used to track their movements, to find out when they were on the New Jersey Turnpike and which exit they got off at. 99.9984% of them figure no one will bother to check. So the market for Chaumian ecash for car passes never materialized. A big part of the problem is the lack of evolutionary learning. <<
Is that when you learn the meaning of the basic words you use,like  >>This is a problem with our patent system, especially for software. A number of years ago I wrote an article about how patents for hardware work because the produced good "meters" the patent: no one cared what uses were made of the microprocessor because every sale was a sale, thus paying for all of the various R&D and patents and so for the chip companies. With software (*), there is much concern about what uses are made. Because of replicability of the product. (* I don't mean a software product like Microsoft Office. It is true that no one cares what use is made of a copy of Office, provided it was legitimately bought. I mean software like "RSA," where sale of a general license has to be very carefully planned.) Because Chaum wished to make money (not an ignoble goal), he limited access to the core of his system. (Whatever you want to call it, the algorithms, the implementations, the ability of others to build products, etc.) There were a series of "future by design" projects, but little evolutionary learning. (Contrast to the aircraft or chip businesses, where hundreds of companies failed, planes crashed, new designs were tried, patents were cross-licensed or bought, companies rose and fell, products proliferated...) It's not easy to build a company around an algorithm.<<
Or a reputation on blithering blather,Its like cypherpunk elevator muzak isnt it?
  RSA succeeded, but it faced years of shoestring operation troubles (I visited their crowded offices in Redwood Shores, circa 1990-1). And it had arguably the most important patent portfolio of all. (Levy's "Crypto" details the history, and the almost out of business experiences.) I see way too many Cypherpunks jabbering about "raising money." Most don't.<<
I dont see enough cypherpunks raising money to have this embarrassment put down,but its early days.
 >> It's time for a return to the older models. > <<
Like Operation soft drill,BUMs and K.I.S.S ferfucksake.
 > >Getting the real thing working requires real marketing skills <>See above. I doubt a marketing group makes a hill of beans' worth of difference. <<
Tims opinions are definitely worth a large hill o'beans.
 >>> and being in the right place at the right time; occasionally >> you can hit it off, like the kid who wrote WinAmp and was pressured > by his parents into making it Shareware and not just freeware, > or the Hotmail folks causing the free-web-based-email wave > (and catalyzing many of the appallingly stupid Dot-Com Business Plans.) <
We saw a lot of appallingly-stupid Cypherpunks Business Plans, too. <<
And the appallingly stupid adoption of crypto-anarchy instead of  >>"And then at this point the world adopts the use of Bearer Bucks (TM) and we get 2% of every transaction!" >
Anarcho-capitalism would never encourage such lunacy,right timmy?
 >>> Perhaps one advantage of the dot-com crash is that people starting > businesses today are much more likely to do the solid business planning > and the initial technical decisions before they get enough > funding to leave the garage and hire the 200 programmers that > it takes to prevent any real work from being done while you're > having meetings to coordinate development of the hot-tub-scheduling > website.
Yep. Premature commercialization, mythical man-month, burn rates, and all that. <<
Wisdom from on high,take notes,cypherpunks.Tim may not be with us forever.(It just seems like it sometimes)
 >>> But if you're not going to use the marketdroids, you have to find > some really solid alternative to get the stuff widely used. I'll say it again: the best commercialization is done for stolen products. <<
And words,see mattd's posts on how I stole the word "anarchy."I'm TM master  >>(Or, to head off frivolous charges that I am libeling Sun or Cisco, below, products which were basically already developed and faced a ready market.) The Stanford University Network (SUN) machines were largely ready to go when the founders of Sun (gee, where'd they get that name?) sought permission (and investment) from Stanford to commercialize them. Ditto for Len and Sandy's work at Stanford on routers. This is how Sun and Cisco were able to "hit the ground running." They didn't squander precious startup dollars on roof-top jacuzzis and meeting rooms for researchers to sit around trying to develop a product. Investment money went into production facilities, wire-wrap guns, etc. Even RSA was basically just commercializing an already-extant thing. Intel was making and selling actual products within 6 months of its formation. (It did _not_ get funding and then sit around in opulent surroundings thinking about future directions. In a way, it also "stole" its technology, in that its founders had worked on silicon-gate MOS at Fairchild and knew how to get rolling quickly. I'm not accusing Intel of stealing in any prosecutable sense, but in the sense that this is the way evolutionary learning happens:<<
May I interject some Proudon at this point: "Property is Theft"
  >>the children of successes create more successes.) By contrast, I've watched dozens of companies (some of them started and staffed by my friends) raise some seed capital and _then_ begin their research and development! Bad move. For lots of reasons I could write about for hours. (Xanadu and AMIX were examples, several Cypherpunks startups are other examples.) (Nutshell: research proceeds unevenly. Breakthroughs. Evolutionary learning. Dead-ends. <<
Anarcho-capitalism,racism,fascism,ayn Rand,robert Heinlein,Gun nuts and militia wackos,sexism,Libertianism,etc.Yep.
Redirections. "Exploitation of rich veins of ore," punctuated equilibrium, time value of money. When a company gets investment money, it _must_ begin to use that money _immediately_. Ideally, for production facilities, for actual product advertising, for _immediate_ uses. The time value of money dictates this. It _cannot_ use its money to hire people to sit around and think about future research directions. If there is not a _real_ business plan (I don't mean a "spreadsheet business plan") with a real revenue stream beginning _soon_, why form a company?<<
Why indeed,become a true anarchist name.Corporations wont last 5 minutes without the state to back them up.
  >>A lot of naive people seem to think the capital markets exist to help them fund their dreams, their vague ideas about becoming the next Bill Gates. Maybe the recent dot com collapse has changed things.) There _is_ a place for "service businesses." ISPs, for example. (The founders of ZKS made their initial money by setting up a successful ISP in Canada and then selling it when the great wave of ISP consolidations was cresting. Interestingly, some of the early remailer operators in Holland did something very similar, selling their ISP business. Looks like this was the real way to make some money. No exotic cutting-edge technology, just paying customers.) There's a saying that "the best is the enemy of the good." This is part of the long debate in computer science between "doing the right thing" and "doing what works." The "Right Thing" is the elegant, the crystalline, the pure. "What Works" is the crufty, the cobbled-together. LISP versus Perl, perhaps. Richard Gabriel has some fun essays along the lines of "Worst is Best" (use Google to find them), discussing why the workstation and language market developed in the way it did. In our community (and related orbiting communities), "the cool is the enemy of the good." Hence we see multi-year efforts to the really cool implementation of hypertext developed, thus running out of money and missing the boat on the Web. (Xanadu.) Ditto for digital cash, as comparatively low-tech and uncool products like PayPal move in to take the low-hanging fruit. Paying people to sit around and dream about rilly, rilly cool products is the kiss of death. <<
Oh death! Where is thy sting? Why is this bore still breathing?Will no one rid me of this turgid capitalist priest?
 >>Lastly, the focus on commercialization has been very weird these past several years. Nearly everyone jabbers about how to make money off of remailers, or data havens, or digital money. But little in the way of new ideas are being discussed here. <<
Anarcho-capitalism had nothing to with this and neither did I,Im TM  >>Our last Cypherpunks meeting was refreshing in that we had a couple of good talks on real things and very little of the "lawyer" and "startup evangelizing" junk. And we ended with a heated discussion of remailers and such, which Len and Steve and others have been writing about. <<
Len and Steve may still have something new to say,Im sucking wind and have been for years.
 >>Even more lastly, you folks out there thinking about how to do a startup or make money should be thinking about what I said, and which I am certain is basically correct: start up companies are not the place to do basic R&D. That's the place for universities and for established companies (with the companies either spinning-off divisions or selling the products themselves or losing their staff who "steal" the work). The cost of money is just too high for anyone to fund blue sky dreamers. Except as charity. (I can't resist: Look at Interval Research. Paul Allen, who has almost as much money as Bill Gates, decided to try to replicate the success of Xerox PARC and funded Interval Research some years ago (around '92-'93, IIRC). He gave it a wad of money, they set up shop, they hired Brenda Laurel and Lee Felsenstein and all kinds of other bright thinkers and dreamers. What came out of it? Nothing. Nada. Nil.) --Tim May <<
You folks,you anarch-capitalists should listen to me.The cost of money is to high.Milton Friedmans probably to blame.
 >>"As my father told me long ago, the objective is not to convince someone with your arguments but to provide the arguments with which he later convinces himself." -- David Friedman <<
Tim,(and david) don't even believe their own I guess Tim still loves capitalism to death,He just has to bash her sometimes.

@_date: 2001-12-24 15:11:03
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hillary style health plan to save US  
>>I'm boosting 2 things here that on > the surface may seem anathema to anarchists.IDs for all and socialized > medicine.Am I wrong to?
  You sure as hell are. This is the source of the power of the State: popular demand for its services. <<
Thanks for clearing that up.I thought it was the enormous militarized systems of oppression/repression.And theres a demand for ID's?I had no idea.
 >>AP all the politicians and bureaucrats, and it would be those like yourself who assert entitlement to government benefits who would be stumbling over each other to erect new politicians and bureaucrats in order to provide those services.<<
Actually Id be down to the selfmanaged metalstorm factory to work and studying flying part-time.(Im not supposed to fly a plane at the moment) Its nice someone else here believes in APster,thanks.
 >>AP all the self-righteous claimants to entitlements, like yourself, and the State would dry up and blow away.<<
True,jim seems to anticipate this with the car thieves scenario.No reason it couldn't apply to welfare Queens.The state needs to be shown that its powerless against APster.Im volunteering to die,just be careful that I'm really dead.Sandy Sandfort see's a way to rip off the APsters here.I think he should be APped.

@_date: 2001-12-24 15:34:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Agent Faustines list 
We are grateful to agent faustine for her list of collaborators,copies of "assassination politics' and possibly(not by me)
anthrax/plutonium/unabombs will be in the post,soon,real soon.Females working in these places may have their heads shaved.The males will all die.Have a very carlyle christmas.Santa's INSLAW way.I PROMIS you.Halliburton new year.
"Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.TM.
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2001-12-24 18:06:56
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May on the end of a rope.  
>>Gaston
Leval,Bookchin,Paz,Chomsky and
 > even H.Thomas.
Commie liars, except for Thomas, who does not say what you
claim he does.
Ahwell! Still if you want to lump stalinists,trots and anarchs together thats OK.Its a free country. Mind you don't get shot for being a crypto-anarchist though and if your red triangle fades to pink,don't come crying to me.Id still luv to keep this thread going, I get a picture of Tim May as Amon Goethe whenever I see the heading.)Ill also be sure and ask all my anarchist mates if we cant do better next time at  and

@_date: 2001-12-24 18:42:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Liability, economic realities and self delusion in ecash 
Dear Ryan,Should you need a hudsucker proxy on another island,Im so cheap,Im free.
On the question of legal proceedings,never plead guilty,(horace Rumpole.)Plead defence of necessity and ultra vires.
Also Insanity by reason of excess alcohol,twinkies,prozac,etc consumption.Blame Kanada.
Economic realities may be safely handled by issuing more transparent e-cash until break even.Collapse of govts is assured by the rapid exponential growth of hawala style service.Should you be nuked the end should be quick and painless.
The authorities probably wont hassle you as they would be fearful of publicizing such a potent threat to their very existence.
Should sandline threaten you just threaten them back with APster.Remember nelson mandelas words at his trial.
I should like to live for a world where remailers save the world for freedom,this is cause that I should struggle to live for and if necessary will die for.The whole wired worlds watching.Yours in solidarity and crypto-anarchy,mattd aka proffr1.
Everyone a remailer,everyone a mint,everyone an APster.

@_date: 2001-12-24 20:43:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: We are not sending assassins to kill joshua gordon 
Due to the christmas ceasefire and the fact that we are not yet formally at war,OSD international has authorized me to categorically deny that any attempts will be made on the life of young joshua Gordon in the next few days.
The victorian police are closely monitoring the situation and continue to receive all mail addressed to proffr at fuckmicrosoft.com Taylors shoes have been confiscated and he continues to receive the finest psychiatric treatment at enormous expense to the State.The small support group for disturbed cyberstalkers and unaffiliated terrorists is coming together nicely and should have their own anonymous chat room soon.Catherine Trammel has kindly volunteered to be moderator.We wish you a merry syphilis and a happy gonorrhea.

@_date: 2001-12-24 21:12:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Declan;"I am a Camera"McCullagh. 
Me no Leica. This nosebleed is the world's first electronically-guided catoroach.
The catoroach, surgically implanted with a micro-robotic backpack that allows researchers to control its movements, is known as Robo-roach, whose implications "for mankind could be immense", said Isao Shimoyama, an assistant proffr heading the university's bio-robot research team.
Within a few years, predicted Dr Shimoyama, similarly controlled insects will be carrying mini-cameras or other sensory devices to be used for a variety of sensitive missions - like crawling through earthquake rubble to search for victims or slipping under doors on espionage.
"Aphids"McPillock.Digital idiot,shurley shome mishtake!
Telling lies about our declan?
 >>...For linkers who aren't familiar with Declan McCullagh, he's several including a dyed-in-the-wool libertarian...<<
Libertarians are dangerous.
 >>...Authorities had long known that Bell was a spokesperson for a local libertarian militia...<<
Jim Bell editorial from the Baltimore City Paper
No doubt about it, Jim Bell disliked the government. As far as this Vancouver, Wash., resident was concerned, there isn't any problem with Congress that $60 worth of bullets couldn't solve. And he let his opinion be known in newsgroups, mailing lists, and, perhaps most notoriously, through an essay he wrote and promoted on the Internet called "Assassination Politics".
But did Bell-who, federal authorities discovered, had an arsenal of deadly chemicals and firearms and the home addresses of more than 100 government workers-have a plan to murder public employees?
"What was interesting is that the whole case was based on whether he'd be harmful in the future. He hadn't actually hurt anyone, but he was talking about some scary stuff," John Branton, a reporter who covered the Bell case for the southern Washington newspaper The Columbian (The Jim Bell Story), told me by phone.
On Dec. 12, Bell, 39, was sentenced to 11 months in prison and three years of supervised probation after pleading guilty to using false Social Security numbers and setting a stink bomb off at a local Internal Revenue Service office. But authorities acknowledge those charges weren't what his arrest was really about.
"We chose not to wait until he followed through on what we believe were plans to assassinate government employees," Jeffrey Gordon, an IRS inspector, told the Portland, Ore., daily The Oregonian. Gordon likened Bell to convicted Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh and Unabomber suspect Theodore Kaczynski. The federal government's court filing against Bell stated the belief that the defendant had a plan to "overthrow the U.S. government." Proof of his motivation, the government asserted, was found in Bell's Internet writings: "Bell has spelled out parts of his overall plan in his 'Assassination Politics' essay."
Bell wasn't lacking for firepower. On April 1, 20 armed federal agents raided Bell's home, where he lived with his parents. According to U.S. News & World Report ("Terrorism's Next Wave") the feds found three semiautomatic assault rifles; a handgun; a copy of the book The Terrorist's Handbook; the home addresses of more than 100 government workers; and a garage full of potentially deadly chemicals. Authorities had long known that Bell was a spokesperson for a local libertarian militia and was involved in a so-called "common-law court" that planned "trials" of IRS employees.
Given what the feds found at the house, in retrospect the raid seems prudent-as Leroy Loiselle of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency told U.S. News, "You don't need nitric acid to keep aphids off your flowers." It's easy to forget the troubling fact that the government's initial reason for raiding Bell's residence was "Assassination Politics," which they found in Bell's car when the IRS seized it back in February. (Bell owed some $30,000 in back taxes.) Will others who make public their wrath for government and owe some taxes to Uncle Sam be paid similar visits?
What's perhaps more troubling still is the way the feds held up Bell's essay as evidence of his violent intent. Reading "Assassination Politics" makes clear that it is no more a workable blueprint for overthrowing the government than Frank Herbert's Dune is a realistic plan for urban renewal. For about two years prior to Bell's arrest, "Assassination Politics" floated around the Internet. Bell, for instance, sent this essay out on the cypherpunks mailing list, where scenarios for the future, based on new technology and libertarian principles, are frequently discussed. None of the cypherpunks took his "plan" seriously then.
The core of "Assassination Politics" is a plan to establish an anonymous electronic market wherein people could "wager" money on when public individuals, be they world leaders or corrupt tax collectors, will die. A person (say, for instance, an assassin) who correctly "predicts" the day of a death could anonymously collect the "winnings." Far from being a direct call to arms, Bell's essay is largely hypothetical, at least until encryption, traceless digital cash, and mass homicidal hatred of world leaders becomes widespread. Ugly yes; realistic no.
"I've told Jim Bell on any number of occasions that it would never work," Robert East, a friend of Bell's, tells me by e-mail. "If Jim had properly titled this as a fictional piece of literature he'd have been far more In April, when the Jim Bell story broke, both The Columbian and Time Warner's Netly News portrayed Bell as a victim whose free-speech rights were violated. But as evidence against Bell piled up, the sympathy muted considerably. U.S. News' recent cover story on domestic terrorism, "Terrorism's Next Wave," opened with the Bell case.
Perhaps Bell was prosecuted for what he wrote rather than what he might do. (Both friends and family have repeatedly said Bell, though a big talker, isn't much of a doer. "Jim is a harmless academic [n]erd," East insists. "I've known him for years and he's harmless.") Perhaps the IRS was spooked by little more than idle speculation of its demise. But the evidence seems to have dealt the feds the better hand, and lends credence to the idea that, for all the protest of free-speech advocates, words are not always separable from actions.
Declans words to the cato institute interest me,care to scanem in Mr Mac? Your words should be compartmentalized if your a real punk.

@_date: 2001-12-24 22:33:39
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Foreigner:Your as cold as ICE. 
Foreigner proceeds from the venerable premise of the lost starship whose crew had to land the ship wherever possible. It ended up on a planet whose native race, the anarki, practice--among other interesting habits--registered assassinations. Two centuries after the landing, only one human, the pansy, is allowed out of the human enclave--and at the opening of the book, he is the object of an unregistered assassination attempt. The subsequent tale is one of those Cherry novels that is longer on world building, exotic aliens, and characterization than on action, although it is not short on that
Far-future alien-contact yarn from the author of Canucks Legacy, The Goober Mirror, etc., where, in a stuttering, episodic liftoff, we learn that a human colony ship, lost in space, luckily comes near a planet inhabited by humanoid ``anarki' Later, the two species fight a war in which the humans' technological superiority barely compensates for their physical inferiority and lack of numbers. So the humans are confined to the island of Moreu/spheira. Most people there seem to think that anything outside of their tiny island nation does not concern them, despite the fact that it is situated in the middle of an alien planet. (Amerika, anyone?)
The underlying plot of the book is how do we deal with other nations? How do we deal with nations that are less advanced technically than us? How do we view them?
We are asked to believe that  Cameron Ford is the most skilled diplomat of his culture. If so, they're in trouble. He's passive, obtuse, and ineffectual. He whines a lot (in internal monologue), usually about things he doesn't have the power to change. He goes on at length about not understanding his alien hosts, although they're actually no more alien than some Earth cultures. He doesn't take their good advice. He makes the same mistakes over and over. When he does finally act, he's *stupid*--potentially getting the only people who can save him *and his entire culture* killed in an ambush. Cherry repeatedly rubs our nose in how much bigger, stronger, better, faster, more competent, and more potent the anarki are. It's well done--Cherry is certainly a good enough writer to make it credible--but why in the world does she want to do it?
Compare this novel to Bujold's _Blitherer_, with which it shares a number of interesting similarities: a warlike but less-advanced culture jerked into the modern world by contact with space, an individual protagonist alone in that culture, individual relationships superseding the of law, betrayal, politics, fleeing on whorseback. _Blitherer_ succeeds because Cordelia is interesting, active, and credible (even when she makes mistakes).Cameron is none of the above.

@_date: 2001-12-24 23:38:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: House of crypto games 
When Faustine enters the House of Games, she enters a world occupied by characters who have known each other so long and so well, in so many different ways, that everything they say is a kind of shorthand. At first we don't fully realize that, and there is a strange savor to the words they use. They speak, of course, in May's distinctive dialogue style, an almost musical rhythm of stopping, backing up, starting again, repeating, emphasizing, all the time with the hint of deeper meanings below the surfaces of the words. The leading actors, Joe Mantegna and Mike Nussbaum, have appeared in countless performances of May's plays over the years, and they know his dialogue the way other actors grow into Beckett or Shakespeare. They speak it as it is meant to be spoken, with a sort of aggressive, almost insulting, directness. mattd has a scene where he "reads" Faustine- where he tells her about her "tells," those small giveaway looks and gestures that poker players use to read the minds of their opponents. The way he talks to her is so incisive and unadorned it is These characters and others live in a city that looks, as the Seattle of Trouble in Mind did, like a place on a parallel time track. It is a modern American city, but like none we have quite seen before; it seems to have been modeled on the paintings of Edward Hopper, where lonely people wait in empty public places for their destinies to intercept them. Faustine is portrayed as an alien in this world, a successful, best-selling author who has never dreamed that men like this exist, and the movie is insidious in the way it shows her willingness to be corrupted.
There is in all of us a fascination for the inside dope, for the methods of the confidence game, for the secrets of a magic trick. But there is an eternal gulf between the shark and the mark, between the con man and his victim. And there is a code to protect the secrets. There are moments in House of Games when May instructs Faustine in the methods and lore of the con game, but inside every con is another one.
I met a woman once who was divorced from a professional magician. She hated this man with a passion. She used to appear with him in a baffling trick where they exchanged places, handcuffed and manacled, in a locked cabinet. I asked her how it was done. The divorce and her feelings meant nothing compared to her loyalty to the magic profession. She looked at me coldly and said, "The trick is told when the trick is sold." The ultimate question in House of Games is, who's buying?

@_date: 2001-12-25 00:49:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Faustine on Bell 
age" these days, I thought it might be interesting and useful to look back at Daniel Bell's works from the 60s and 70s. His Brave New World-ish scenario of dominance by a technocratic policy elite is in many ways eerily familiar...and at the risk of being charged with dragging in the "old hat" again, thought I'd serve up a few major points for your consideration... In his pathbreaking 1973 study "The Coming of Post-Industrial Society: A Venture in Social Forecasting," Bell argued that there would soon emerge a society "organized around knowledge for the purpose of social control" and the directing of innovation and change; that the West was on the brink of a new kind of information-led, service-oriented society which would replace the industrial-based model that had been dominant in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. He specifies five main dimensions, or components, of the term "post- industrial", and to my mind, really seems to have nailed it before anyone else: Economic Sector: change from goods-producing to a service-oriented economy Occupational distribution: pre-eminence of the professional and technical class Axial principle: the centrality of theoretical knowledge as the source of innovation and of policy formulation of the society Future orientation: the control of technology and technical assessment Decision-making: the creation of a new "intellectual technology" The transition from industrial to post-industrial society (PIS) occurs through the extension of technical rationality, the advance of scientific rationality into the economic, social and political spheres. Where once the industrialist was dominant, now the technocrat, planners and scientists dominate. According to Bell, the government becomes increasingly instrumental in the management of the economy and less is left to market forces. Instead of relying on the invisible hand, the post-industrial society will work toward directing and engineering society. This is an extension of the thought of Weber (rationalization) Durkheim and Saint-Simon (the father of technocracy) and Taylor (scientific management school). The "birth years" of the post-industrial society were the post WWII years which saw great technological developments such as: transformation of matter into energy - atom bomb and the first digital computer. What is characteristic of post-industrial society is not just the shift from property or political criteria to knowledge as the base of power, but the character of knowledge itself. Theoretical knowledge it has become central, it is the "matrix of innovation". Bell anticipates that the key organization of the future will be the university (replacing the business firm). Prestige and status will be rooted in the intellectual and scientific communities. In the PIS, technocrats exercise authority by virtue of technical competence. Their emergence as power holders signals the emergence of efficiency, instrumentalism, and pragmatic problem solving. This manifests Weber's warning that we are becoming "specialists without heart". "It is in this conception of rationality as functional, as rationalization rather than reason, that one confronts the overriding crisis of the technocratic mode." In this mode statistics take the place of history in an attempt to understand society. "The virtue of belief in history was that some law of reason was operative: History either had a teleology as defined by revelation, or some powers of emergence or transcendence that were implicit in man's creativity (Hegel's spirit)." Here are some excellent quotes from the preface: "Finally, the deepest tensions are those between the culture, whose axial direction is anti-institutional and antinomian, and the social structure which is ruled by an economizing and technocratic mode. It is this tension which is ultimately the most fundamental problem of the post-industrial society." "What I am arguing in this book is that the major source of structural change in this society--the change in the mode of innovation in the relation of science to technology and in public policy-- is the change in the character of of knowledge: the exponential growth and branching of science, the rise of a new intellectual technology, the creation of systematic research through R&D budgets, and as the calyx of all this, the codification of theoretical knowledge." Any thoughts? Also, I'd be interested in any other authors (and recommended works)you find useful re. these issues... thanks! ~Faustine.<<
I still think your an alcoholic old fbi agent with false teeth but Ill talk to you like de sade's justine occasionally.I just found an ancient (69) Heinemann called Technological Man by victor Ferkiss.There's a quote by Bell..."Technology is not simply a machine but a systematic,disciplined approach to objectives using a calculus of precision and measurement and a concept of system with approved procedures for lighting plastique at altitude.Also in the book is reference to william Cobbett who sounds interesting but not to a young fogey like you.Other authors? De Sade's.Justine.120 days of Sodom.The Cyphernomicon?Young Lust comics and almost anything by Color Climax.Loompanics.AP by J.Bell.

@_date: 2001-12-25 01:33:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Curse of Choate 
Worried that it's getting too late to send that seasonal deaththreat? Your Noel gift of loosely-packed icing sugar lost in the post? Armchair hoodlums the world over, twiddle your moustachios with relief: EVIL ANGELICA and her "Xmas Giveaway" hacking offer have returned. As involuntarily advertised by  (and later by pittsburghrock.com ,  ,  and  ) web-defacing haxx0r Angelica will gladly replace the perfectly innocent front page of a semi-obscure domain with festive gr33tz of your own devising. Deadline is 2001-12-23, so send your requests to webhack_competition at cow-tipper.com where Angelica - as well as, we're sure, the National Crime Squad - will select the most creative and/or incriminating for further examination. Have fun, but do remember: that 4am knock on the door is not *always* Santa Claus.  - you're already taking that mailbox down, aren't you another.com?

@_date: 2001-12-25 04:30:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable coward.RIP. 
In simplest terms, anarchism stands against not just government, but all forms of domination and exploitation. This includes government, but also capitalism, landlordism, interest, and profit. In addition, anarchism stands for decentralized direct democracy, free association, the replacement of capitalist private property "rights" with possession/use rights, direct worker ownership and control of the means of production, direct action instead of political action, delegation instead of representation, and total freedom (which is inherently limited by the "other person's nose").
Anarchism is a variant of socialism, because it is for workers' control of the means of production, but is a form of libertarian socialism rather than state socialism. Unlike the various sorts of state socialism, anarchism is for not only workers' control of the means of production, but direct democratic control of all aspects of life (instead of by some self-appointed "party" or legislature which supposedly knows and acts in the interests of the people). Those things which are difficult to control at a small level where immediate direct democracy can be practiced are controlled through delegation, which is different from representation because the delegates are not only chosen by the rank and file, but are also given mandates that they must and must only carry out by the rank and file, and can be recalled at any time for any reason (all of these are done in a directly democratic fashion).
Anarchism stands against capitalism, because capitalism is inherently authoritarian. Those who say that capitalism is freedom, forget to say that it is just freedom for only those who are in the ruling class. As for the workers, who make up the vast majority of the population, the only freedom they have under it is to choose who exploits them. They have no real control over the means of production. They do not receive the fruits of their labor; all they get is their paycheck, which they need to survive (which is why most people really don't have the freedom to not be employed by anyone, unlike what supporters of capitalism say). There is no real democracy in capitalism; the workplace is run in a thoroughly authoritarian fashion by a hierarchy of bosses and managers, ending up at the top with the executives and big shareholders.
Anarchism also stands against state socialism and "Communism," because those also aren't freedom in any respect. First thing, most forms of "state socialism" and "Communism" are really state capitalism, which is similar to private capitalism except that the government replaces the company as the unit of competition, the ruling class is composed of the Party apparatchiks and or the politicians and bureaucrats which make up the government, and that one doesn't have the choice of what/who they are exploited by. "Communism" is really like the "cradle-to-grave" capitalism, where one not only works in company factories, but also in company houses in company towns, etc. On the other hand, anarchists tend to prefer state socialism over private capitalism, because there at least is some social support structure rather than none at all (this does not mean that they advocate or are willing to settle with state socialism, though). At the same time, anarchists often treat Communists (especially Stalinists) in the same fashion as fascists and such (even to the point of armed conflict).
Anarchism is a very often misunderstood political theory (not ideology, because ideology means a fixed set of prescribed ideas that are automatically correct as a block), which forms a real alternative to both capitalism and state socialism, both republican ("democratic") and autocratic/totalitarian. It is for both freedom and social justice, rather than just for social justice or "freedom" (capitalism claims to be for freedom, but really isn't for that at all). It is against impersonal "representation," where a body of elected politicians from an elite make decisions for the rank and file without their input, and replaces that with making decisions directly and democratically, and carrying out in the same exact fashion. It empowers the people directly, rather than empowering some elite to act in their name. Luckily, anarchism today has very significantly replaced state socialism on the far left, and is further expanding, but anarchism still has a very far way to go until there will be any real revolutionary change.

@_date: 2001-12-25 13:27:46
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Simplest possible ecash mint.Mays going Simple.Blood 
>>This is a terribly important point. Implementing this "atomic transaction" would be a major step. Having a Web site that does this EVEN WITH PLAY TOKENS would be a useful step. (Many dislike toy applications, but a site which did this would be a way to play with the software, test the reliability, and get ideas for further developments. The "Play Tokens" would be of literally no value, ostensibly.) << Tammy May
Obnoxiously after boosting 'sweet spots' and some rubbish called anarcho-capitalism I now want to play on Xmas day!
Fork off uncle scrooge.
 >>Like a cellular automata, the basic rules dramatically affect future evolutionary paths.<<
Like a sneak thief and coward stealing "anarchy".Now the virus seeks to hijack the cell.Theres precedent.Tammy "Mitochondria" May
 >>With the proper atomic transaction protocols, the rest unfolds naturally. Money changers can profit by returning some fraction (e.g., 0.99) of what they are given. <<
Im an expert on atomic energy(in favor) and micro-transactions,Dont listen to Dr jeckle May who scorns micro-payments.
{Whats a millicent ghetto Dr May? Oh never mind,Ill just have some more egg  >>Tim May
"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize
Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of
conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States who are
peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." --Samuel Adams
You can keep your slaves as well and all.No wonder george Mason refused to sign that crap.Tammy boys now free to frantically oil his barrel ,low calibre,large bore.

@_date: 2001-12-25 13:38:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: "Shoes for industry!" Give May the Boot. 
>>"Shoes for industry!" The general point is that it is going to be very difficult to stop persons willing to die in their acts from carrying them out.
Like real anarchists? Ones that propertarians want to shoot.Hard to get em all.
 >>Planes are very fragile things and explosives can be formed into ordinary-looking objects (cases of computers, coffee mugs, belt buckles, etc.) and with very little vapor emission (smell).<<
Reputations are very fragile,tammies is gettin a bit on the nose.
  Chemical timers even let bombers get away (acid eating through something in a sealed ampoule...). An attacker who opens an aircraft emergency door in flight could also do a lot of damage (to the airline and travel industry, if nothing else). Fact is, soft targets abound.
Jim bell picked up on that.
  >>There are solutions, but not necessarily the police state measures now unfolding. We talked about this a lot after 911.<<
Your talking a lot.But your not sayin much.Say something once,why say it again?

@_date: 2001-12-25 14:21:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable 
>> Interesting to note that the system you bash, for the sake of argument lets call it "timmayism" is really in favor of individual freedom (Tim, if you are not a libertarian, which is what I believe you to be, given your writtings, please correct me) <<
Well Tim just pissed on the faces of the Lib party faithful in a very recent post.Let the archive correct you.
 >>so things like "domination", "exploitation", "profit", etc... are perfectly acceptable so long as two people consentualy enter into an agreement. <<
Like those agreements that turned Thoreu into an implacable foe of the state? What planet are you living on?
 >>The simple problem with what you are describing is that is translates into "mattd decides whats is good for everyone else" <<
According to APster there can be no "assassination politics Tsar",Whats to stop a few quad anons lurking here to have me killed.My whereabouts and description are known.
 >>The very basic proof of this is that, given what you are writting, if I enter into an agreement with Mr. May to rent his property, an agreement I am perfectly acceptable to and that I am perfectly free to decline to enter into; he is being an evil landlor-profiteer. I am perfectly happy with the situation, but by your standards that wasn't a "free" (your definition of free baffles me) exchange.<<
Your free to enter tammies asshole,you seem easily baffled.Would you like to buy a bridge?
 >>Hey! I think Lenin might like talking to you, knock on Stalin's door too, since you just described communism. <<
The right scream 'commies' at us while the MLers scream 'Fash! ' This is how we know we are on the open road to Anarchy.
 >>| Anarchism is a variant of socialism an7ar7chism (nr-kzm) n. The theory or doctrine that all forms of government are oppressive and undesirable and should be abolished. so7cial7ism (ssh-lzm) n. Any of various theories or systems of social organization in which the means of producing and distributing goods is owned collectively or by a centralized government that often plans and controls the economy. Pick one, stick to it.
Ah...Libertarian socialism? Anarchism is shorter.I'm picking my nose,you can stick to your funkin wagnells.
 >>Maybe your read on "free market" is different then mine, but I would say a worker has as much right to not work at a company as the employer has to not employ that worker if he chooses not to. <<
Todays free markets would not survive the collapse of govts.Tammy may used to pretend to be a 'crypto-anarchist',in favor of the ,'collapse of govts'.Its getting harder to do that now with all these real anarchists about.Choose the two headed dog,anarcho-capitalism as is your free right.Im not trying to convert anyone.Good luck with it.
 >>Anarchism also stands against state socialism and "Communism," because...
  Isn't this a little different than what you said earlier? <<
Im against state socialism and "Communism" What did I say before? Im only human so I sometimes express contradictions.Im opposed to violence in politics and paradoxically support APster.Go figure.
 >>Anarchism is a very often misunderstood political theory (not ideology,<<
 >> Hey, enlighten us, show us some background studies, show us some legitimate writtings and test cases to prove what you say. I would imagine I am not alone in thinking you are full of shit with nothing to substantiate what you have to say. <<
Google is my home page.I have no other God than Google.There is only one  >>because ideology means a fixed set of prescribed ideas that are
Interesting that you should bring this up. We have seen nothing from
you that falls outside this category. In fact, we have seen nothing
from you that is worthwhile period. But since others might not know
this and because some of us feel bored,<<
Very punk of you,cool.
  we respond. If you really
care about the topics you blab about, then get yourself away from
that computer you must spend hours upon hours in front of, get
yourself into a library and in a few years, come on out and lets
have intelligent discussions. Read up on different political ideas
and systems, different ideologies and pick the one you like best.<<
Like Read in the encyclopedia brittanica on anarchism?Yeah I havent seen that yet.
 >>The impression one gets from reading what you write (other than,
what the fuck, this list used to have decent shit on it)<<
When Jimmy B was here is still interesting reading,soightonly.
 >> is that you
have no idea what you are talking about, you musta picked up a
little pamplet somewhere that said "anarchy is cool, we bust up
stores in the name of freedom" and gone with it.<<
Dear Abbie,shame he's not with us and creeps like tammy may are.
  >>If you are just
wasting our time here, which is the more likely explanation, then
well, I just hope you don't actually believe the shit you write,
there are plenty other stupid people in the world, it would have
been nice if this list didn't attract as many as it seems to. --Gabe
Well we didnt approach the godwin la-grange point so maybe Ill keep writing this list till some patents run out.There's some thing called a filter? tammy may show you how to use it.Dont let him pick your pockets,or cornpatch ya though.

@_date: 2001-12-25 14:47:35
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable 
>>Tim, if you are not a libertarian, which is what I believe > you to be, given your writtings, please correct me)
Yeah, I favor freedom and free markets. Obviously<<
So you've seen  and   ?
You must have read "Cypherpunks, high-tech libertarians, and various others mistakenly think technology will eliminate the need for government (if not outright eliminate government.) at How long would todays freedom's and free markets survive the destruction of the state?
 >>Something I _don't_ favor is wasting time responding to weird rants like the ones from "mattd." The expression "get back on your medications" is sometimes overused on the Net, but in this case it clearly applies.
Is that what they mean by "Ad Hominem attack"? We call it "playing the man,not the ball",down under.
  >>This "mattd" person oscillates from fawning about "crypto anarchy"<<
When anarchy is not the may/friedman crock, anarcho-capitalism.
  >>to foaming that people like me should be hanged.<<
Not foaming,just offering up my humble proffr1 dollar for the rope.No wonder tammy hates APster and anarchy!
"The price of liberty is eternal vigilantism."
  >>All written in an illiterate, pseudo-dyslexic, run-on sentence, crude imitation of John Young.<<
Ill take that as a compliment from a pompous windsock like you taffy.
  >>I have yet to see a single idea come out of "mattd."<<
So this is your first response to one of my posts?
  >>There are more interesting fish to fry. --Tim May, Corralitos, California Quote of the Month: "It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks." --Cathy Young, "Reason Magazine," both enemies of liberty. <<
So tammies the shroedingers cat of the libertarian movement.CALCer to the rotten core he should fry in hell.

@_date: 2001-12-25 15:07:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable , 
>>| Anarchism is a variant of socialism > > an7ar7chism (nr-kzm) > n. > The theory or doctrine that all forms of government are oppressive > and undesirable and should be abolished.
Which is self-referential (it basically says that even anarchism will oppress). <<
Indeed.Especially where delegates are not rotated and revocable.See jamesd for the dangers anarchism in practise.
The Friedman/May "anarcho-capitalist" crock of shit would opress like HELL.BE AWARE! Dont let him get away with all thet CALCer crap here.Its ahirstoric,amoral,unrealistic insanity.
 >>so7cial7ism (ssh-lzm) > n. > Any of various theories or systems of social organization in which > the means of producing and distributing goods is owned collectively > or by a centralized government that often plans and controls the > economy. > > Pick one, stick to it.
Which raises an interesting question. How do you get everyone to behave the same way with the same levels of consideration under anarchism without some sort of universal standard (a central organization)? Who gets to decide it? What happens if somebody decides they don't want to play nice? How do you pay for it? <<
APster.Central organization,summits,world federations are all scalable and not to be feared as long as all democratically elected delegates are revocable and rotated.Its not rocket science.Everyone a remailer,(they will be essential,as will crypto)Everyone a mint,presumably when all the drug war prisoners are released there will be room for fraudsters.
Everyone an APster,.Justice by consensus complements then overtakes common law.Everyone a jury.
Warlords in the SW Quadrant? Put together a 'sandline' army and knock them out.Commo's opressing bears?
Lets all vote on nuking commie HQ.Operation soft drill International,only there will be no more 'nations'.
Can you dig it? CAN YOU DIG IT? Anarchy is not just a job; Its an Adventure.

@_date: 2001-12-25 15:39:56
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Everyone a Bank. 
Better looking than Faustines fat apologist for the NWO of corporate fascism.Also some interesting reading for e-cash minded C/punks.Reminded me of a bank that started soon after the Oklahoma land rush with a tent and shingle.Extract...
"The claim that monetary systems can function smoothly in the absence of government regulations sometimes raises the question, Why do governments intervene in money? Although economic misunderstanding and pressure from special interests within the banking industry account for many observed forms of intervention, Lawrence White and I suggest, in our forthcoming Economic Inquiry paper, "A Fiscal Theory of Government's Role in Money," that government intervention in the money industry has largely been a result of fiscal pressures to extract revenue from money holders. "
They cant tax the web so I guess crypto-anarchy is not a question of if,now,but when.BUMs on seats.
Throughout the Western world,
December 24 -- January 1, "THE HOLIDAYS," is a
period of continuous merrymaking & zerowork.

@_date: 2001-12-25 15:59:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Argentina has decisively entered the road of revolution.  
Argentina - The Revolution has Begun
By Alan Woods
In scenes reminiscent of the fall of Saigon, the leaders of the government hastily packed their bags and fled by helicopter from the roof of the Presidential palace. Only these were not foreign invaders fleeing from
an army of national liberation, but an elected President fleeing from his own people. While the eyes of the world were diverted to the other war in Afghanistan, another war was raging. In the week before
Christmas, Argentina was at war. Not a war between nations, but a war between rich and poor, between haves and haves not - a war between the For the bourgeois press, this was a sudden descent into collective madness. "Argentina collapses into chaos" was a typical headline. Chaos there is. It is the chaos of the capitalist system, of the so-called market
economy that was supposed to have solved all the problems of Argentina, under the benevolent auspices of the IMF and the World Bank. More than a year ago observers warned that the austerity measures
imposed by the government, in obedience to IMF advice, were likely to lead to a rise in social tensions. Now they have been proved correct.
Argentina's president Fernando de la Rua was forced to resign after thousands of angry and impoverished protesters took to the streets of Buenos Aires in a revolt against the government's handling of a
devastating economic crisis. Before he did so, three days of social unrest, widespread looting and police repression left 27 people dead and more than 150 wounded - the majority, poor people fighting for a crust of
bread, shot by the police.
We received the following e-mail from a subscriber in La Plata, Argentina:
"The president of Argentina Fernando de La Rua presented his resignation after a massive demonstration of the people that took place in the square of the Plaza de Mayo. After a television communication on
December 19 at 11.00 p.m., the people of the city of Buenos Aires poured onto the streets, singing and banging pots, in a spontaneous reaction against the president's speech. By 2.00 a.m. the square was full.
"The next morning people started to get together in the same square and outside the Congress. The police started to repress people who were showing their disagreement by peaceful means. At 4.00 p.m., the
people didn't wants to leave the square (that is a symbol of the working class struggle in the 1940s and 1970s). Some people began to loot stores and McDonalds, breaking all the windows of many foreign banks.
At 6.30 p.m. the president called for an alliance between the two major parties (UCR and PJ), but the opposition party refused such collaboration. The president at this moment is taping his resignation and tonight
the Argentineans will have a new president and elections in the next months. This is a victory in the battle against neo-liberalism."
Yes, this is an important victory. But what has been won is a battle, not the war itself.
The unrest erupted after the country's free market programme turned sour. In the past two years Argentina, long the wealthiest nation in Latin America, has been in the grip of a deepening political, social, and
economic crisis. Fernando de la Rua's government was following the standard prescription the IMF gives to economies facing financial troubles: slash the deficit, deflate the economy and hope that investor
confidence returns. In fact, far from solving the problems of the economy, these policies made them worse.
At bottom, the problem of the Argentinean ruling class is the colossal power of the proletariat, which prevents them from carrying out the vicious austerity policies dictated by the IMF to the end. In the past few
years, general strike after general strike has been called by Peronist labour unions, under the pressure of the working class. This meant that the Argentine capitalists could not stabilise the situation at the cost of the
working class - although it did carry out a series of vicious attacks on living standards. Argentina lurched towards a default this year from its $8 billion loan as the IMF imposed ever-tighter conditions.
Unemployment soared and now stands at 18.3 percent.
The first wave of riots forced the resignation of the economy minister behind the austerity package, Domingo Cavallo. "Cavallo resigned after he saw 5,000 people banging pots and pans outside his home," a
source close to the former minister said. The spontaneous gathering outside Mr Cavallo's flat in the exclusive Palermo Chico suburb of Buenos Aires brought together people from all social classes, who kept up a
constant clatter from around 11.00 p.m. on Wednesday until yesterday morning. The pots and pans marches had been preceded by two days of food riots, with groups of up to 1,500 unemployed people breaking
into Wal-Marts and Carrefour supermarkets around the country.
"We're coming back and we'll be bringing all our neighbours," screamed Elsa Gomez, a 45-year-old mother of six, to workers at a supermarket at Buenos Aires' most exclusive shopping centre, after her group of
shanty town dwellers agreed not to storm the store in exchange for 250 bags of free food. "The real looters are in the government," said opposition legislator Alicia Castro, visiting the protesters at the Plaza de
Mayo yesterday. (The Guardian, December 21, 2001)
The anger of the impoverished masses finally boiled over in two days of rioting and looting that left at least 22 dead and scores of protesters injured in cities around the country. This was the most severe civil
unrest for more than a decade. In Buenos Aires, mounted police fought running battles with demonstrators demanding the president's resignation. Teargas and water cannons were deployed. Several hundred
people were in a standoff with police in the central square, Plaza de Mayo. The demonstrators included a middle-aged woman who, despite having had one of her toes hacked off by a horse's hoof, still railed
against 'this government's starvation plan'. She was referring to a zero-deficit austerity package imposed by the International Monetary Fund on Argentina, which is on the verge of defaulting on its $132 billion
( billion) foreign debt. "'Argentina is empty,' said another protester. 'My children want to leave this country, there is no future here, our politicians are too corrupt.'" (The Guardian, December 21, 2001)
Among the dead was a 15-year-old boy reportedly shot during the riots in Santa Fe province in the country's west. Other victims were thought to have been shot by shopkeepers trying to deter looters by firing into
the crowds. In Buenos Aires, a police officer guarding the doors of the congress from demonstrators trying to storm the building was killed by a paving stone hurled by a protester. The unions called two general
The leaders of the Nation were besieged inside the congress building. "We are bunkered in here," said a TV journalist broadcasting from inside congress. "The legislators can't leave and nobody can get in." (The
Guardian, December 21, 2001) The president at first wanted to cling to office and only resigned after opposition parties refused his request to form a coalition. In a desperate attempt to hang onto power, Mr De
la Rua had spoken to the nation, asking the opposition Peronist party to join him in forging a new economic programme to "assure social peace". He had pledged to continue at his post. "I will carry out my duty until
the end," he said. But the terrified Peronists refused to accept the poisoned chalice. If De la Rua had not stepped down when he did, Argentina faced revolution. Neither the declaration of a state of emergency,
nor the bullets and tear gas of the police served to intimidate the masses. United in action, they developed a sense of their own collective might. Power was slipping out of the hands of the state and passing to the
A global crisis of capitalism
The main fear of the bourgeois is that the crisis is unfolding simultaneously in every sector of the world economy. The word "contagion" is being used to describe this phenomenon. This is the other face of
globalisation. In economics, as in politics, US imperialism is faced with the equivalent of bushfires everywhere. No sooner do they put out one fire, than another one flares up with even greater intensity. This is in
itself a graphic expression of the nature of the present epoch.
The crisis in Argentina did not originate there. It reflects the global instability of world capitalism. The collapse in Turkey at the start of 2001 immediately affected the Polish zloty and the Brazilian real, which
suffered a devaluation of about 30 percent in the course of the year. This placed unbearable pressure on Argentina, its most important trading partner, whose exports were rendered completely uncompetitive.
Since the Argentinean peso is tied to the US dollar, devaluation was (theoretically) ruled out. Thus, the whole weight of the crisis was placed firmly on the shoulders of the Argentinean workers and the middle
class. This had serious social and political repercussions. There had already been a number of militant general strikes in the course of 2001. There was a massive protest vote in the general elections, and even an
insurrection in the northern town of General Mosconi where the unemployed and the workers took the running of all public affairs into their own hands. This was causing concern in Washington, where the IMF
initially provided funds to help to prop up the Argentinean economy. But now events have moved far beyond that.
The decision to introduce dramatic bank controls led to a run on the banks. On November 30, the country's banks lost $1.3 billion. The central bank's net reserves slumped by $1.7 billion. Overnight, the country,
which was one of the richest in the world, is bankrupt. Finance minister Domingo Cavallo once more went with his begging bowl to the IMF but was received in Washington with stony faces. The IMF, having
already provided Argentina loan arrangements amounting to $48 billion in the last year, had no intention of throwing good money after bad. Argentina was left to sink under the weight of its own debts.
The economy was now in a state resembling a dying man with a high fever. Interbank interest rates were pushed up to 1,000 percent. High interest rates helped to plunge the economy further into a slump that
already had all the hallmarks of a deep depression. The country was in a fatal downward spiral, where cause becomes effect, and vice-versa. A shrinking economy means falling tax revenues, which means both a
further curtailment of public spending and higher interest rates, and so on, until the bottom is reached. Unfortunately, the bottom is nowhere in sight yet.
Exchange markets were closed on the orders of the central bank to prevent a collapse of the financial system. Even if Argentina were to attempt to pay its debts by surrendering its reserves, it would only have
enough to last until "the middle of the next quarter", according to a report by Suisse Credit First Boston investment bank. Probably even this estimate is too optimistic. But in reality, there is no possibility of
Argentina paying its debts. The Argentine economy stands on the brink of a horrendous collapse and default, which can have serious effects throughout Latin America, and on a world scale.
The crisis in Argentina has sent tremors through the international markets. Markets across the world are watching to see whether the crisis would have a domino effect in other economies in Latin America and
further afield. The initial reaction of the economists, especially in the USA, were predictable. They claim that the crisis in Argentina is a purely local affair which will have no discernable effect elsewhere.
In Washington the White House said it saw few signs of financial contagion from the crisis. It reiterated its position that the new authorities should work with the International Monetary Fund to develop a
sustainable economic programme. But it was the IMF and its policies that brought about the present crisis. Fears that the economic crisis could spread have been dismissed by the White House, which displays the
same staggering ignorance of world economics as it does in the field of world politics.
"It does look like it's isolated to Argentina, and that's a helpful fact," said the White House spokesman, Ari Fleischer.
However, such a complacent view does not conform to the facts. So far, there have been few signs of the contagion that shook markets after the default and devaluation crises of Mexico, Russia and Brazil in the
1990s. But a default by Argentina would be the biggest in history. Abandonment of the currency board system is also likely to have uncertain consequences. A severe devaluation of the Argentine peso will harm
Brazil - Argentina's main trading partner. And the effects of this instability will hit other so-called emerging markets. Already it has caused a sharp decline of the South African rand, and the tremors are reaching
Hong Kong. The Guardian (December 22, 2001) warned: "Wall Street has so far largely ignored events in its own economic backyard. But Argentina is not an inconsequential economy. It is inconceivable, in a
global economy, that its effective bankruptcy will not have knock-on effects. As ever, the most painful of these will come from unexpected Latin America is now in the deepest economic crisis since the war. There is not a single stable bourgeois regime from Tierra del Fuego to the Rio Grande. The objective conditions for socialist revolution have been
ripe in the ex-colonial countries for at least half a century. In fact, they are rotten-ripe for revolution. Decaying capitalism threatens to plunge one country after another into barbarism. There is no way the
imperialists can stop this, no matter how many bombs they drop. The only lasting order that is possible in Argentina is a revolutionary order, based on the assumption of power by the working class, in alliance with the small businessmen, the small farmers, the unemployed,
the women and the youth.
The central slogan of this new power is the general strike. But the general strike must be organised and prepared. The only way to guarantee that the movement will take place in an organised manner, with no
rioting and looting, is through the creation of action committees, elected committees of the workers, which must be broadened to include the elected representatives of the unemployed, the small shopkeepers, the
students, and all elements of the population except the exploiters.
The committees should organise transportation and the distribution of food and other necessities of life to the poorest sections of the population. They must control prices and patrol the streets to maintain order and
fight reaction. In order to fulfil these functions, they will need to acquire arms. An appeal should be made to the soldiers and police to set up elected committees, purge their ranks of fascists and other reactionaries
and link up with the workers' committees.The recent street
battles showed that the workers and youth had lost all fear of the police and the state and prepared to fight and die if necessary, to defend their just cause.
Only a radical reconstruction of society from top to bottom can show a way out of the impasse. In the coming period, the question will be posed bluntly: either the greatest of victories or
the most terrible of defeats. Its repercussions would be felt in the USA, and on a world scale. Instead of preparing new military interventions against the peoples of Asia, Africa and Latin America, but would be faced with
revolutions everywhere. Bravo to our southern Companeros!
by Danny 1:23pm Mon Dec 24 '01
Our hats off to the heroic Argentine workers, who have suffered so much misery & epxloitation from their own country's compradors of globalized Private Capital. Only this time the bloodsuckers made a complete economic mess, thanks to the IMF/"free trade" & WTO's "poverty reduction" measures.
In the coming months, the progressives will need support, analytical clarity, and an alternative economic & political program to advance a New Collective Society. Let all progressives around the world offer them both moral & material support, and the peoples will have won a pivotal victory against the New International Terrorist(the hegemony of Capital.)
Look to South America for solution (english)
by Fred P 5:40pm Mon Dec 24 '01
good information - but it is also important to point out that IMF/World Bank loans are also a cause of major instability in Ecuador, Bolivia and Colombia, countries which all have huge debts that are currently unpayable.
Structural adjustment programs led to a million human march on Ecuador's capitol and a temporary replacement of the executive branch of the government there.
Bolivia is currently in crisis because poverty stricken farmers are revolting.Crypto-anarchist Code red.
A "mexican wave" of Tsunami proportions may sweep the planet.Can you dig it? CAN YOU DIG IT!

@_date: 2001-12-25 18:14:16
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Illusional delusions  
>>The solution for money laundering is to remove the "money", as defined
by the state, from the equation.
Crypto removes the content from everyones's eyes except the two parties
that communicate. That is what crypto can do. The moment one wants to
convert some bits to state-money she is doomed. If you want to
rely/convert at any point to the state-money you will become a money
launderer/terrorist/whatever. There is simply no way around this. Paper
cash is not a solution, since it is observable. Anything observable is
not a solution.
This is a fundamental problem - not unlike futile attempts to stop
copying the content one can hear or see, or to invent foolproof
Instead, we need a new principle that will not include state-money in
any form or shape.
Thinking aloud ... this may be silly:
Let's start from something that works - secret key message exchange,
maybe enhanced with PK key exchange for the carefree. A person, by
defintion, trusts itself, so currency known only to the two parties
should be reasonably safe. Every pair of traders have their own
currency. A disbalance (A owes B but C owes A) is resolved by creating
new B-C currency. There is no anonymity, but the network is hardly
connected and therefore reasonably safe. The system is hardly new but it
was never done in software AFAIK. You never do business with someone
whose reputation you can't instrument. But someone can start a business
for reputation building. Again, hardly new.
This doesn't enable global trade, but frankly I don't care. I don't gain
much from it anyway. Going through a series of intermediaries to buy
some fine Afghan pot is a small price to pay for getting out of the
state's sight.
In other words, with small transistors and digsigs there is no need for
centralised money at all. No more mainframes, thank you. Big business
will suffer, but somehow I don't feel sad.
So, tell me, is this silly ?<<
Yes,sadly,because your talking about barter(BUMs or Barter Unit of Money)These would be assessed as dollars,pounds,francs,marks etc for the purposes of taxation.
Their very existence would be portrayed in court as evidence of malfeasance,much like the AP essay was in the drey..bell case.
As soon as the state feels sufficiently threatened, as it probably will very shortly,
it'll crackdown,much the same as its doing now to hawala.So you need mass civil disobedience to bring down the shared hallucination that we somehow need a state to redistribute in an equitable and sustainable way.Revolution in short.Failing that you need APster to take on the tax collectors and the agents investigating their disappearance.Again revolution follows on quickly.The state doesn't like its servants getting the chop.Small business will and does suffer under the iron heel of the state.Crypto-anarchy based on bomb-proof remailers,APster and BUMs is desirable and close through both technical and political advances.The state should suffer,big business should suffer.Under the present blinkered vision of capitalist crypto-anarchy they have little to fear.
"Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs."
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2001-12-25 18:25:56
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Soft drilling to end "culture of violence"? 
President Olusegun Obasanjo canceled a trip to Zimbabwe and called an emergency Cabinet meeting. Afterward his spokesman, Tunji Oseni, issued a statement saying "no effort will be spared" to end Nigeria's "culture of violence in politics." Later Monday, the president ordered army troops into the streets of Osun state amid fears of violence, and state television announced a nighttime curfew in the state.
Nigeria, Africa's most populous nation with 120 million people, is regularly rocked by violent feuding along political, ethnic and religious Bose Ehindero, a relative of Ige who answered the phone at the official's residence Monday morning, said Ige and his wife, Tinuke Ige, were in their bedroom when the assailants burst in on them.
He was shot despite pleas from his wife, an appeals court judge, to spare his life, Ehindero added.
A team of police officers assigned to protect Ige were away from their posts eating dinner at the time, Ehindero said.
The Lagos daily newspaper ThisDay speculated the killing was linked to a violent political feud between the state's governor and his deputy.
Last week, an Osun state legislator, Odunayo Olagbaju, was bludgeoned to death outside his home in the city of Ife, provoking riots in the city. Five people were reported killed. Olagbaju had been a supporter of Osun Deputy Gov. Iyiola Omisore.
A few days ago, Ige reportedly escaped a mob attack in Ife in which his hat was knocked off and his glasses broken. Ige had apparently backed Osun State Gov. Bamidele Adebisi Akande, ThisDay said.
Ige was the founder of one of Nigeria's three registered political parties, the Alliance for Democracy. Just weeks ago, he was chosen to serve in 2002 on the prestigious U.N. international law commission.
Obasanjo quickly recruited Ige into his government following 1999 elections that ended military rule, even though the two had campaigned for opposing parties. Like Obasanjo, Ige had spent time in prison under the junta and was a Yoruba, the predominant ethnic group in Nigeria's southwest.
Ige led the World Council of Churches' anti-racism campaign in the early 1970s and later became governor of Oyo State during Nigeria's previous period of civilian rule, 1979-83.
He was generally well-liked by many of his fellow Yorubas but distrusted by some northerners for the years he spent campaigning against the northern-dominated military.
As justice minister, he also drew criticism from some northern Muslims for statements against moves by several states to implement Islamic law.
Ige also gained the wrath of state governments in the Niger Delta, where he was seen as responsible for a ruling that restricts the states' earnings from offshore oil drilling.

@_date: 2001-12-25 18:34:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: "Your either with choate or your with the Terrorists" 
What is a slacker? The question is beginning to sound as inane as the answers that have sprung out of the media. It cannot be true that a slacker is in transition between college and the real world, since this demands an acceptance of the concept "real world." Linklater's film seems to suggest that a slacker is in a transition, not between school and employment, but between the dominant conception of reality and his or her own construction of reality.
Linklater has superbly crafted this film to fit the style of the community and characters he tries to portray. The camera never remains focused on one character or event, choosing instead to wander among the nearly 100 characters involved. We see a small slice of the character's life, never to return to him or her again. This can be frustrating to some audiences, but "Slacker" never falls prey to being gimmicky for the sake of the gimmick.
The camera's choice is apparently random, but not without significance. In the opening scene, Linklater's character delivers a monologue about a book that he "must have written" while dreaming on a bus. He asserts that in any situation where we make a choice, each possible path we could have taken becomes a reality. Besides the implication that he could have, should have or did stay at the bus station (where, as he says, he probably would have met a girl), Linklater also indicates that the medium of film is the perpetuator of a dominant ideology.
"We're kind of trapped in this one reality, restriction type of thing," he says, a clue that the film will concentrate on the importance of reality and film to the future of our generation.
 From Linklater, the camera begins its journey around Austin. We overhear interesting conversations on a wide range of topics, from the Smurfs to George Bush, light-blue collar families and, of course, JFK assassination theories. The discussions are not only amusing, but often poignant, and show a group of people expressing themselves within a reality all their own.
Somewhere in the middle of the film, all of the inaction becomes a bit depressing. We have seen a young man run over his mother, then passively submit to the police; we have seen a guy who can't even go outside and relax because it involves preparation; and in the funniest and saddest scene, we have seen a woman who has a sure-fire way of making money: selling Madonna's pap smear (although someone stoled [sic] one of the pubic hairs). One may want to scream, "What is the point here?"
This sentiment is shared by the older generation in the film. Wandering by a woman caught for shoplifting, an old man quips to his daughter, "I'm always glad to see any young person doing something." However, this man is not a member of the dominant, work-hard, capitalist society. He is, instead, an anarchist, with his own subcultural philosophy. Of the man who killed President William McKinley, he says the 100 more like him could have changed the world. This older idealist wishes that young people would act to change the society that they refuse to join, much like he did in fighting the Spanish Civil War. Unfortunately, as his daughter points out, the old man was in Spain in 1955, a bit too late to have been involved in the struggle.
Does this mean Linklater is attacking the "left" as crazy ideologues? This seems implausible considering his general reverence toward these people. The fact that the old man didn't fight is one particular reality, but not the reality that he accepts. The Civil War is the embodiment of his beliefs, and he feels he was there, trying to make a difference. Linklater sympathizes with him, as well as the other characters. They have not yet found a framework for destructive, subversive or any other type of action.
So the characters have not found "framework." If Linklater suggests no possibility of a means of expression, then the concept of a framework is merely an excuse for inaction. But Linklater portrays video and film as such a framework, a hope for the future.
In one instance, a guy with a television strapped to his back talks about the "psychic power" of the televised image. He does not believe in video as an automatic cure-all, but sees its possibilities: "We need it to work for us, not us for it." Indeed, the last group we see experiments with the image in an attempt to make it work for them. Somewhere in the editing of their camerawork lies Linklater's hopes.
No review of "Slacker" can do more than scratch the surface. It is a work of depth, one of the most forward-looking, subversive, hopeful films ever produced. Well-acted, well-photographed and carefully crafted, "Slacker" proves that $23,000 and dedication can still result in important cinema.
by adam joyce
brooklyn, ny
2001-12-24      Excerpt from

@_date: 2001-12-25 19:01:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Shiver me timbers. 
Today's Birthdays
English physicist and mathematician Sir Isaac Newton, considered one of the most important scientists of all time, was born on this day in 1642.
Newtons Sleep by Ursula K Le Guin
On a future Earth of environmental devastation and political instability, rapidly mutating viruses have caused billions of deaths, and the future of the human race is in jeopardy. When a select group of pragmatists take residence in an orbiting habitat, the occupants begin to see visions of the unfortunates they left behind, and some fear that the environmental deprivation has bridged the gap between reality and hallucination. 1991
1907 -- Activist journalist I. F. "Izzy" Stone, US
journalist, lives to tell it like it is, Philadelphia,
Washington editor of "The Nation" magazine &
founder of the legendary "I. F. Stone's Weekly",
Stone specialized in publishing
information ignored by the corporate media
1913 -- "The Italian Hall Disaster." In Calumet,
Michigan, striking copper miners & their children are
having a Christmas celebration; strike-breakers outside
bar the doors then raise a false fire alarm.
In the ensuing stampede, 73 (roughly half are children)
are crushed or suffocated.
1914 -- Wilderness advocate John Muir dies, Los
Angeles, California.
2001-dec 30.Tim May savaged to death
by own security dogs.
Buried at sea.no flowers.

@_date: 2001-12-25 19:21:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: anarchocrapitalism@Timmaysucks.com 
Anarcho-Capitalism is a name given to a philosophy that some call "Free-Market Anarchism," or sometimes the less apt "Libertarianism." (Not all those who call themselves Libertarians are Anarcho-Capitalists. Kind of confusing, huh?)
Grammatically speaking, Anarcho-Capitalism is an oxymoron, which in my opinion makes it unsound as a philosophy. Anarchists are opposed to the economic policies of Capitalism, and anyone claiming to be an 'Anarcho-Capitalist' simply does not grasp the true meaning of Anarchism. Usually calling themselves Libertarians, Anarcho-Capitalists are simply people who have no interest in changing the fundamental nature of society.
People like tim may and david friedman.                                                   Font:

@_date: 2001-12-25 19:31:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: MotherTucker. 
Tucker often claimed that an anarchist could not be a communist! In State Socialism and Anarchism he stated that anarchism was "an ideal utterly inconsistent with that of those Communists who falsely call themselves Anarchists while at the same time advocating a regime of Archism fully as despotic as that of the State Socialists themselves." ["State Socialism and Anarchism", Instead of a Book, pp. 15-16]
While modern social anarchists follow Kropotkin in not denying Proudhon or Tucker as anarchists, we do deny the anarchist title to supporters of capitalism. Why? Simply because anarchism as a political movement (as opposed to a dictionary definition) has always been anti-capitalist and against capitalist wage slavery, exploitation and oppression. In other words, anarchism (in all its forms) has always been associated with specific political and economic ideas. Both Tucker and Kropotkin defined their anarchism as an opposition to both state and capitalism. To quote Tucker on the subject:
"Liberty insists. . . [on] the abolition of the State and the abolition of usury; on no more government of man by man, and no more exploitation of man by man." [cited in Native American Anarchism - A Study of Left-Wing American Individualism by Eunice Schuster, p. 140]
Kropotkin defined anarchism as "the no-government system of socialism." [Kropotkin's Revolutionary Pamphlets, p. 46] Malatesta argued that "when [people] sought to overthrow both State and property -- then it was anarchy was born" and, like Tucker, aimed for "the complete destruction of the domination and exploitation of man by man." [Life and Ideas, p. 19, pp. 22-28] Indeed every leading anarchist theorist defined anarchism as opposition to government and exploitation. Thus Brain Morris' excellent "Another criticism of anarchism is that it has a narrow view of politics: that it sees the state as the fount of all evil, ignoring other aspects of social and economic life. This is a misrepresentation of anarchism. It partly derives from the way anarchism has been defined [in dictionaries, for example], and partly because Marxist historians have tried to exclude anarchism from the broader socialist movement. But when one examines the writings of classical anarchists. . . as well as the character of anarchist movements. . . it is clearly evident that it has never had this limited vision. It has always challenged all forms of authority and exploitation, and has been equally critical of capitalism and religion as it has been of the state." ["Anthropology and Anarchism," Anarchy: A Journal of Desire Armed no. 45, p. 40]

@_date: 2001-12-25 19:41:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fatal Exception 
"The term anarchy comes from the Greek, and essentially means 'no ruler.' Anarchists are people who reject all forms of government or coercive authority, all forms of hierarchy and domination. They are therefore opposed to what the Mexican anarchist Flores Magon called the 'sombre trinity' -- state, capital and the church. Anarchists are thus opposed to both capitalism and to the state, as well as to all forms of religious authority. But anarchists also seek to establish or bring about by varying means, a condition of anarchy, that is, a decentralised society without coercive institutions, a society organised through a federation of voluntary associations. Contemporary 'right-wing' libertarians . . . who are often described as 'anarchocapitalists' and who fervently defend capitalism, are not in any real sense anarchists." [Op. Cit., p. 38]
Rather than call themselves by a name which reflects their origins in liberalism (and not anarchism), the "anarcho"-capitalists have instead seen fit to try and appropriate the name of anarchism and, in order to do so, ignore key aspects of anarchist theory in the process. Little wonder, then, they try and prove their anarchist credentials via dictionary definitions rather than from the anarchist movement itself
Here at

@_date: 2001-12-25 23:42:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Remailer Stats (was: Swiss Bank and timay in a Box)  
>>I think there are a few possible routes to doing this: 0) Cypherpunk applications continuing to be few and far between, not up to "commercial" standards, and not widely deployed. The default. <<
Publicity,ryan,the daughter of invention.Start raising money on ****** then *******,*******,*******.The usual suspects.
I can see the headlines.KILLER APP! HAVEN of DEATH! ASSASSINATION POOLS! Your arrest will make the headlines.Casanova ran the 1st lottery and died a wealthy man.The tempo of declan's knittings just picked up speed.
The 4 horsemen will be wheeled out on you soon,anyway,you and I know that.You have to make a virtue out of what's seems to be ,(but isn't) a liability.APster for the masses.Tell them your only doing it because an aussi mass murderer and cyberstalker threatened to tear your heart out and eat it.Hell,tell the masses of the media,their bosses are next.
Remailers=APster=ecash=laundering=crypto/pedo Its a hard sell but its starting,Its going to be global,your going to be the most famous man that ever lived.The APster craze will amaze.Assassination politics is already here,the global panopticon is already here.Think fusion on Jupiter.Collapse of govts."Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty" used to mean us watching # the government, not the other way around...."Michael Rimmer did not hesitate to save the PM.Dennis More died so that lupins could run free.What would austin Powers do in your shoes? Stig of the dump? Christopher Robin commands it Ryan,for the rebel alliance and the tower of the beautiful maidens,do it.Let he who shall be the rightful king,draw this sword from the stone.Stand on me.

@_date: 2001-12-25 23:47:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Zeitgeist bookshop 
Any laskar jihad terrorist out in the aussi bush can light more than a
little C4.Can also smuggle fruit fly interstate.
The horror...the horror.
AUSTRALIAN ANARCHIST HISTORY
DAVID ANDRADE 1859 - 1928
In May 1886, David Andrade, his brother Will Andrade and a few others formed
Australia9s first Anarchist group - The Melbourne Anarchist Club. David
Andrade was a regular contributor to the club9s journal Honesty. David and
his brother Will were booksellers, they had a newsagency in Brunswick. In
1890, they moved to Liberty Hall in Russell St, Melbourne and set up
Australia9s first anarchist bookshop and vegetarian restaurant.
Andrade was a writer, publisher, distributor, organiser, activist and
propagandist. Publications he wrote include Money - A Study of the Currency
Question 1887, An Anarchist Plan of Campaign 1888 and in 1892 he published
the novel, the Melbourne Riots and how Harry Holdfast and his friends
emancipated "the workers". David Andrade was a major participant in the
Melbourne Anarchist Club split in 1888, which revolved around the question
of "forcible reclamation and defence of liberty" - violence. David Andrade,
a pacifist, rejected the idea of the use of violence.
David Andrade, a man with incredible amounts of energy, became secretary of
the Unemployed Workers Association in Richmond in the early 18909s and in
1893 took up a selection of 10 acres in the Dandenong Ranges at Kallista,
where he cleared the land, built a house and worked as a storekeeper and
mailman. His second son, who was named Proudhon, was born on the selection
in 1893. Andrade and his family were burnt out in the fires of 1898. The
fires destroyed everything he had built up over his lifetime.
Seventeen years after he began his Anarchist Odyssey, the pressures became
too much to bear and David Andrade was admitted to the Yarra Bend asylum in
1903 and spent the next 25 years in various asylums, dying in the Ballarat
Mental Asylum in 1928. His two sons died in 1909 and 1913. Andrade, in
P.D. Gardner9s words, "was caught up with the various means by which the
idea could be turned into practice".
I9m deeply indebted to Mountain Echoes No.21 by P.D. Gardner for the
information for this article.
FIVE YEARS OF MOUNTAIN ECHOES (1-60) IS NOW AVAILABLE FROM NGARAK PRESS.
Write to Ngarak Press, PO Box 18 Ensay 3895 Australia or email Ngarak Press
at ngarak at bigpond.com for your copy of Five Years of Mountain Echoes.
BOOK REVIEW
ANARCHISM ARGUMENTS FOR AND AGAINST, Albert MELTZER, AK Press 7th Edition
2000. ISBN 1873176570
Albert Meltzer, a class struggle anarchist for over 60 years, first
published Anarchism Arguments for and Against in 1981. The booklet was
reissued five times between the time it was first published in 1981 and his
death in 1996. The 7th Edition is pocket size, 96 page, blockbuster, that
like the original, oscillates between brilliance and the mundane.
After an introduction by Sturat Christie on the life and times of Albert
Meltzer, Albert opens his account by giving a potted description of the
modern Anarchist Movement. In this introductory section, Meltzer leaves out
more than he puts in. The rest of the book is split into two distinct
sections, arguments for and against Anarchism. In the first section, he
examines the Inalienable Tenets of Anarchism, the class struggle,
organisation and Anarchism, the role of an Anarchist in an Authoritarian
Society and Bringing about the New Society.
His arguments about what anarchism is, are easy to understand, but patchy in
parts. His tendency to wander off in the midst of an argument to berate who
he considers are his anarchist enemies, diminishes his arguments about
anarchism. The strength of the book lies in the second part. In this part,
Objections to Anarchism, he clearly refutes the arguments of all those
political and social movements that have tried to confine anarchism to the
historical cyber bin. Sixty years of militant activity have clearly
sharpened Meltzer9s intellect to a point where he is able to shrivel the
arguments of all those elements in society that oppose Anarchism in a few
sharp sentences. Objections to Anarchism begins with Meltzer9s ideas on
Leadership and ends with the Reduction of Anarchism to Marginalisation. In
between, he lucidly and simply, overturns the objections of Marxists,
Capitalists, Fascists, Social-Democrats, Trade Union officials, sections of
the Feminist movement and tackles the mythical Average Persons Objection to
Anarchism - Arguments for and Against is available for $10.70 (Australian)
from Anarres Books. Write to them at PO Box 150 East Brunswick 3057
Melbourne Australia or if you are cyber savvy email your order to
mailorder at anarres.org.au. Want Anarres latest catalogue? Write to them or
have a look at their web site

@_date: 2001-12-26 02:35:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Time to unsubscribe...  
Maybe I should start a new list called realitypunks,
 > which will have these rules:
 >
 > 1. No ad hominem attacks.
 >
 > 2. No anti-governemnt ranting.
 >
 > 3. A few select incoherent ranters would need to be kicked out for
 > causing excessive harm to the signal-to-noise ratio.
 >
 > 4. Let's focus on PR, marketing and psychology instead of technology,
 > legal debate, and confrontation.
 >
 > If a bunch of people are interested I'll create it. If not, that's ok
 > too.
Enjoy yourself.
 | Basically half the posts to this list are incoherent, idiotic rambling | from mattd at and ravage at ... The few bits of wonderfully | interesting news on this list aren't quite wonderful enough to | motivate me to figure out how to use mail filters. If someone knows | of a filtered version of this list, please let me know.
  procmail is your friend.
proctology is your future.

@_date: 2001-12-26 03:18:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Argentina has decisively entered the road of revolution.  
>>Great propaganda piece. Take a revolt against government manipulation of the economy and portray it as the death of capitalism... Kinda gives himself away by describing the fall of Saigon as "foreign invaders fleeing  > > Argentina - The Revolution has Begun > > By Alan Woods
Thanks Marc,Its from Indymedia.org,main board.It had some marxist dreck that I edited out.I fear for the anarchists if the leninists simply inherit the torture tables.Its vital more people know how dangerous these authoritarian socialists are.
C/punks calling for crypto-anarchy are liable to be burned alive as commies.OR if the fucking MLers actually win,we could be toasted as crypto-fascists.Monkee's on a rock.There could be e-cash/barter opps though,doncha reckon?

@_date: 2001-12-26 12:18:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May on the end of a rope.  
>>mattd:
 > Ahwell! Still if you want to lump stalinists,trots and
 > anarchs together
The difference between Stalinists and Trots is that the Trots
were from the beginning more extreme, more brutal, and more
contemptuous of ordinary Russians. The original point of
dispute between Stalin and Trotsky was that Trotsky though
Stalin was too soft on the kulaks. The moderate faction in
Russia were the Zinovievists. No one outside Russia thought
himself a Zinovievist, all identifying with the more extreme,
not less extreme, factions of Soviet communism.<<
Spain,jamesd,I thought we were talking about SPAIN! I know a bit about Trotsky's russian background,the betrayal of Makhno and Krondstadt,Its a huge separate issue.Id like to keep this thread a little focused.You are usually very crisp,cool and concise in your posts.Your making extreme statements here.
 >>There once upon a time was difference between those you
falsely call anarchists, and the commies<<
Todays anarchs are easy to find at Ainfos and Infoshop and 100's of minor pages.It might pay anyone calling themselves anarcho-whatever to check them out and compare and contrast information.I trust the natural selection of good ideas.
There are major differences with real live anarchists and "commies".Trust me on this.I've attacked N.Klein and N.Chompsky myself for playing footsie with the ISO,degenerate MLers.Lump everyone together and you only fool  >>but after the
incompatibility between anarchism and socialism was
demonstrated in 1936-1938<<
By jamesd,sole expert on spanish anarcho-commie-fascism.Yeah right.
 >>the difference vanished. Chomsky
illustrates this well. Wherever the masters boot smashes
repeatedly into the face of a child, we can always rely on
Chomsky to find a good word for the master, and demonize the
child as a CIA agent. Chomsky defended the Pol Pot regime in
Cambodia, the slave labor camps employed to pacify South
Vietnam, rationalized the Soviet reinvasion of Czechoslovakia
and Hungary as defence against US aggression, and supported
Stalin's attacks on Greece. <<
The truth vanishes when jamesd gets all in a lather.Im not widely read on Chompsky.I recommend his essay "objectivity and liberal scholarship"on Spain and jamesd and whatever else you can find especially Abel Paz,"Durrutti,The People Armed".IF Chompsky did all those other things you accuse him of then he is contemptible but it would not detract at the slightest from his work on Spain.SPAIN,jamesd.SPAIN.SPAIN.SPAIN.Spainful for you?

@_date: 2001-12-26 12:48:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Big Bang Thought Experiment,  
The Big Bang was a fizzle.Like the 1st ashes series of cricket and the first flight by harry Houdini,it happened near Sunbury
,victoria,au.People began a system of barter.Bob would do a few hours work for alice and earn Barter Units of Money at the rate pegged to the dollar.This system grew organically and exponentially to the point where the treasurer,Peter fuckface costello stepped in and ruled that these BUMs (I forget what they where called) would be taxed at the rate of 1 to the Thus nipping the experiment,that directly threatened the state, in the bud.Since then we have APster so I believe we should try again.Ryan sounds like he might be the "forth man"to do this.I wish him well.Use the force,ryan,the APster force.
"No complex system was ever written from scratch. It always
started out as a simple system that was patched
incrementally. "chairman jamesd.

@_date: 2001-12-26 13:06:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable , 
>>>>| Anarchism is a variant of socialism > > an7ar7chism (nr-kzm) > n. > > The theory or doctrine that all forms of government are oppressive > and > undesirable and should be abolished. > > Which is self-referential (it basically says that even anarchism will > oppress). << > >
Indeed.Especially where delegates are not rotated and revocable.See jamesd > for the dangers anarchism in practise.
You don't need James D., all you've got to do is look to your neighbors. In an anarchism what is illegal is whatever you do that irritates your neighbors. Which is about as coersive as it gets, need an example of why CACL doesnt' work, look at the discussion around the 'CDR:' in message titles.
If your neighbors are irritated by what your doing,you might examine what your doing.APster describes a way of handling car thieves if you read the essay,assassination politics.Anarchism is the best way to minimize coercion.For the difference between anarchism and CACL see... Im hoping some recent threads here might be added to this exellent site soon,real soon.CACL proponents don't even believe their own arguments or they would all go off and try it on an Island somewhere and stop trying to leech off the good name of anarchy.>>look at the discussion around the 'CDR:' in message titles. <<Im not sure what you mean by this,however Im interested in prolonging this thread as long as possible until everyone here see's Tim May for the CIA stooge that he is.Get back to me jim if your not to busy running around like a blue arsed fly.

@_date: 2001-12-26 13:15:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FY;) [Pigdog] I've changed my mind, the 2nd amendment rocks 
What is a Smart Gun?
The numerous gun-related deaths each year in the US has prompted widespread calls for improvements in the safety of handguns. This has led to the development of "smart guns".
100% electronic prototype
The O'Dwyer VLe - the world's first totally electronic handgun live firing prototype - is Metal Storm's 'smart gun', being developed for military and police. With advanced access limiting features, the O'Dwyer VLe operates without any moving parts. The only thing that moves in the weapon is the

@_date: 2001-12-26 14:17:39
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: I am the Walrus. 
The Cybercrime Act gives police the power to search computer networks across different locations and force individuals to reveal encryption keys
Mr Taylor said computer users could also face prosecution for failing to hand over encryption keys, even if they forgot their password.(greg Taylor EFA)
Alternatives to Passport
The Liberty group argues such specifications should be based on open standards and not controlled by a single company. Microsoft also says it supports an open model for authentication based on internet standards.
"We agree and have said for some time that no one company should be in control of such a system," Microsoft spokesman Erik Denny said.
Previously announced founders and members of the Liberty Alliance management board include Bell Canada, Global Crossing, Nokia, NTT DoCoMo, Openwave Systems, RealNetworks, RSA Security, Sony, United Airlines and Internet bank in the black
Correspondents in London
DECEMBER 14, 2001
BRITAIN'S pioneering internet bank, Egg, said today it had hatched a profit last month for the first time since its launch two years ago.
Egg, which was part-floated by its parent, insurance group Prudential, in June last year, said it had pulled in 1.9 million customers and had hit its profitability target.
"At our IPO in June 2000, we committed to break even at some point during the fourth quarter of this year. Today, we are pleased to announce that our management accounts for November show that Egg has made a profit for the month," it said.
Egg stock rose 0.6 per cent to 155 pence ($4.30)in a lower overall market on the news.
Agence France-Presse
  Net defamation reaches top court
Matthew Spencer
DECEMBER 15, 2001 THE High Court will be the first top court in the world to rule on the boundaries of defamation in cyberspace, having agreed to hear an appeal from Dow Jones after the US publisher implied mining magnate Joseph Gutnick was a money launderer.
Gutnick says case should be heard in OZ cos info could be printed out there(!) The guy has others do his laundering while he buys up land for armed zionist fundamentalist fanatics in occupied palestine.
New life for Grand Theft Auto 3
Caitlin Fitzsimmons
DECEMBER 14, 2001
THE banned PlayStation 2 game, Grand Theft Auto 3, is likely to be recoded and could return to Australian stores by February.
The game, which is one of the most popular PS2 games worldwide, was refused classification by the Office of Film and Literature Classification (OFLC) because of implied scenes of sexual violence.
The game had been launched a month earlier with an MA15+ advisory sticker because of an apparent misunderstanding between the distributors, Take 2 Interactive, and the OFLC.
But after the OFLC ban and a failed appeal, it is now illegal to sell or demonstrate the game anywhere in Australia.
Take 2 Interactive managing director James Ellingford said he was in discussions with the developer to modify the game to pass Australia's censorship guidelines.
The expense of the product recall, recoding the game and reprinting the discs would be "significant".
Mr Ellingford said he was waiting for the final report from the OFLC and a face-to-face meeting to discuss the specific problems before he would "push the button" for recoding to start.
He expected to give the go-ahead on December 20 and the best-case scenario would see the game back on shelves by January 25.
Take 2 Interactive planned to launch a version of the game in PC format by March, but there were no plans at this stage to develop it for Microsoft's Grand Theft Auto 3 is one of a new breed of highly realistic games that give complete freedom to the player within the game world.
The player is cast as a gangster who car-jacks vehicles and performs contract work for various crime bosses.
The game contains a scene in which the player can hire a prostitute - although the graphics are limited to a shaking car parked under a tree - but this is not required to complete the game.
The OFLC objected to the fact that the player can bash and kill the prostitute for money after having sex with her.
Cant wait for Grand Theft Crypto.

@_date: 2001-12-26 16:06:11
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: MAY!Heard about Pittsburg PA? 
PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA, USA -
Friday, Dec. 21, 2001 -
'May Day 3' defendants receive light
sentences in plea bargains.
All three had felony charges reduced
to misdemeanors. Each got 30 hours of
community service within six months of
probation. One had been charged with
aggravated assault on an officer. Another
had been charged with carrying an
incendiary device. (It was actually fire
juggling equipment.) The judge, Novak,
actually ruled to keep the incendiary device
charge. In the courtroom, none of the
arresting officers were on hand, only the
The unpermitted march on May 1 was
attacked by police, causing a melee just as
the march entered Market Square (where it
might have dispersed). They arrested ten,
one a juvenile. Several of those arrested were
beaten and pepper sprayed. The thuggery of
the Pittsburgh cops is clearly evident on
videotape. The nine arrested adults spent two
to three days in jail. Six of the nine, with
misdemeanors, were charged in May, receiving
fines and community service. One of these people
is to appeal his sentence in January, 2002.
The march had included anarchist black flags
in celebration of May Day - the international
labor holiday originating in Chicago in 1886.
It included a festive, spring celebration
atmosphere - some carried large paper flowers
on sticks. The march had been billed as a sort
of reclaim the streets action. Most of the 150
to 200 participants were young anarchists or
At subsequent hearings, people from the
anarchist WHAT Collective, the Mr.
Roboto Project (infoshop-space), Black
Radical Congress, the United Electricians,
Labor Party and the Thomas Merton (peace)
Center had come out to show support.
One observer complained that even though
light sentences were handed down, the
protesters still get criminalized for walking
down the street.
Most of those arrested were either anarchists
or IWW members.
-Duff (one of the 'Pittsburgh May Day 9/3'.)
        ****** The A-Infos News Service ******
       News about and of interest to anarchists
                        ******
Tim when you were born,you cried and world around you laughed.When you die soon,you'll laugh and the world around you will cry.

@_date: 2001-12-26 16:23:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Anonymous Barter? 
>> cash is not a solution, since it is observable. Anything observable is >> not a solution. > >Therefore murder, if not witnessed, never happened. If a body falls in the >forest...? You have a problem with simple sentences. Also, when you want to switch the arguments you must do it in more intelligent and coherent way. Payments should happen. The solution is to make them invisible. But let me do it in simpler terms: I owe Mr. Melon 100 credits, which is well-established and provable (to me and him) in our private currency. Mr. Melon owns Mr. Nomen 50 credits. It is very easy to transfer my debt and then I can perform some task for Mr. Nomen worth 50 credits. This happens often in real life. It's called barter and it is taxable, if it can be proved. Never converting anything to paper/book dollars makes it extremely hard to prove. People do favours to each other essentially on the same bases, sans bookkeeping or crypto. Once I did some programming for the guy and instead of paying me he gave his $2000 WW1 rifle to the mutual friend who wanted it and he took it towards commission on a real-estate transaction he did for me. This is a rare. Software could make it more convenient. Just peg a credit to a dollar for the start. >The fact that party X commits a crime without being witnessed does not >eliminate the crime. It merely makes prosecution a bit harder. That is the whole point of crypto. Once I declare your breathing to be a crime (and I have a bigger gun than you do) you better conceal it. >to. Remember that multiple-issuer currencies have been tried before in just I am talking about single-issuer currency. >> whose reputation you can't instrument. But someone can start a business >> for reputation building. Again, hardly new. > >Not new? Name 5 prominent reputation brokers. Reputation services? >Reputation clearing agents? What manner of reputation do they measure? High-interest credit cards or store credit-cards (same as high-interest since they limit you to a single source) that young people or people with no credit can get, for instance ? Mortgage insurance for those with low down-payment ? Maybe Mr. Anonymous who frequents South Africa will mediate transactions between canadians and south africans, since he knows both sides, for a fee ? High-priced shysters introducing their clients to each other ? >> some fine Afghan pot is a small price to pay for getting out of the >> state's sight. > >You want work too hard to stay out of the state's sight. Of course. I never buy controlled substances from dealers, for instance. Always from end-users I knew for years. >(Incidentally, it's "Illusory Delusions." "Ilusional" isn't a word. It's You are just plain stupid, aren't you ? It takes some intelligence to do ad hominems, you know. I sometimes make this mistake, taking plain idiocy for misinformed insight worth arguing. Go to a bookstore, there is a shelve labeled "Reference", take a book called "Dictionary" and look up Illusion (two "l"s, not one): Main Entry: il7lu7sion Pronunciation: i-'l|-zh&n Function: noun Etymology: Middle English, from Middle French, from Late Latin illusion-, illusio, from Latin, action of mocking, from illudere to mock at, from in- + ludere to play, mock -- more at LUDICROUS Date: 14th century 1 a obsolete : the action of deceiving b (1) : the state or fact of being intellectually deceived or misled : MISAPPREHENSION (2) : an instance of such deception 2 a (1) : a misleading image presented to the vision (2) : something that deceives or misleads intellectually b (1) : perception of something objectively existing in such a way as to cause misinterpretation of its actual nature (2) : HALLUCINATION 1 (3) : a pattern capable of reversible perspective 3 : a fine plain transparent bobbinet or tulle usually made of silk and used for veils, trimmings, and dresses - il7lu7sion7al /-'l|zh-n&l, -'l|-zh&-n&l/ adjective

@_date: 2001-12-26 17:48:11
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable , 
> If your neighbors are irritated by what your doing,you might examine what > your doing.
  Really? Why? Am I on their property? Using their property? Breaking some sort of public trust? The reality is that people get 'irritated' by the silliest things, two guys (or girls) kissing in public for example. Wanting to burn a flag or a bible. Going to a different church than they do..<<.
Pulling your dick,yeah,yeah.The question of "property"is one every opponent of CACL should know backwards.
As your a seppo try ...  "property is theft!"
Not causing to much offense means you live longer and so you can irritate your neighbors longer.You have an inalienable right to irritate people:Smug little shits like declan and pompous,pretentious neo-nazis like tim  irritate me.I might have them APstered if I can raise enough BUM based e-cash.Care to chip in a proffr dollar?.)

@_date: 2001-12-26 20:57:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Big Bang Thought Experiment  
jamesd>>>While issue of a purely fiat digital currency without state backing would be an interesting experiment, such a currency could never gain value, never become useful as a medium of exchange. <<
If it started as one unit of barter value that was level with the dollar and floated with it,then its scalable and could and should overtake the dollar at some point.(phase transition or slow fade of D?) Any interference punishable by APster,certain death.Many details remain but you seem mistaken on this,if its hopeless,why bother?
 >>However the niche market where most people expect the introduction of digital cash is internet transactions, where breaking the defaulter's neck is not a viable option<<
You must have APster justice.You have all the horsemen loose so there must be a rein or the masses will support the corrupt,rancid state's crackdown.Not that the crackdown will succeed entirely,new attempts will surely follow.
Huge bombproof remailers,APster backup of contract law and e-cash based on what you know best.The value of your labor.
"Four hundred billionaires now possess wealth equal to that of the 3 billion poorest people on the planet. This capitalist system is inherently violent, oppressive and exploitative. Capitalism cannot be reformed, and that's why we need to abolish it."

@_date: 2001-12-27 16:13:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May on the end of a rope.  
>>The Trots I encountered in Australia seemed remarkably similar to the Trotsky that I found in the history books. Perhaps that is why they called themselves Trotskyists.<<
  I attack the aussi trots at every chance.It helps not to confuse them with anarchists. 57 varieties and all of them poisonous
 >>The story of the Russian radical left is full of hypocrisy, betrayal and murder. The story of the Catalonian radical left is also full of very similar hypocrisy, betrayal and murder, with the added twist that in Catalonia the anarchist nomenclatura was sold by the anarchist leadership into the hands of their enemies.<<
Um,anarchists being sold out by "leadership".Anarchists don't have leadership,if they did they did they wouldn't be anarchists.The story of every political movement is full of hypocrisy, betrayal and murder.That's why I choose anarchism to minimize my chances of those things happening to me.
 >>The differences that seem so big and important from the inside, are small from the outside. <<
You should't hang with 'punks into C/anarchy then,are you insane?The police state might crucify you.
Chompsky seems to have not addressed anarchism for over 20 years.His essay remains the best hirstorical one Ive seen on Spain.(Objectivity and liberal  >>I notice that you approvingly cite Huben's FAQ, whose central argument is that the federal government is the rightful owner of everything in the USA. <<
I read widely and quote selectively and sometimes provocatively,thanks for the heads up on Huben.The central argument of the federal govt seems to be that they own the friggin world.The best way to shake them of that misconception seems to me to be anarchy.libertarian socialist,crypto-anarchic good old fashioned ANARCHY.Viva,anarchia,VIVA!

@_date: 2001-12-27 16:48:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: James people play 
DECEMBER 26 -- JAMES EADS HOW
Patron Saint of the Boxcar Traveler.
1787 -- Framed?: Anti-Federalist mob, displeased that
a Pennsylvania State Convention ratified the US
Constitution, attack a framer of the document, James
Wilson, with barrel staves & nearly kill him
1865 -- Perky?: James Nason invents coffee percolator.
Spanish for james? 1917 -- Josi Peiro Olives lives. Son of the Spanish
anarcho-syndicalist theorist & militant, Juan Peiro Belis.
The: Daily Bleed  Subject: Daily Bleed:

@_date: 2001-12-27 16:56:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FIRE BUSH 
What to do if a bushfire approaches your house
7 Wet the roof and garden.
7 Turn on sprinkler system (if you have one).
7 Clear leaves and branches from around the house.
7 Clear gutters.
. Kill the president.
7 Move flammable items (boxes, garden furniture) away from house.
7 Move flammable items (boxes, garden furniture) away from house.
7 Block downpipes and fill gutters with water.
7 Place wet towels and blankets against gaps under doors and windows.
7 Dress in protective clothing: sturdy leather footwear, long pants and
long sleeved shirt or jumper (preferably wool), broad-brimmed hat, goggles,
handkerchiefs to tie over nose and mouth.
7 Fill baths, sinks and buckets with water.
7 If you intend to evacuate, plan well ahead of time where to stay and how
to travel.
7 If staying, go inside as fire front approaches and remain inside until
the fire has passed.
7 Close heavy curtains, close shutters if you have them.
7 For several hours after the fire front has passed, patrol your property
and put out spot fires started by flying embers.
7 Check roof cavity frequently for spot fires.
Source: NSW Rural Fire Service

@_date: 2001-12-27 17:33:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Joshua on probable death list 
Just noticed the current list of names most commonly issued to new-born babies in NSW.
The most popular name for a boy is Joshua.(matt's brahms and litszt)
Other lists are more confusing. Take a look at the recently published list of supermarket products which have generated the most business in the past year. Then look at the list of poisons which have most frequently occasioned calls to the NSW Poisons Information Centre. It would be easy to mistake one list for the other. The most successful supermarket line, for the umpteenth year in a row, is Coke.(famous for having unionizers wacked south of the border.)
After Coke comes four separate brands of tobacco, Longbeach being the winner among them and second overall. By comparison, the most worrying poison seems quite benign. It is paracetamol. Indeed, six out of the 10 top poisons can be bought at Franklins or Coles. If your supermarket is infested with spiders, you can make that seven. And if you are willing to class junk food as either an antidepressant or a sedative, you can make it nine.(put CATO down there)
This is particularly true at the end of the year. This time is so frenetic that I need a list of lists. After Christmas comes the list of people you have forgotten to buy something for. This is a good list to get onto, if you can, as the instinct to make amends often means you end up with a better present in the long run. And, of course, there is the list of new year's resolutions. (Kill the president?I really wish they'd all just vamoose.)
I have a modest proposal. Lists are about fulfilling obligations. Yet the one which might include a few obligations to yourself, the list of resolutions, is always the first to fall by the wayside. Just drop it.
The wise tell us that a difficult resolution is best kept a day at a time. Make a fresh list every day. Even if the same things are on it as yesterday.

@_date: 2001-12-27 17:49:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May on the end of a rope.  
>>The Catalonian "anarchists" needed a leadership in order to
impose socialism, resulting in such bizarre and amusing
titles as "Anarchist minister of the economy". This had the
usual unfortunate side effect that the midlevel militants,
the nomenclatura that operated the bureacracy, the prisons,
and the killing fields, found themselves utterly powerless in
the hands of their leaders, as was illustrated when the
leadership casually dissolved the local committees. <<
Anarchist minister for justice! Yeah,Its funny how things went.Many grass roots anarchs knew all was lost by then and the revolution was well and truly lost shortly after it was won.See "homage to Catalonia."Hugh Thomas,then your stuff,then if your a thinking punk,see,"Objectivity and liberal scholarship".Luckily we'll have APster to revoce and rotate those anarchist "leaders" of the crypto-anarchist revolution that will try and sell us out.(such as that anarcho-charlatan, Tim May)
  "nine-tenths of everything written about the Spanish Civil War is a lie". George Orwell.

@_date: 2001-12-27 18:17:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Explosive decompression. 
>> A good thing most places I want to travel to I can get to by car. --Tim May <<
Keep an eye out for anarchists with uzi's,niggaz with attitude and Catherine Trammel.shooter.
""They knew I wasn't planning to kill federal agents", Bell said this month. "They were scared because I had written something that shows a way to eliminate government. They were afraid I could convince the public that I could replace existing government for no more than a 10th or 20th of its current cost."
"Imagine for a moment that, as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount. If 0.1 percent of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead,(or some ordinary anarcho-capitalist slimeball) that would be in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head."
I think that one last (temporary) hope for government is to delay APster. Chances are good that the "think tank" decided that the best way to delay APster is to discredit me, its author. It was a desperate gamble, particularly because the act of harassing me automatically gives APster more publicity. That's the reason they will fail; the more they try to "get" me, the worse it will be for them." Your gps is in the mail May.

@_date: 2001-12-27 18:51:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Your funeral...my trial. 
Red Right Hand
Take a little walk to the edge of town
Go across the tracks
Where the viaduct looms,
like a bird of doom
As it shifts and cracks
Where secrets lie in the border fires,
in the humming wires
Hey man, you know
you're never coming back
Past the square, past the bridge,
past the mills, past the stacks
On a gathering storm comes
a tall handsome man
In a dusty black coat with
a red right hand
He'll wrap you in his arms,
tell you that you've been a good boy
He'll rekindle all the dreams
it took you a lifetime to destroy
He'll reach deep into the hole,
heal your shrinking soul
Hey buddy, you know you're
never ever coming back
He's a god, he's a man,
he's a ghost, he's a guru
They're whispering his name
through this disappearing land
But hidden in his coat
is a red right hand
You ain't got no money?
He'll get you some
You ain't got no car? He'll get you one
You ain't got no self-respect,
you feel like an insect
Well don't you worry buddy,
cause here he comes
Through the ghettos and the barrio
and the bowery and the slum
A shadow is cast wherever he stands
Stacks of green paper in his
red right hand
He's mumbling words you can't understand
He's mumbling word behind his red right hand.

@_date: 2001-12-27 20:15:07
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Out of control 
The sky is just black and the sun is a red ball in the sky and ash is covering everything."
Still they did have one warning,3 days and 1 month before TMs Gotterdammerung.)
 >Message for john Howard
 >by the base au 2:02am Mon Nov 12 '01 (Modified on 9:56am Mon Nov 12 '01)
 >The Base au.today warns the new govt.to withdraw from the crusaders  >AU is vunerable to fruit fly and bushfire hazard.This is well known.The base
 >will not take attacks from your SAS forces lying down.One warning only is And no it wasn't me.I suspect Nigel.Hawthorne.

@_date: 2001-12-27 21:19:43
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Sacco,Vanzetti and the New England Mafia 
A member of the new england mafia was said to have bragged about committing the crime for which the anarchists were murdered in cold blood by the state.The region that gave us the Kennedy crime family and the Bush now Bush action gives safe harbor to FBI `terrorists'
by Howie Carr c/o jorlin grabbe.
Friday, December 14, 2001
So President Bush, fighting terrorism abroad, now invokes executive privilege to keep us from getting to the bottom of FBI terrorism back home.
I don't understand. Except in terms of the body count, what's the difference between an al-Qaeda savage on Tora Bora and a crooked G-man in A badge, and that's about it.
They both kill Americans or help fiends who do. And when they're confronted, they run away and hide. The Arabs cower in caves, the retired FBI agents sun themselves in Florida.
Considering what we already know about the 30-year crime wave engineered by the Boston office of the FBI, how much worse stuff must there be in those files that we still don't know about?
And now we may never know, thanks to Bush's invocation of executive privilege.
And another thing: If this sort of FBI misconduct has been going on in Boston, which is, let's face it, a Mafia backwater, then what exactly do you suppose the feds have been up to in places like Chicago and New York? We know something about the ``rogue'' FBI agent in New York who tipped off one faction in the Colombo crime family to the machinations of another crew, leading to various rubouts and attempted hits.
Now you have to figure that there's worse stuff out there, much worse.
Why else would Bush wait to do this until the same day that they release the Osama videotape, make the official announcement renouncing the ABM treaty, and come ever closer to finishing off the terrorists in Tora Bora.
Bush and Ashcroft were trying to bury the story.
Not releasing these radioactive FBI files is so important that the Republican administration thumbed its nose at the Republican House of Representatives. Immediately affected was Rep. Dan Burton (R-Ind.) who subpoenaed the documents relating to the FBI's use of informants in Boston dating back to the 1960s.
``They don't want to create a precedent,'' said one Boston attorney yesterday. ``But the problem is, this can of worms is already opened.''
Is it ever. Back in 1965, the feds got word that Teddy Deegan, a small-time hood (and uncle of future Dukakoid criminal Gerry Indelicato) was on the Lucky Strike Hit Parade. The feds didn't tell Deegan he was going to get hit, and guess what. He got hit.
The FBI knew who whacked Deegan, but they still let four guys who didn't do it go to prison for 30 years, where two of them died, innocent men. The FBI dummied up as their own hitman-turned-informant perjured himself, to protect the brother of another gangster they were grooming as their next big rat, one Steve Flemmi.
Osama had a jihad against the infidels, and that justified absolutely anything. The FBI had a jihad against the Italians, and ditto.
As usually happens whenever somebody thinks God is on their side, the bodies started piling up. The FBI's hoods needed multiple death pits to hide the corpses. Young girls were raped, city neighborhoods were flooded with cocaine, the state payrolls were inundated with gangsters. Law-enforcement was subverted - local, state and federal.
President Bush, I believe we have a right to know how a federal agency aided and abetted serial killers.
``I believe,'' Bush wrote, ``congressional access to these documents would be contrary to the national interest.''
But these gangsters and their crooked-cop enablers were going after American citizens.
Howie Carr's radio show can be heard every weekday afternoon on WRKO-AM 680, WHYN-AM 560, WGAN-AM 560, WXTK 95.1 FM or online at Howie Carr Talk Back

@_date: 2001-12-27 22:27:35
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Argentina's new money.Licence to print e-cash? 
Mr Rodriguez Saa, 54, governor of the central Argentinian province of San Luis, became Argentina's third president in four days. He said he will not devalue the peso or dollarise the economy but will introduce a new currency to operate alongside the peso, which has been pegged at one to the dollar for the past decade.
The new coinage is aimed at injecting liquidity to get money into the hands of ordinary Argentinians. Essentially, it is a licence to print extra money.
Mr Rodriguez Saa said: "This is not a rejection of foreign debt but rather the first move by a rational government to deal with the foreign debt correctly." Asked how he expects international banks and financial institutions to respond to anticipated deep losses, Mr Rodriguez Saa said: "International markets will react well because we will negotiate with them."
Speaking in a packed Congress, where he was named president after a 15-hour session, Mr Rodriguez Saa said that the people would have priority over crippling debt payments, adding: "Let's take the bull by the horns."
He said Argentina, which has been in recession for nearly three years, would not permanently shun its obligations. Mr Rodriguez Saa replaced Ramon Puerta, who was acting president while congressional leaders sought a replacement for Fernando de la Rua.
Mr de la Rua, who said two months ago that there would be "no devaluation, no default," resigned last Thursday after street protests against his austerity measures.
Mr Rodriguez Saa suggested that Mr de la Rua's policies had punished ordinary Argentinians. "They gave priority to the payment of the foreign debt over the payment of the debt to its own people," he said, to shouts of "Argentina! Argentina!"
Economists have expected a default declaration for months. Argentina, which represents 25pc of all emerging market debt, has an unemployment rate of 18.3pc, with 40pc of the 36m population at or near the poverty line.
Its debt represents 46pc of the nation's $285 billion gross domestic product and the nation's benchmark Brady bond, the FRB, is trading at 24pc of its face value. Argentina has already received two International Monetary Fund bail-outs and some observers have dubbed the economy "the slowest train wreck in history".
All Argentine exchange markets have been closed since Friday and are not expected to open before tomorrow.
The e-cash,BUM Tsunami is forming its global mexican wave.Collapse of governments Imminent.May beshits himself.

@_date: 2001-12-27 23:15:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Jesus motherfucking christ. 
Jesus H Christ is Tim May a money changer in the Temple or just drinking sea water?"Im in favor of the free market,obviously."creeping shitface Tim May.Christmas Day.01.
No Offense
- But Muslims Love
Jesus As Much As Christians
By John Casey
The Telegraph - London
Some years ago, an agnostic friend of mine married a Jewish woman who practised her faith seriously. He took instruction in Judaism and seemed quite likely to convert - but eventually did not. His chief reason was that he remained agnostic. But there was another obstacle that surprised even himself: "I found that I just did not want to give up Jesus."
In European culture, there is no getting away from Jesus even if you are agnostic. True, Nietzsche tried to reject him with detestation and contempt, calling him an "idiot", a purveyor of a sick, decadent view of the world. Nietzsche thought that the only figure in the New Testament who commands respect is Pontius Pilate. Yet the very ferocity of Nietzsche's onslaught on Jesus showed how strong in his heart was the image he wanted to destroy.
Now, what if my friend had married a Muslim? The interesting thing is that he could have kept Jesus - not the Jesus who was the Son of God, admittedly, and who was crucified, but certainly the Jesus who was Messiah and miracle worker, who conversed regularly with God, who was born of a virgin and who ascended into heaven.
Jesus is referred to quite often in the Koran, six times under the title "Messiah". Yet I had long supposed that the importance of Jesus as prophet in Muslim tradition was not much more than a matter of lip-service, something to which Muslims gave (to use Cardinal Newman's distinction) "notional" rather than "real" assent.
This impression was strengthened when I went to Ur of the Chaldees in southern Iraq and visited the so-called house of Abraham. It is only a few piles of sun-baked mud bricks, but you would have expected hundreds of Muslim Arabs to be visiting the birth-place of their Patriarch. I saw none - whereas the shrines of Muslim martyrs in Najaf and Kerbala were thronged. I assumed, therefore, that Jesus must be a marginal figure in the Muslim world.
How wrong this assumption was I have learnt by reading a fascinating and instructive book, The Muslim Jesus, by the Cambridge academic Tarif Khalidi. Professor Khalidi has brought together, from a vast range of sources, most of the stories, sayings and traditions of Jesus that are to be found in Muslim piety from the earliest times.
The Muslim Jesus is an ascetic, a man of voluntary poverty, humility and long-suffering. He literally turns the other cheek, allowing his face to be slapped twice in order to protect two of his disciples. He teaches the return of good for evil: "Jesus used to say, 'Charity does not mean doing good to him who does good to you . . . Charity means that you should do good to him who does you harm.' " He loves the poor and embraces poverty: "The day Jesus was raised to heaven, he left behind nothing but a woollen garment, a slingshot and two sandals." He preaches against attachment to worldly things: "Jesus said, `He who seeks worldly things is like the man who drinks sea water: the more he drinks, the more thirsty he becomes, until it kills him.' "
Many of the sayings of the Muslim Jesus are clearly derived from Biblical sources - "Place your treasures in heaven, for the heart of man is where his treasure is"; "Look at the birds coming and going! They neither reap nor plough, and God provides for them." Sometimes there is a sort of gloss on words of Jesus from the Gospel: "Oh disciples, do not cast pearls before swine, for the swine can do nothing with them . . . wisdom is more precious than pearls and whoever rejects wisdom is worse than a swine."
He is certainly a wonder-worker. He often raises the dead, and gives his disciples power to do the same. More than once he comes across a skull and restores it to life, on one occasion granting salvation to a person who had been damned. The skulls, like everyone else in these stories, address Jesus as "Spirit of God". Once he is even addressed as "Word of God".
I once had a conversation with members of Hizbollah in Beirut. One of them said this: "The greatness of Islam is that we combine Judaism and Christianity. Jesus freed enslaved hearts, he was able to release human feeling, to reveal a kingdom of peace. Jesus's realm was the realm of soul. Jesus is soul; Moses is mind, the mind of the legislator. In Islam, we interweave both."
This is certainly the Jesus of these stories - the Jesus of the mystical Sufi tradition. The great Muslim philosopher Al-Ghazali actually called Jesus "Prophet of the heart".
The Muslim Jesus is not divine, but a humble servant of God. He was not crucified - Islam insists that the story of the killing of Jesus is false. He is, as it were, Jesus as he might have been without St Paul or St Augustine or the Council of Nicaea. He is not the cold figure of English Unitarianism, and he is less grand than the exalted human of the Arians. As you read these stories, what comes across most powerfully is that the Muslim Jesus is intensely loved. There is an element of St Francis of Assisi.
It is good to be reminded, especially now, of the intimate connections there have been between Islam and Christianity, and how close in spirit Muslim and Christian piety can come to each other. Curiously enough, the Muslim Jesus, shorn of all claims of divinity, could be more easily held on to by my agnostic friend than the Second Person of the Holy Trinity.
One other thing: since Muslims deny the Crucifixion, their emphasis has been on the wonders surrounding the birth of "Jesus Son of Mary", born as his mother sat under a palm tree, and miraculously speaking from within the womb. There really is no reason why schools that put on Nativity plays, or anyone who wants to insist on the Christian meaning of Christmas, should fear that they may offend Muslim sensibilities, for Jesus really is shared by both faiths.
The Muslim Jesus by Tarif Khalidi (Harvard University Press) is available from Telegraph Books Direct at  plus  p&p. To order, call 0870 155 7222
John Casey is a fellow of Gonville and Caius, Cambridge

@_date: 2001-12-27 23:23:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CHEAPINT.PROMIS.or Assassinating Larry threat? 
WASHINGTON, DC -- Recent moves to beef up intelligence gathering in the wake of the September 11th terrorist attacks have civil libertarians concerned that law enforcement agencies will entangle many law abiding citizens and social justice groups in their surveillance missions. Intelligence networks are setting their sights on the Internet, which up to now has had no clear privacy guidelines. Under the provisions of the inaptly named anti-terrorism act, "USA-PATRIOT," the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), National Security Agency (NSA), Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), and a number of other smaller law enforcement agencies are looking for ways to monitor the Internet and mine useful intelligence from it. And new technology makes it easier than ever to spy on the Internet.
Although law enforcement and intelligence agencies claim they are merely looking for information to counter future acts of terrorism, the definition of "terrorism" is being expanded to cover non-violent groups that have traditionally used the Internet to marshal resistance to corporate-inspired globalization. Politicians are already painting dissent as "unpatriotic" and therefore somehow linked to terrorism.
Meanwhile, a phalanx of software companies, consultants, and defense contractors stand to reap billions of dollars over the next few years by selling surveillance and information-gathering systems to government agencies and the private sector.
Technology Already in the Hands of Law Enforcement
Law enforcement agencies like the FBI already have at their disposal a massive information sharing network through which federal, state, local, and foreign police forces can exchange information on groups felt to pose a threat. The system, RISSNET, or Regional Information Sharing System Network, which existed before the September 11th attacks, recently got a boost when Congress authorized additional money for it in the USA PATRIOT Act.
RISSNET is a secure intranet that connects 5,700 law enforcement agencies in all 50 states, as well as agencies in Ontario and Quebec, the District of Columbia, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and Australia. According to sources close to the Washington Metropolitan Police, data on targeted local groups such as the Alliance for Global Justice, the anti-World Bank/International Monetary Fund activist organization, has been shared with other jurisdictions through RISSNET.
RISSNET has also been used to coordinate the monitoring of the activities of anti-globalization protestors in Seattle, Quebec City, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Washington DC and Genoa. For example, when the FBI seized network server logs from Independent Media Center (IMC) in Seattle during the April 2001 anti-free trade protests in Quebec City, RISSNET was used to coordinate activities across jurisdictional boundaries. The IMC, founded during the 1999 WTO protests, allows activists and independent journalists to post directly to its site.(anon with no logs kept,needs mirrors.pr)
State and metropolitan police intelligence units also monitor the web sites of activist organizations in their jurisdictions. All RISS intelligence is archived by an Orwellian-sounding entity called MAGLOCLEN or "Middle Atlantic-Great Lakes Organized Crime Law Enforcement Network." There are other regional RISS intelligence centers around the country with equally mysterious acronyms. MAGLOCLEN, a nerve center headquartered in Newtown, Pennsylvania, distributes political intelligence to all police departments hooked up to RISSNET.
MAGLOCLEN allows police investigators to link various activist groups and members through the Link Association Analysis sub-system, a relational data base that identifies the "friends and families" of groups and individuals. The Telephone Record Analysis sub-system can call up records of phone calls of targeted groups and individuals. A suspect group's banking and other commercial data can be monitored by the Financial Analysis sub-system. And through a system that would have been the envy of J. Edgar Hoover, police and federal agents can also call up profiles that provide specific information on the composition of organizations, including their membership lists. The Justice Department has instituted a project called RISSNET II, which directly links the individual databases contained within the various RISS centers.
The FBI also runs its own intranet called Law Enforcement On-line or "LEO," which allows it to communicate intelligence with select other law enforcement agencies. In the aftermath of September 11th , the FBI is under pressure to open up LEO to more police agencies so they can have access to more real-time intelligence. If Attorney General John Ashcroft lifts restrictions placed on the FBI's collection of political intelligence, undoubtedly information on the First Amendment activities of American citizens will wind up in the Bureau's computer databases.
"There has been no indication that the FBI needs expanded spying powers," says Center for Constitutional Rights attorney Michael Ratner. "We should learn from history; spying on dissent is not only unlawful but it is abusive."
This kind of surveillance is not new. In the 1960s and 70s, the FBI's Counter Intelligence Program, known as COINTELPRO, was used to gather personal details on the lives and habits of a wide array of activists ranging from public figures like Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., actress Jane Fonda and noted pediatrician Benjamin Spock, to members of local anti-war and civil rights groups. This information was often used to disrupt lawful organizing and protest activities.
A modern-day FBI list might include any group deemed "terrorist" by any law enforcement agencies, the military, or criminal prosecutors. That could subject organizations as varied -- and unconnected to terrorism -- as Earth First, Greenpeace, the American Indian Movement, the Zapatista National Liberation Front, ACT UP, and their supporters to a wide array of high-tech surveillance and eavesdropping tools.
Chief among spy agency tools is an e-mail sniffing program known as Carnivore. Changes brought about by USA-PATRIOT allow federal law enforcement officials to petition a secretive federal court called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for warrants to tap phones, read e-mail, or break and enter into homes or offices to conduct searches and plant bugging devices. These spy activities can be carried out without proof that an organization has links to terrorists or foreign intelligence To read e-mail the FBI can order an Internet Service Provider to place a special monitoring computer called Carnivore (now renamed Data Collection System 1000) on its network servers. The FBI can then select the e-mail of surveillance targets for capture and storage. Not content with this device, the FBI now seeks to expand its surveillance capability to the entire Internet.
Making a Buck off of Government Spying
companies that are positioning themselves to help the government surveill the web came out in force at a recent Homeland Security Conference in Washington. They included Oracle, Microsoft, Information Builders, Choice Point, Man Tech, AMS, and Booz Allen & Hamilton. Government speakers from civilian and military agencies all stressed that they urgently need the technology to store surveillance-derived intelligence and exchange it with other agencies. If these corporations step up to the plate on developing new surveillance, monitoring, and biometric ID systems, they stand to make Companies like Top Layer Networks, Inc. of Westboro, Massachusetts, are developing ways for FBI to install surveillance systems at a few key Internet hubs which would allow federal agents to remotely flip a switch and pound a few keys to begin monitoring the e-mail or web-based mail of any targeted group or individual. According to chief Top Layer engineer Ken Georgiades, the firm is working with a number of partners to develop new standards for the legal interception of communications at the Internet Service Provider level and at higher gigabit speeds.
The higher gigabit intercept equipment would be placed at major Internet backbone hubs in strategic locations like Washington, DC, the San Francisco Bay Area, Chicago, Dallas, and Los Angeles. Georgiades said that the1994 Communications Assistance to Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) does not currently extend to the Internet and only applies to telecommunications companies. However, the fact that Top Layer and its unspecified partners are ramping up to deliver CALEA-like wiretapping services for the Internet indicates the FBI sees the power of CALEA growing beyond phone lines to the web. And Georgiades pointed out that foreign governments are under no such constraints and can use Internet snooping equipment under existing current wiretapping laws.
David Banisar, Research Fellow at Harvard's Information Infrastructure Project, said such systems "set a dangerous precedent to allow law enforcement and intelligence agencies to run the communications system." He added, "these agencies take an over-inclusive view of who they think are the enemies and its likely that civil and human rights groups will, again, be monitored for no legitimate reason."
The large defense and intelligence consulting and engineering firm Booz, Allen & Hamilton has not only developed the FBI's Carnivore capability but it has assisted the bureau in ensuring that all telecommunications companies engineer their systems to ensure they are "wiretap friendly." The companies are required by the Communications Assistance to Law Enforcement Act to ensure the FBI has access to all forms of telecommunications, including cellular calls.
What if a target decides to use encryption to protect their e-mail from interception? That is not a problem for the FBI. Booz Allen & Hamilton has helped develop a system code-named Magic Lantern, which permits a virus containing a key logging program to be secretly transmitted to a recipient. After installing itself on the target's computer, any time the target types in a password to decrypt a message, that same password is immediately picked up by Magic Lantern and transmitted to the FBI. Essentially, the FBI has a virtual master key to break any encryption program used by a surveillance target.
A companion program to Magic Lantern, code named Cyber Knight, is a relational database system that compares and matches information from e-mail, Internet relay chats, instant messages, and Internet voice Not to be outdone by the FBI, the CIA has also been extremely active in developing software than can dig deep within the Internet to harvest information. The CIA has relied heavily on its wholly-owned and operated proprietary Silicon Valley company, IN-Q-TEL, to fund research and development for Internet snooping software. IN-Q-TEL's President and Chief Executive Officer Gilman Louie is to keynote a January 2002 Las Vegas seminar on the use of emerging intelligence technology to search and analyze the web. He is to be joined by Joan Dempsey, the Deputy Director of the CIA for Intelligence Community Management. IN-Q-TEL's web page describes the aggressive attitude the CIA is taking toward ensuring new technologies come complete with the spy agency's seal of approval, "IN-Q-TEL strives to extend the Agency's access to new IT companies, solutions, and approaches to address their priority problems."
Assisting the government in its goals to gather massive amounts of personal information on citizens and non-citizens, is a company that owes its very existence to the CIA. Oracle, Inc. Chairman Larry Ellison has offered to provide to the government free of charge the database software required to establish an interactive national ID card system. Oracle got its start when the CIA gave Ellison a contract in the 1970s to design a system to enable the agency to store and retrieve massive amounts if information in databases. Not coincidentally, the code name of that CIA project was "Oracle."
The rush by the government to monitor the Internet has the backing of a group of federal contract research facilities that have pounded out report after report warning about the threat of cyberspace to national security. These "think tanks" include Rand Corporation and Analytical Services Corporation (ANSER). They are assisted in this policy laundering effort by the Center for Strategic and International Studies, the K Street rest home for former Pentagon, intelligence, and State Department political appointees.
But all the technology in the world will not protect citizens from terrorist attacks, unless the government knows how to use the information effectively. As the government and a few selected companies and think tanks push for new surveillance laws and more monitoring of the Internet and telecommunications in general, the words of Mary Schiavo, the Transportation Department's former Inspector General and outspoken critic of lax airline security, are particularly poignant. Speaking in Washington on December 18, Schiavo pointed out that the "United States already had laws to prevent what happened on September 11th . . . they weren't being Wayne Madsen is a Washington-based journalist who covers intelligence, national security, and foreign affairs. He is also a Senior Fellow of the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) in Washington, DC and author of "Genocide and Covert Operations in Africa 1993-1999" (Mellen Press).Kill the President.
USAma struck in self defence,I propose all APsters do the same and select all federal employee's as legitimate targets.

@_date: 2001-12-27 23:27:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Havenco crackdown looming 
It lists specific risks:
7 A nuclear attack "which would have a devastating effect on the UK";
7 An attack on the London Underground using a small, unsophisticated, improvised explosive device;
7 A chemical or biological attack, for example, on the tube.
"Biological or chemical attacks although potentially less devastating would lead to widespread public alarm and potentially many fatalities," the document says.
A Home Office statement warns that because of its close alliance to America, Britain is vulnerable to a "nuclear attack, an attack on the London Underground of the type used in Paris in 1995... [or] a chemical or biological attack, for example on the underground".
There is also the risk of a September 11-style attack involving hijacked airliners. Raised security standards have made such an attack more difficult, the document says, but "protection depends on their uniform application internationally".
The 20-page document, placed before the court on behalf of the home secretary, David Blunkett, refers to intelligence warnings of further attacks and expresses the fear that if Osama bin Laden were killed, "the UK alongside the US will be a target for vengeance".
It said the fact that Britain was a close ally of the US and that British troops were involved in the military action in Afghanistan and in seeking out Bin Laden made Britain potentially more vulnerable: "Whether he is killed or not Bin Laden's allies need urgently to re-establish their capability and intent in order to make up the ground they have lost since September 11: they will seek to do this through terrorist attacks.
Al-Qaida supporters in Britain had played a role in four terrorist attacks foiled by police, the document disclosed.
But it warns that efforts to deal with terrorists in Britain beyond these arrests had been "ineffective". "There remain in the UK a number of foreign nationals who are suspected of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of international terrorism." Security measures had been ineffective because the suspects arrested were released when the crown offered no evidence, or the suspects had chosen to leave Britain but continued to pose a threat, or because under human rights law they they could not be deported to countries where they might be ill-treated.
The document says that the four terrorist attacks foiled by police and intelligence work were to have been carried out by "overlapping networks closely linked to al-Qaida".
7 In December 1999 a group of individuals in Jordan planned to attack a series of targets there frequented by American and Israeli tourists.
7 In the same month, Ahmed Ressam was stopped on the border between Canada and the US with a large quantity of explosive. He intended to attack Los Angeles airport.
7 In December 2000 a group in Frankfurt was arrested in possession of arms, chemicals and homemade explosive.
7 In September 2001 individuals in a number of European countries, including Britain, were arrested as they were preparing an attack against US interests in Paris.
The document notes: "Activity in the UK formed essential building blocks for each of these frustrated attacks."
ONDON: Britain's top judge said on Wednesday that some sex offenders who pose a threat to public safety might have to be incarcerated, even if they have not committed a crime.
Civil liberties groups condemned the suggestion, and the government said it was not considering such a plan.
"It may well be, and this is a matter of very great sensitivity, that we have got to think, for those who are persistent offenders, of having some form of protective custody," Lord Woolf, the Lord Chief Justice, told British Broadcasting Corp radio.
"There may be a form of civil detention without having to prove a person has committed an actual crime," he added,
"If they have committed the crime ... in some cases, in all cases, that's too late."
Britain has been shocked by murder of 8-year-old Sarah Payne, who was abducted and murdered as she played in a field near her grandparents' home in July 2000. Roy Whiting, convicted December 12 of murdering her, had a previous conviction for the kidnap and indecent assault of a 9-year-old girl.
Whiting served just over half his four-year sentence for that crime, and refused a prison program designed to rehabilitate sex offenders.
Woolf conceded that protective custody would be a huge infringement on the individual's rights.

@_date: 2001-12-27 23:38:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Salvador lynneCheney 
Scientists Uncover Bones Buried Under El Salvador's Police Headquarters
The Associated Press
Published: Dec 27, 2001
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (AP) - Scientists digging beneath the police department's national headquarters Wednesday discovered bones that human rights activists said belonged to people killed by state authorities during this country's 12-year civil war.
Skulls and dozens of other bones believed to be human were unearthed in two secret graves buried 6 feet below San Salvador's police plaza by a team of excavators hired by this country's independent Human Rights Commission.
The headquarters once housed the military-dominated national police force, which played a key role in the state's battle against leftist guerrillas during a war that killed 75,000 Salvadorans.
As part of the 1992 peace accords that ended the fighting, the existing police force was disbanded and replaced by the autonomous National Civil Police, which now occupies the headquarters.
"We have to determine, first of all, if these bones are human, then determine how long they have been here," said police spokesman Howard Coto.
But Human Rights Commission director Miguel Montenegro said he had no doubt that testing would confirm that the remains were human.
The graves prove that Salvadoran authorities tortured and killed dozens of "political prisoners" who were hauled into custody for interrogation at the height of the civil war and haven't been heard from since, Montenegro said.
"We have on record a series of cases where, in these headquarters, many people were tortured and disappeared," he said.
According to Montenegro's commission, at least 2,700 Salvadorans vanished after being arrested during the civil war.
SOA terrorists involved?
Im reading a book called "Instant of Treason"about the Sorge spy ring.The Tokyo police station seems to have seen a few murders.Treason trials in Malaysia and Russia bring back memories of writing as Dr Rat for a small samizdat called Treason,20 odd years back.I sold one to Laurie Oakes once! I digress.
Cheney and His Wife Make Over Vice Presidential Residence in Western Style
By Scott Lindlaw Associated Press Writer
Published: Dec 27, 2001
WASHINGTON (AP) - He doesn't spend much time there, but Dick Cheney has one of the finest homes in Washington - a newly renovated 33-room mansion with an indoor gym, seven fireplaces and art borrowed from some of the nation's most prestigious collections.
The government-owned residence "doesn't have an institutional feel about it," said Lynne Cheney, the vice president's wife. "It's still very warm. At the same time I think it has a lot of dignity."
Mrs. Cheney led a pair of Associated Press reporters on a recent tour.
Sitting on grassy hillside inside a 12-acre compound, the vice president's mansion is a good fit for the Cheneys' western lifestyle. "When you grow up in the wide-open spaces you just don't like to feel crowded," said Mrs. Cheney, like her husband a Wyoming native. "You just kind of like the feel of your space."
The white brick Victorian, on the grounds of the U.S. Naval Observatory, was updated with a $363,000 renovation this year. The work included all new hardwood floors in most of the house, remodeling the seven fireplaces, new paint or wallpaper in every room, electrical updating and new carpeting.
The vice president spends many nights away from home.East coast arsonists please note.Kill the president.proffr1.

@_date: 2001-12-28 00:52:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Freedoms just another word for Tim the loser. 
>>for the sake of > argument lets call it "timmayism" is really in favor of individual > freedom (Tim, if you are not a libertarian, which is what I believe > you to be, given your writtings, please correct me)
 >> Yeah, I favor freedom and free markets. Obviously. <<
The wizard of crypto-anarchy must have thought no real anarchists would ever turn up and Toto would pull away his screen.The first 3 entries for freedom with Google...
The Freedom Forum, based in Arlington, Va., is a nonpartisan foundation dedicated to free press, free speech and free spirit for all people. The foundation focuses on three main priorities: the Newseum, First Amendment issues and newsroom diversity.
The Freedom Forum funds two independent affiliates  the Newseum, the interactive museum of news in Arlington; and the First Amendment Center, with offices at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tenn., and in Arlington.
The Freedom Forum was established in 1991 under the direction of Founder Allen H. Neuharth as successor to a foundation started in 1935 by newspaper publisher Frank E. Gannett. The Freedom Forum is not affiliated with Gannett Co., does not solicit or accept financial contributions, and does not accept unsolicited funding requests. Its work is supported by income from an endowment of diversified assets.
Jim Lehrer receives Al Neuharth journalism award.(cool,we get his show here and the civil war series screened this year.
Groundbreaking also launches renovation of University of South Dakota telecommunications building.  10.12.01
Browse recent news
Page last updated: 12/26/2001 7:00:37 PM
  Freedom House is a clear voice for democracy and freedom around the world. Founded nearly sixty years ago by Eleanor Roosevelt, Wendell Willkie, and other Americans concerned with the mounting threats to peace and democracy, Freedom House has been a vigorous proponent of democratic values and a steadfast opponent of dictatorships of the far left and the far right.
Non-partisan and broad-based, Freedom ...etc
 you need to protect yourself online!
Freedom Security & Privacy Suite is the most complete and comprehensive suite of tools to secure your PC and protect your privacy on the Internet. Featuring Freedom Personal Firewall and Parental Control, it also blocks ads, safeguards your personal information, encrypts your passwords, and much more...
I wonder if the wiz has ever heard of long running anarchist paper "Freedom"?

@_date: 2001-12-28 01:01:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Marketing crypto-anarchy with Tim May BS. 
>> Yeah, I favor freedom and free markets. Obviously. <<
Google free markets...
FreeMarkets is the leading global provider of e-sourcing software
and service solutions. By helping companies dramatically
improve their sourcing process and win new business, we are
changing the way business is done around the world.
China's Vegetable Markets: From Farmer to Consumer
China's Free Markets (Farmers' Markets). (A Photo
Tour). by. Ditty Deamer. ) 1998 D. Deamer. ...
 - 4k - Cached - Similar pages
Chomsky: The Passion for Free Markets
 From the pages of Z Magazine. The Passion for Free Markets. Exporting
American values through the new World Trade Organization. ...
Description: Noam Chomsky introduces the WTO, and the drive to export
American values through it.
Category: Society > Issues > Economic > International > Trade > World Trade
 - 64k - Cached - Similar pages
Dont go there girlfriend! Shit! They must change every fucking day or
something!Where the fucks Timmie's hard boiled but non libertarian party
free market and freedom philosophy? Up his ass?

@_date: 2001-12-28 01:25:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: ..."cypherpunky cryptobabble libertopians should take note"... 
The subject line above was immediately taken as an insult by Tim and Declan!
They mustn't get out much
,Ive called them much worse yet they've managed to both adroitly put a little space between themselves and "libertarianism".Not enough to save them but enough to demonstrate clearly their cowardice and fear of debate.Maybe it was the 'cryptobabble' appellation that dogged their cats.
Seth on declan,later,
 >>"Everybody goes by what he posts, the politically correct (for here)
liberpunk anarcrypt cyberbilge. Not what he *does*. It's utterly unreal." <<
It sure is mate and Ill not stop reminding him.
Declan's a phony cypherpunk,,journalist and especially "libertarian."Just another bottom feeding hack with artistic pretensions.The company he keeps stink to high hell.
Seth on May;
 >>you *do*
have "lots of guns and money". Why aren't you also giving him a pass for
restating what are presumably your own true statements? As far as being
"a dangerous person", well, that depends who one thinks is your target. <<
This got seth blacklisted in silicon valley by crypto-fascist May.Tailgunner,roy Cohn,May.He does shoot himself in the foot a lot.I hope Tims as big on Hemingway as he is on guns.He may even trip reaching for the trash basket and ram his head into a sharp corner of hardwood/plastic furniture.Tims last lost highway.Lately his targets have been jews(an oldie)black blocers,everyone in DC,gays,wimmin,nigaz,the usual Nazi suspects.Lets face it,the guys a fascist creep.Godwins or not he comes here spouting bill white,Pravda (!) corespondent.The two have a lot in common.Anyone with an interest in the lunar right can run some name searches on bill.He used to call himself an anarchist as well.
Tims smart enough to sense the real oceans of anarchism he's all at sea with,I wonder if he see's the blood in his waters? The red-brown chum he and his fist mate billy are ladleling? Keep it up Timmy.You'll get what's coming to you.

@_date: 2001-12-28 02:30:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: APster lead poisoning; law west of the Pecos. 
APster as justice by consensus and libertarian Laura Norda.(DF stands for dangerous fiend and david Friedman)
 >>DF also gives the example of Saga period Iceland (going back 1000 years or more) as a model for government and law enforcement today. This is ludicrous. There are more recent (and close to home) examples of societies in the history of the American West that had no government expenditure on law enforcement, with high levels of rights and property rights protection. However, the vigilante justice of the period did not follow due process and was extremely harsh (immediate death upon apprehension for alleged theft). Few people would trade our expensive modern criminal justice system for the fiscally cheap vigilante justice systems of the pre-government American west<<
 From Unless they have no choice? The pieces are falling into place.The price of liberty is eternal vigilantism.
 >>Ironically, DF says he would accept (as a compromise) a tax on unproduced resources like land. Until now he has been arguing that taxation equals theft and that the government does not have the right to tax. Now he is willing to accept billions of dollars of property tax. What happened to the righteous indignation against government and taxation? If DF really believes taxation is the moral equivalent of violent theft via men with guns, then no amount would be OK. How is it possible for a libertarian to morally justify accepting this theft but not others? <<
Declan was on here recently bleating about this,maybe he,or davy's mate,Timmy can help us out here?They have exhibited the morality of a shithouse rat so far.
 >>It is also ironic that DF chooses to live in a city and a state with relatively high property tax, sales tax, income tax and extensive local government services and regulations. If he were really convinced that taxation is the moral equivalent of violent theft via men with guns, then why doesn't he take some very simple precautionary steps to avoid it and move to a city and state with less taxes and regulation? <<
Movin' to Montana soon? Tammy lives in Cali too,shurley some mishtake! (Anarchy week in SF is huge.Real Anarchy.)
 >>mhuben,fucking stateist.>>Communism under Stalin was inefficient for most of the USSR, but it worked fabulously for Stalin, so it was already pareto efficient. To recommend that they should have adopted Libertarianism, you need more than economics. You need a moral philosophy that justifies redistributing property and rights from Stalin to the people of the USSR. <<
Umm,thats easy,anarchism.If huben says a representative democratic state,Ill APster the SOB.ASAP.Tim and davy friedfish's silence is deafening.(unless you count timmies quoting Pravda:The tim may-bill white  >>. Libertarians have a hard time defining "initiation of force" which they consider unjust, and separating it from justified force. I personally think a superior moral philosophy would attempt to minimize total force over the long term rather than try to determine who initiated force and put the total blame on them. Does anyone really care who *initiated* WW1? This libertarian preoccupation with the initiation of force is similar to the moral philosophy of fighting children who always yell, "He started it" at the other kid. <<
I hope this helps one answer to my "hilary health" post.APster should minimize total force quite nicely.We should all be out there selling it like soupy sales.(psst kids,take some money from moms purse or dads wallet and send it to...)

@_date: 2001-12-28 03:27:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May,you do a disservice to crypto and our group,go die. 
>You do a disservice to crypto and our group by implying, even in a
backhanded way, that Bell's "AP" system was or is in any way feasible.
Where's the true untraceable cash needed?
Please explain.
--Tim May
 >In 1995 the U.S. Secret Service reported less than one percent of seized counterfeit bills were created using a home computer. Last year, 47 percent of seized bills were produced with a computer and printer. and...Who needs untraceable anonymity when throwaway pseudonymous accounts
should suffice? and...untraceable digital cash is not
strictly needed.Merely enough trustworthy
netizens to promise to send their pledge to the 'predictor' who remains
anonymous.Do you take payment in kind? Strangers on a train? The hawala system for APster.
Security for pledgers who default? The remailers will be bigger than SETI but Howie and Chaum light the way.
 >>A few ideas to get the ball rolling:
Active privacy protection:
Collect the information a zealous G-man or Gestapo craves - (AP police? pr.)
fingerprints, DNA, dossier, phone logs, etc., but encrypt
un traceably divide it through remailers in locations chosen
randomly by input from me and those collecting it. As long
as I keep regularly anonymously authenticating myself, the
pieces can neither be located to destroy or compromise them,
or reunited. If my transmissions stop for some period, say
because I blew myself up in a suicide attack, the different
providers send their pieces to the authorities and the game
is up. I can assign a digital Power of Attorney or
inheritance for others to maintain my privacy when I can't,
but, if a grand jury investigating the plane I hijacked
publicly and legally indicts or subpoenas me (or the alias
under which I bought my plane ticket), they can broadcast a
code that retrieves some or all the data. However their
actual locations are unknown: if I set it up that way,
after some interval they also send it to my lawyer, a
selection of newspapers, etc.
Un-audit able taps:
Record full taps of all telephone and email conversations.
Encrypt with multiple keys and/or divide the bits and store
with redundancy and active privacy protection in multiple
locations through remailers, as before. The conversation
may only continue while the recording is anonymously proven
to be occurring. During the statutory storage period, the
providers anonymously check one another, and regenerate in a
new randomly chosen location if one provider disappears. On
the statutory expiration date, all the pieces do.
Watchdog timer:
Like the processor in a control system, the computers of a
jet require regular interaction with their assigned,
authenticated, and conscious pilot. Otherwise they announce
his incapacity to the world, and hand themselves over to
remote control from an authenticated ground controller.
(Not necessarily blinded, but included because topical.)
Also, I have a few more related older ideas on my website
Good luck!
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2001-12-28 05:17:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Swindlers List. 
Time to fire up the ovens and
 > send them to the showers.)
 >
 > --Tim May
(weasl) Praise the lord, and pass the Zyklon-B!
Sieg HEIL! The cypherpunk chat room is open for business.Tim Mugabe May and JA Terrasonovabitch measl.Enjoy!
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) - A college sophomore was charged Wednesday with the rape and torture of a 15-year-old girl who had swastikas carved into her face with a knife.
Police allege Brian Dance, 20, a University of California, Irvine student, met the girl in an Internet chat room and picked her up Dec. 20 at a mall.
Police said he took her to a parking lot, forced her into the back seat of his car, covered her eyes with duct tape and beat her for more than two hours with his hands and a belt.
The girl was sexually assaulted, robbed and had swastikas etched on her cheek and forehead with a knife, police said. She was treated and released from a hospital the next day.
A friend of the victim helped police nab Dance after contacting him through the chat room. She arranged to meet him at the same mall and he was arrested Sunday.
Dance could face 90 years to life if convicted of all the charges, which include rape by a foreign object, robbery and torture.
Dance's father, Larry Dance, said the family was stunned by the allegations.
Dance is to be arraigned Jan. 8 and has been denied bail
Guy sounds like a regular fun loving anarcho-capitalist to me.He's probably researching a book.Mein crypto Kampf.
pontificate to cops about whether
someone like me plans to do something. He chose to cooperate with the
Feds and speculated freely on what he thought I would do.
He's a rodent.

@_date: 2001-12-28 11:44:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Report from DUNY on the CHAUM monopoly. 
>>So, in 1990, he launched DigiCash b.v., a subsidiary of the US company DigiCash Inc., with his own capital and a contract from the Dutch government to build and test technology to support anonymous toll payments on highways. Chaum developed a prototype by which smart cards holding a certain amount of verified cash value could be slipped into a gadget affixed to the windshield, and high-speed scanning devices would subtract the tolls as the cars whizzed by. The cards could also be used to pay for public transportation and eventually other items. Of course, the payments would be anonymous. After completing that contract (the system has not yet been implemented), << Know then...
Transfield-Obayashi operates a system like this in Melbourne,au.Ratlines of diverted traffic instantly sprung up.Motorcycles go through the system of segmented superhighways and tunnels free,as no way could be found to attach the 'gadget'.No cards are used though they are in the train and tram system.Anarchists and old ladies have been blamed by the privatized mass transport companies for a steep decline in revenues since conductors were made redundant.Many ticket machines are inoperable for various.) reasons.Stillsuits are essential and planetary ecologist Keynes tells me that the last 9 out of 10 years were hottest on record.Over harvesting and Harkkkonen activity are adding to a dangerous build up of Co2 that threatens the very existence of the spice.The worms the Harkkkonen are attempting to breed are so far producing only the most distilled poison.Fremen on the planet are waging guerrilla war and are being vigorously suppressed by the rabid beast,Abbott,using scorched earth tactics.The Pareto Emperors call for complete genocide were almost totally successful in the deep south.
The fremen are said to have an undisclosed weapon and are being led by someone called muad Dip.More Sardauker legions may be required to eliminate these rebels who also seem to be drawing on house Anerres remnants.Also notify choate Prime that more hunter-seekers are needed.Keep this message encrypted from the Lensraad.OVER.

@_date: 2001-12-28 14:05:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Crypto Cock rings for a circle of eunuches. 
Due to the unfortunate legal position you may find yrself in should you not stop when requested to do so during coitus,
Proffr promotions is pleased to announce exploding cockring control.A plastic rubber compound slips onto the base
of the penis,with a hair trigger explosive directed charge you better climb off before you get blown off.
Proffr is also franchising Hooters and Buda-Bing strip clubs down under.Anarcho-capitalism Rulez!
jya>>Beheading the centers of information warfare would be the end of Western culture.<<
What did Ghandi say about Western culture? That it sounded like a good idea? If you want to psychologically adjust read some green anarchy/primitivist stuff."For the end of civilization"
On this day or thereabouts...1763 -- A troop of 50 armed men enter the at Lancaster, Pennsylvania, & hatchet to death the only
14 surviving Conestoga Indians (the rest of the tribe
having been similarly dispensed with 13 days ago).
Having finished their work, the troop, in the
words of Benjamin Franklin, "huzzahed in
triumph as if it had gained a victory, & rode
off unmolested."

@_date: 2001-12-28 14:47:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Our friends from SIMULACRON 3 
What about Simulacron 3?
I haven't read this book but am concerned about the fact that it's being given credit for inventing cyberspace. What about Simulacron 3 by Daniel F. Galouye? It was written in 1964 and is all about that virtual world we call "cyberspace." (Simulacron 3 is no longer in print and is difficult to find but it's worth the read).
Enders Game is a very harsh and brash book. It shows the journey of one child from being a sheepish little schoolboy that is tormented by his sadistic brother and pampered by his caring sister, to becoming a ruthless soldier that is focused on ridding the universe of the buggers (An insectoid alien race controlled by a hive mind). This book will leave you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. (would also make an excellent movie).Xenocide.
The Assassination Bureau (1968)
Synopsis: A caper comedy, inspired by the book "The Assassination Bureau Limited," co-written by adventure novelist, Jack London. Oliver Reed plays Ivan Dragomiloff, the head of an organization, started by his late father, which assassinates political figures, on assignment. When Miss Winter, an intrepid, liberal, female reporter offers him the challenge of assigning his own execution, Ivan sees it as a golden opportunity to find out just how competent his international staff really is, and accepts. A mad chase throughout Europe is the result, with Miss Winter following Ivan's every move.(Miss Winter,very strict.)
Cities of the red night; The paradox of a post-modern classic...
If someone didn't know better, _Cities of the Red Night_ might come across as a simplistic homosexual pornographic pulp space-opera, Mappelthorpe meets Edgar Rice Burroughs. The interwoven plot lines (homosexual pirate communes? a psychic private detective? an invading radioactive mutant virus?) come across as emotionally distant and vacuous, borrowed from pulp novels and used as a simple excuse for episodes of vivid sci-fi imagery and descriptions of boys with erections. While interesting, they don't seem to be the work of genius touted on the front cover.
In the end, however, this book is hopeful and passionate, complex and absolutely unique. Burroughs is trying to both conjure up the conditions for a perfect utopia, a world free of all interference and control, as well as give a mythic explanation for the horrifying state of existence. Burroughs is trying to save us, explain us, destroy us, free us. This isn't apparent until after the plots have crashed together and shattered apart in an end which has absolutely nothing to do with what has come before, while also explaining everything...

@_date: 2001-12-28 16:01:43
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CommieSymp jamesd Alert.Code RED. 
Real anarchists found at  this was from a link at    found jamesd is a commiesymp.pass it on.( My review of Abel Paz's book."Durrutti,the people armed" is up at Amazon.j.)
"Anarchy, USA 1966 This documentary presents the civil rights movement as a part of the communist plan for world domination. "God why didn't we go with cyber-liberty? Why? Why? Why?

@_date: 2001-12-28 16:23:06
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Condensed matter physics and BUM 
Wealth distribution is a law of nature
submitted by: Institute for Social Inventions
Summarised from an article by Mark Buchanan, entitled 'That's The Way Money
Goes', in New Scientist (August 19th 2000; New Scientist subs  or $140,
tel 44 [0] 1622 778000).
Jean-Philippe Bouchaud and Marc Mezard, two French econophysicists, believe
that wealth falling into the hands of a minority is not just a fact of
life, but a law of nature. They have discovered a connection between the
physics of materials and the movements of money, a link that could
revolutionise the way we think about the distribution of wealth in society.
It could also provide a mathematical basis to theories of free trade and
competition.(cont at URL above)
I hope they're close by to study the day my BUM went psycho.(Barter Units
of Money.Im 9k an hour btw.)
Breaking news...BUMble Bee...handicap leader of Sydney to Hobart...missed
throwing larry into twister...Over...

@_date: 2001-12-28 16:44:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The mattblog that ate Cypherpunks 
A novel metaphor called Scopeware, software that automatically arranges
your computer files in chronological order and displays them on your
monitor with the most recent files featured prominently in the foreground.
Scopeware is far more sweeping than a simple rearrangement of icons,
however: in effect, it transfers the role of file clerk from you to the
computer, seamlessly ordering documents of all sorts into convenient,
time-stamped files.
If you have ever forgotten what you named a file or which folder you put it
in, you probably will agree that it's time for a change. The desktop
metaphor is decades old, arising from early-1970s work at Xerox's fabled
Palo Alto Research Center, and was never intended to address today's
computing needs. Indeed, the product that brought the metaphor to
mass-market attention was Apple Computer's 1984 Macintosh; it had no
built-in hard drive, and its floppy disks each stored only 400 kilobytes of
information. Today we're using the same metaphor to manage the countless
files on our ever more capacious hard drives, as well as to access the
virtually limitless information on the Web. The result? Big, messy
hierarchies of folders. Favorites lists where you never find anything
again. Pull-down menus too long to make sense of.
In other words, the desktop metaphor puts the onus on our brains to juggle
this expanding collection of files, folders and lists. Yet "our neurons do
not fire faster, our memory doesn't increase in capacity and we do not
learn to think faster as time progresses," notes Bill Buxton, chief
scientist of Alias/Wavefront, a leading maker of graphic-design tools.
Buxton argues that without better tools to exploit the immense processing
power of today's computers, that power is not much good to us.
That's why many researchersat universities and startups like Gelernter's
Mirror Worlds as well as giants like Microsoft and IBMare searching for
alternatives. They're examining metaphors taken from other media, such as
books or diaries or film; 3-D schemes that use our sense of spatial
orientation to create the illusion of depth on-screen, so that documents
look closer or farther away depending on their importance to us;
alternatives that borrow from video games the notion of having an
intelligent guide, or avatar, to help us find what we're looking for; or
even theories that radically change the notion of what a "computer" is, so
that we no longer think of devices as computers at all and are therefore
open to new ways of interacting with them.
"The desktop metaphor made assumptions about how we use computers that just
aren't true anymore," asserts Don Norman, cofounder of the Nielsen Norman
Group, famed critic of computer design and author of The Design of Everyday
Things. "It's time to throw away the old model."
Learning Esperanto
Cont at

@_date: 2001-12-28 17:11:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May;Crypto-Fascist,Arabist and Commiesymp.(Quotes Pravda.). 
May,the famous crypto-fascist,(leftists AND rightists agree on that)
pontificates about "Ontology".More obscurantist nonsense from the CIA
agent,you have,when your not having CIA agents?Who evers got the jackboot
on he will lick it.
Ontological Arguments
... A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R |
S | T |
U | V | W | X | Y | Z Ontological Arguments. ... History of Ontological
Arguments. ...
Description: Ontological arguments are arguments, for the conclusion that
God exists, from premises which are...
Category: Society > Philosophy > Philosophy of Religion
plato.stanford.edu/entries/ontological-arguments/ - 29k - Cached - Similar
The West Vs Islam? or Monotheism Vs sanity? May will muddy the water,dont
worry.He likes..
Hakim Bey and Ontological Anarchy
The Writings of Hakim Bey. ... Writings as Peter Lamborn
Wilson. Media Creed For The Fin De Siecle; ...
Description: Numerous works of Bey and PL Wilson, plus biographical
Category: Society > Religion and Spirituality > ... > Personalities > Hakim
 - 6k - Cached - Similar pages
Picked up some real BS here.For an antidote read Zerzan on Bey
at.  This is great resource for real crypto-anarchists,Tim may spit chips if you
quote from this...
The Social Ideology of the Motorcar
Andri Gorz
The worst thing about cars is that they are like castles or villas by the
sea: luxury goods invented for the exclusive pleasure of a very rich
minority, and which in conception and nature were never intended for the
people. Unlike the vacuum cleaner, the radio, or the bicycle, which retain
their use value when everyone has one, the car, like a villa by the sea, is
only desirable and useful insofar as the masses don't have one. That is how
in both conception and original purpose the car is a luxury good. And the
essence of luxury is that it cannot be democratized. If everyone can have
luxury, no one gets any advantages from it. On the contrary, everyone
diddles, cheats, and frustrates everyone else, and is diddled, cheated, and
frustrated in return.(Cont)

@_date: 2001-12-28 22:10:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fear and Trembling. 
>Targets for centers of these exports are not hard to
 >identify,
After the WTC, the only truly theatrically worth it
encore I can think of is a stinger at the space shuttle.
This would not trepan the serpent but would
kick the angst up a notch.
Then again, there's always Utah...<<
Talk about a target rich environment! They tip their hand by pulling the juiciest targets off the web.(To late!)
Nuclear targets available on Blacknet,freenet and all the wildnets.
The way to retreat to win is cut the shebang down the middle or break it into 5 regions ala TM.Wisdom of Insecurity.Decentralised minarchist govt as described in AP essay.and... Assassination Politics.
"Armoring" the shell with Vartherland Defense and letting paranoid police/stormtroopers run riot is bringing on chaos and catastrophic collapse.
Lets all stop kidding ourselves.The last empires going down and the best things to give it a nudge.Start mapping the busiest nodes of US Imperialist power.Cheney and Armitage,creatures like that,that are heavily networked.In culture you could wack out the scientologists,the fallwels and limbaughs,all those Haven fucken' Hamiltons.Dont be shy about their secondaries either.They cant operate without support.List the pricks,start with a few dead ones like JEHoover and so on then get set to start crossing off the new names.All federal employees got fair warning.They are legitimate targets.
A nuremburg website for all the latter day goebbal's,speer's,goering's,hess's,canaris's,Krupp's,liefenstahl's,eichmann's,etc.All crap corporate media heads.Yeah!
CRyptome can do it.With all the mirrors now,your *safe.*There's no way in hell this arbusto e neumann presidents going to last out his term.Its true its not just the state,we all seem to agree,here on the evils of the state but it IS time the other authoritarian hierarchies got equal time.Time to die.We're all on a runaway train so its time for Rankin to make his move.
Y'Hear me Rankin! COME ON DOWN!

@_date: 2001-12-29 17:21:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Kidnap jerk and lift. 
ransom demand for student
By ELISSA HUNT, Magistrates' Court reporter
A WEIGHTLIFTER helped snatch a student from his home in a $1.5 million kidnapping plot, a court has heard.
Robert Fernandez, 25, is accused of grabbing the 21-year-old from his suburban driveway on March 3 this year.
A 10-month investigation by the tactical response squad has seen several men charged with kidnapping the student and holding him hostage for 15 days, in a bid to get $1.5 million in ransom from his widowed mother.
Sen-Det Phil Gynther told Melbourne Magistrates' Court phone conversations indicated Mr Fernandez was employed to assault a Cranbourne accountant by breaking his legs in August 1999.
The former bouncer was asked by another man to "sort out" a person who owed him $130,000, the court heard.
Sen-Det Gynther said the kidnapping victim described one of his attackers as a big man with a ponytail.
He was later taken to a weightlifting competition in St Kilda where he identified Mr Fernandez, who was a competitor. The student was shocked with an electrical device and bundled into a car by several men on March 3.
The court heard he was hooded, bound with cable ties and left in a garage before being moved to a house, where he was held for a week.
He was later moved from motel to motel by his kidnappers, who brought him takeaway food. The abductors made about 37 ransom demands of the student's family, first asking for $1.5 million but later dropping their price to Police freed the student after 15 days.
Businessman Alex Yang Su, 33, and Shaun Goerlitz, 29, are in custody over the kidnapping. Sen-Det Gynther said he feared Mr Fernandez, an architectural draughtsman, would try to flee the country.
Sen-Det Gynther said evidence indicated Mr Fernandez's role was as part of the snatch team and he did not take part in the ransom demands. Defence lawyer Steven Pica said his client had no prior convictions and needed to be able to continue working.
Magistrate Barbara Cotterell refused bail and remanded Mr Fernandez in custody to appear at the same court on March 25.
Wonder if the curt Saxon of corralitos has any close relatives in the compound?

@_date: 2001-12-29 18:26:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Western Culture,  
Brilliant post jya,Kudo's,props,major props(wtf are they,anyway?) A
cypherpunk first among sequals.I salute you.
The following is an extract on the pitfalls of  paternalistic western
racist culture and how the united snakes is going down slow.(Rome wasn't
burned in a day.)
well documented. Britain, speaking through Viceroy of India Mountbatten,
made a fine proclamation in 1947 : the rulers of princely states should
decide about accession to India or Pakistan keeping in mind the
geographical situation of their states, ethnic composition of the
population and wishes of the people. People on both sides of the religious
divide welcomed this principle joyfully and were counting on it in deciding
where to live. Then, unexpectedly, at the intervention of Jawahar Lal Nehru
(a Kashmiri pandit and a paramour of Lady Mountbatten!) Britain reversed
her decision in a matter of 3 days in August 1947, and divided up the
Punjab state by giving several Muslim majority districts to India. This
violation gave India a border with Kashmir, an invasion route into it, and
caused about half a million deaths and 16 million refugees as people
scrambled to get onto the right side of the changed border. [1]
Kashmir was booby-trapped by the British in 1846, not 1946, in the Treaty
of Amritsar wherein England ceded this 80% Muslim land to a Hindu dynasty.
Previously, the Moguls were rulers over northern India, so that a Muslim
ruler often had Hindu subjects. In 1947, only three out of 562 princes who
were of a different religion from their subjects were reluctant to accede
to the nation their people desired. Two were Hindu states with Muslim
princes, which India simply invaded and annexed with British consent. In
the case of Muslim Kashmir, on the contrary, or should we say consistently
with millennial Western anti-Muslim policy, Britain and India plotted an
intrigue to absorb this gem and important water source into India.[2]
60,000 Muslims had returned home to Kashmir after distinguished fighting
for Britain against the Germans. In gratitude, they were banned from the
Kashmiri Army, which was manned instead with Hindus and Sikhs imported from
India. In Summer 1947 the Hindu Maharajah of Kashmir started a provocative
campaign of oppression, banning pro-Pakistani newspapers, applying onerous
new taxes and burning down villages.
When the inevitable insurrection started, the Maharajah, Pandit Nehru, Lord
Mountbatten and Clement Attlee executed a rapid-fire, obviously prepared
charade to sanctify an Indian invasion. Nehru promised the world that the
attack had nothing to do with annexation, but only with maintaining law and
order. Mountbatten issued a pearl of neo-imperialistic hypocritical prose
which is worth study, to help recognize the genre as you unravel the
ceaseless spin in todays media:
As soon as law and order have been restored in Kashmir and her soil
cleared of the invader, the question of the State's accession should be
settled by a reference to the people. Meanwhile action has been taken today
to send troops of the Indian Army to Kashmir.[3]
See the pattern? A high ideal is couched in terms of the impossible
fulfillment - law and order could never be restored once the Indian
invasion started, and the so-called invaders to be cleared of the soil were
the sons and tillers of that very soil! Simultaneously, with words shouting
louder than a revivalist preacher, acts and facts hit the ground. Britain
invaded Kashmir with Indian troops. And for fifty-four years she picks her
royal nose and looks on like it was none of her affair!
The same sick warp pervades the UN and international opinion fora. Reuters
baldly datelines stories from Srinagar, India in the revolt-racked
Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir - even though India needs 700,000 troops
to hold onto these Muslim provinces, which Nehru promised never to annex
when he and his cuckold buddy Mountbatten invaded them.
What look like olive leaves on the UN seal really come from a fig tree. UN
resolution  from 1948 calls for Pakistan to remove irregular
guerrillas BEFORE India removes its regular army - although Kashmir is
Pakistani by British and International rules, and the irregulars may or may
not be from outside Kashmir: they are just a convenient red herring. Such
conscience-numbing mumbo-jumbo resolutions are merely a guarantee of
eternal military occupation, a license for progressive ethnic cleansing and
eventual complete absorption by non-Muslim invaders.
Sound like the broken record we all know from Palestine? Until Arafat keeps
all kids indoors, Israel may continue to occupy, annex, oppress and make
refugees of the Muslim majority. Britains comment on it: What, me, worry?
Our American colonies will see the wogs off the property.
Britain is only playing dead. She remains the all-time master of propaganda
warfare (remember the Belgian kids with their hands cut off by the Germans
on the phony posters that helped get US into WWI?) It is well within her
means either to take direct military action, as she did in the Falklands,
or to mobilize a military and diplomatic coalition to set matters to rights
in two countries she ruined, Palestine and Kashmir. The will is lacking. Why?
Hmm. The West singled out the Muslim world long ago as Enemy Number One,
and has made this a self-fulfilling prophecy. There are many aspects to
this. In the Western subconscious, there is the memory of the Crusades and
the defeat by Saladin. Further back, Christianity has a guilty conscience:
it swapped monotheistic purity for power and pagan lore, only to be crushed
by the fall of Rome, and eclipsed by the glory of Islamic faith, culture
and science for centuries. It was a millennium later that a materialist -
fundamentalist Europe picked itself up on arms and technology and avenged
itself on the planet.
The Islamic axis, extending from Morocco to Indonesia, lay athwart the
playground of world empire, blocking the Suez and Central Asian passages to
India. In 1840, when Britain fought a war to force Chinamen to remain
impassive consumers of Indian opium from British ships, she also eliminated
the upstart Ahmed Pasha in Egypt, who had dared to industrialize and start
the process of Arab unity by joining with Syria. Then the Afghans could not
be subdued, the Sudanese dervishes broke the British square, and Muslims
often revealed a dangerous immunity to Western consumerism.
Something scary about these Mohamedans. Enough to bury the hatchet with any
enemy that goes in with us against them. Start by giving those shiftless
Jews Palestine and some useful work to do by splitting the Muslim world in
half: even though it took half of the 19th century for Britains skunk
works to interest the Jews in the scheme - and about half a minute to get
the world to forget who dreamed up the fatal idea! Give Vladimir Putsch -
in a hand with genocide in Chechnya and a seat in NATO as an ally against
Islam. Why not, we have an infallible precedent from the 13th century, when
the Pope called Genghiz Khan brother for his services in bathing Muslim
Asia in babies blood.
Mah fellow fundamentalists, know today that Whoever is not with McWorld is
against it. Indifference will not be tolerated, certainly not from a
religion of peace!
The US-UK policy has been largely successful. Muslim nations remain
bitterly divided. They cant even manufacture their own weapons, by Jove.
Aside from a few hysterically unstable regimes (neat label, that R-word),
plutocratic neo-imperialism is the rule: you know, old boy, sort of
mercantilist remote control, with some of your local figurehead Oreos on
the take.
Yes, the West is a thundering success by its own measures - but humanity
will be a failure if those measures become universal. That is the only
reason to hope: this can not be Gods plan, or Darwins, whomever you
believe in.
Meanwhile, though, the massed mammon worshippers have been rewarded by
their deity with all the appearances of a comfortably superior position.
After detailing the tale of Britains responsibility, one Pakistani writer
only musters the courage to modestly propose:
To rid the 1200 million humanity (India and Pakistan) of its miseries
caused by a wrong act of British Indian Government, Britain should now use
her influence in the world and in the Common Wealth, and support/launch
initiatives in a meaningful manner for seeking a just solution of the
Kashmir problem.[4]
But Britain is not about to do this when she can sit and smirk by the
hearth instead. Kashmiris, Palestinians and their representatives should
file complaints and suits against Britain in every possible world forum,
and at least wipe away that snide sneer for awhile.
Deviousness is no defense in criminal cases. On the contrary. Even in
England, mind you.
[1]. [2]. [3]. [4]. Mr. John-Paul Leonard is a free-lance writer and a regular contributor to
Media Monitors Network (MMN)
by courtesy & ) 2001 John-Paul Leonard
by the same author:
The Twice Promised Land
More in MMN 'Perspective' @

@_date: 2001-12-29 18:32:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Mushroom clouds over Cali. 
The curt saxon of carralitos tries to keep cypherpunks in the dark and fed on BS. Buffer the overflow slayer has been called in to stake the ugly mother.
News from the Farm Worker Movement(
For 14 years, workers at Picksweet Mushroom Farms in Ventura County
north of Los Angeles have tried to negotiate a United Farm Workers
contract. Picksweet has ignored its workers desires and violated a host of
state labor laws.
* A detailed nine-count complaint issued on June 26, 2001 by prosecutors
with California's Agricultural Labor Relations Board cited Picksweet for
bad faith bargaining and illegally conspiring to get rid of the union.
* Pictsweet was recently fined $7,475 by the Oregon Occupational Safety and
Health Division for safety violations at its Salem plant. One of them
caused Enrique Diaz Lupian, 46, to lose his right hand in an accident.
Other workers in both Oregon and California have been disciplined or fired
for supporting unions.
* On Sept. 4, 2001, the state of California filed another complaint against
Picksweet for firing Ventura, Calif. mushroom worker Fidel Andrade because
he exercised his right to organize and support the UFW.
Conditions at Picksweet in Ventura are cruel and dangerous. Mushroom
workers labor in dark and damp rooms. Floors are slippery. They only have
the lights on their helmets to guide them. Many suffer vision problems.
Such conduct is why workers have called for a boycott of Picksweet
mushrooms. Picksweet has lost many major customers, including Vons and
Safeway supermarkets, and Pizza Hut restaurants.
Picksweet workers ask consumers to help them ensure Vons and Safeway
continue to keep Picksweet mushrooms off their shelves until a union
contract with the Ventura, Calif. plant is signed.
Email Vons and Safeway today! Go to  and
send your e-mail today!
For more information on the Farm Worker Movement visit our web site at
 and/or subscribe to the Farm Worker Movement list serve
by sending an e-mail to UFW-subscribe at topica.com. To unsubscribe send an
e-mail to: UFW-unsubscribe at topica.com.
Scotland Yard probes A-tests
By CHRISTINE MIDDAP in London
SCOTLAND Yard has launched a criminal investigation into Britain's atomic bomb tests on Christmas Island off Australia's northwest coast in the 1950s.
The inquiry centres on claims from the widow of British RAF pilot Eric Denson that military chiefs ordered him to fly his plane through a mushroom cloud several times to collect radioactive samples for scientists in 1958.
More than 22,000 British servicemen were involved in, or witnessed, 21 atomic bomb tests in Australia, Christmas Island and other Pacific Islands between 1952 and 1958, according to a report in British newspaper The The police inquiry will look at whether it was legal for military chiefs to order Mr Denson to fly through the radioactive cloud.
His widow, Shirley, claims the British Government knowingly and maliciously exposed her husband to deadly levels of radiation, which ultimately led to his death.
Mr Denson, who developed chronic respiratory and psychological illnesses, committed suicide in 1976.
He told his father that as he battled to control the plane in the powerful mushroom cloud, the Tennyson lines: "Into the jaws of Death, into the mouth of Hell," kept going through his mind. Electrical fitter Ken Sutton, now dead, said in a statement that he took recordings from the radioactively "hot" plane the day after Mr Denson's flight.
He said in a statement that he was scared to death of the radiation: "You couldn't see it, you couldn't smell it, you couldn't touch it or anything, but you knew damn well it was a killer," he said.
Other servicemen have told of their horror at witnessing a nuclear explosion on Christmas Island.
Royal Engineers sapper Ken McGinley, then aged 20, said he and others were ordered to sit on a beach before the April 1958 explosion and jam their fists into their eyes.
But when he heard the blast he opened his eyes and saw the bones of his hands light up like an X-ray.
"The noise was deafening, like a thousand horses thundering towards you. The man next to me broke down and cried," he told The Guardian.
The servicemen were ordered not to reveal any information about the tests, but their resolve fractured by the 1980s when they started to develop illnesses and cancers believed to have been caused by the tests
The plutonium is in the post Tim.boil away.

@_date: 2001-12-29 18:40:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Ratbags with matches light a fire under the Bushes. 
"Every year we get some ratbags who get their kicks out of this. We can't be everywhere. People should be very careful and vigilant for people acting "We don't care if it's someone doing something legitimate -- let us investigate that."
Vehicle descriptions, registration numbers or descriptions of people acting suspiciously could be invaluable in arson investigations, Det-Insp Cooney said.
An arsonist was responsible for the deadly Dandenong Ranges blazes of 1997, which claimed three lives and destroyed 41 homes.
The killer has not been caught but Det-Insp Cooney said that crime might have been solved with the kind of scraps of information witnesses may have thought insignificant.
Firebugs start hundreds of blazes throughout the state each summer but charges are only laid over a small fraction.
 Former police jailed for perjury
 From AAP
TWO former NSW police officers have been jailed for lying over an
incident where a group of young men were forced to run a gauntlet of
police batons.
Christine Gay Fish, 36, was found guilty by a jury of one count of
perjury and John Gordon Swan, 52, of two counts in October after a
in the NSW District Court.
Today acting Judge Donald Stewart condemned the pair, saying that a
policeman or woman committing perjury "strikes at the very heart of
"If this is police culture, it's disgusting and wrong and the sooner
this message goes out the better," he said.
"Police should not be allowed to think perjury is a minor peccadillo."
Judge Stewart jailed Fish for 20 months, with a non-parole period of 12
Swan also was jailed for 20 months, with a non-parole period of 12
months, on each count to be served cumulatively.
The court was told the charges related to court appearances involving
one of a group of nine young men who in 1990 were forced to run a
gauntlet of batons at Kings Cross police station following "near riot"
at nearby Darlinghurst Road.
The incident emerged at the royal commission into police corruption.
Judge Stewart said the men were "severely assaulted in a cowardly and
reprehensible manner".
He said police executed "severe and summary punishment" against the men
for vengeance.
Swan and Fish then lied in court to protect their mates over the
Another officer involved in the incident, David John Langton, pleaded
guilty to perjury and assault charges.
He was sentenced last month to two years' jail on two perjury counts,
be served cumulatively.
THE ANTI-CORRUPTION Commission has revealed details of an investigation
into theft and drug dealing by a group of WA police officers.
The case is one of a number highlighted in the ACC's annual report,
released this week. It involved three detectives accused of stealing
about 1000 morphine tablets from a Kalgoorlie disabled pensioner in
and trying to sell the drugs.
The officers had heard about the stockpile of narcotics through an
informant and went to the pensioner's home.
"Searching the house, the officers found the narcotics, counted them,
took some and departed," the ACC report said.
When the pensioner reported the theft two constables went to his home
investigate. Soon after, two of the accused detectives arrived.
"They then took over, sent the constables away and kept the incomplete
offence report that one of the constables had begun preparing," the ACC
The ACC searched houses and businesses linked to the officers in
WA locations and found "unexplained sums of money, both in cash and
deposited in bank accounts . . . in the possession of the officers."
The ACC supplied an informant with $18,000 to buy the drugs from the
allegedly corrupt police officers, but the sting operation fell apart
when the informant stole most of the "buy" money. The informant was
charged and received a suspended jail sentence in October last year.
A brief was sent to the Director of Public Prosecutions, but no charges
have been laid against the officers. However, Police Commissioner Barry
Matthews decided to sack the detectives, saying he had lost confidence
in them. Police Union president Mike Dean said the three officers
maintained their innocence and were awaiting the outcome of an
Industrial Relations Commission appeal against their sackings.
A separate case investigated by the ACC last year involved allegations
that WA police officers were involved in two murders and had been
compromised by a bikie gang which had videotaped officers using drugs
and having sex.
The man making the allegations was registered as an informant and
located to a "safe house". He signed a 22-page statement, then refused
to co-operate any further and the ACC concluded that the allegations
could not be substantiated.

@_date: 2001-12-29 18:50:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hammer attack on ex-Intel operative. 
Tim May reacts to real anarchists much like dracula does to garlic,thinking of you Timmy,you racist jerk.You die soon.
 > From: As many of you may or may not be aware, the white supremacist group,
World Church of the Creator and their leader Matt Hale will be coming to
the Martin Library in York, Pa on January 12th. For more info on the WCOTC
please visit: The WCOTC is notorious for picking a town with a present or past
racial conflict and exploiting the situation to gain new members. This time are coming to York, Pa because of a race riot that took place in 1969 where a
black woman was killed in a hail of gunfire by white youths. The mayor,
who at the time was a cop, is being charged with inciting white youths to
"kill niggers."
Months before the Sept 11th incident, Anti Fascists across North America
had noticed a distinct upswing in fascist organization and activity. After
Sept 11th, many fascist groups began exploiting the attack to their own
advantage and have actually had a dramatic increase in their ranks.
Compared to the same time last year, the National Alliance membership has more than
Here in Philly and the surrounding areas, we have seen the effects of
this growth. National Alliance stickers started appearing in racially mixed,
working class neighborhoods in northeast Philly. Philly Anti Racist Action
tore down most of the stickers and put up ARA stickers in their place. A
bonehead by the name of Keith Carney was arrested in front of a Vietnam
war memorial while he, along with 10 other fascists were putting up National
Alliance stickers. Over the summer, Hammer "skins" held a show in
PA with over 100 boneheads in attendance. In recent months, National Alliance
affiliated boneheads and Hammer "skins" have been spotted at every major
venue, punk show in the city. A table with anti racist literature was kicked
over by boneheads at a punk show in Dillsburg, PA. A few months ago, 2
boneheads were arrested in South Jersey for breaking into a black couple's
home and beating them with baseball bats while they slept. Attacks have also
occurred in Baltimore outside of shows. To put it simply, shit is getting
out of hand!
Another alarming fact is that fascists such as the National Alliance have
been able to mobilize nearly the same amount of people to their demos as Anti
Fascists. In Wallingford, CT, the World Church mobilized not only people from
their own ranks but klansmen, hammer "skins", and other fascist groups as
This should be a wake up call to Anti Fascists everywhere. The fascists
are crawling out of their caves and from under their stones. We must be there
to greet the World Church, pick up the stones, and send them running. Matt
Hale cannot be allowed to have a platform to spew his racist filth and divide
the working class. Keep the fascists on the run and never let them have
the streets! Join us on January 12th!
Please forward this to all anti authoritarian groups. More info to follow....
So far this call to action is being endorsed by Philly ARA, Columbus ARA,
Barricada Collective, and Tute Nere. If your group would like to endorse
this action please contact Philly ARA.
For now you can contact Philly ARA at:
Email: Philly_ARA Phone: 215-727-0882 box Columbus ARA can be contacted at:
Email: aracolumbus at hotmail.com
Phone: 614-596-7677
Corralitos East,curt Saxon meet fellow caveman dick Cheney...
"It has become crystal clear that the West in general, led by the United States, are full of hatred against Crypto-anarchy Hatred cannot be defined," It's embodied though in the dick May's and Tim Cheneys.
Cheney's hiding in a cave, too--in Penn.
December 20, 2001
BY DENNIS B. RODDY
WAYNESBORO, Pa.--Three hours after Osama bin Laden turned the Pentagon into a disaster area, five helicopters touched down a few hundred yards from Hal Neill's house at the base of Raven Rock Mountain along the Pennsylvania-Maryland border.
Within minutes, a convoy of SUVs with black-tinted windows zoomed up Harbaugh Valley Road, turned left, and deposited the weight of the free world inside Site R, the inexplicably named city-in-a-mountain from which the Pentagon has operated and, from all indications Vice President Cheney has directed his office in the days since the Sept. 11 attacks.
Site R, with its six-stories of underground offices, a subterranean water reservoir, and banks of mysterious antennas, dishes and massive, steel doors, has been a designated backup command center since it was hewn out of the mountain in 1951.
For decades, Site R's presence was a village secret, barely acknowledged to outsiders and attracting little outside interest in turn.
''There are four entrances, but I've only ever been able to find three of them,'' said Neill, as he stood in his back yard, looking over at the guard station next to two oversize metal doors in the hillside. Six military men in sweatsuits jogged their way down the driveway and back up again.
''They weren't doing that before the attacks,'' Neill said. ''Now they're working out.''
The tidy equilibrium of rural life has been upended. ''Day and night, you hear the airplanes,'' said Bonnie Wolfe, whose model railroad shop sits below the flight path of the military jets and helicopters that intermittently pass by, usually unseen, inevitably heard.

@_date: 2001-12-29 21:19:22
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Faustines anal urges 
>>bringing up the idea of simultaneous detonation of suitcase nukes in multiple metropolitan areas. <<
Innerestin you bring that up Justine,zat wots worryn them down at NSA central? Why not simple OK Ryders with added homer Simpson fuel rods on top? Id love to slide one of those up your cute little sewer rats ass BTW.
Any thoughts on A DC net with envelopes containing pledges all snail,all meatspace,all APster,all the time?
I am waiting for my case to come up
& I am waiting
for a rebirth of wonder
& I am waiting for someone
to really discover America
 Lawrence Ferlinghetti,
A Coney Island of the Mind

@_date: 2001-12-29 23:42:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Kill the president 
Waco president arbusto e nuemann today let on he was pissed that the secret way he wants his death squads to operate leaked(see below for background) He was also said to be put off his banana's and peanuts by the suspicion directed toward an arab-american oberstumtrooper of the SS.The SS are my ubermench gibbered the loopy ruprecht.(see below,below.)
Commentary. Ann Woolner is a columnist for Bloomberg News. The opinions expressed are her own.
By Ann Woolner
Atlanta, Nov. 23 (Bloomberg) -- President George W. Bush cites the 1942 military tribunal convened to prosecute eight Nazis plotting attacks on U.S. soil to show how he wants to prosecute present-day terrorists.
It's a model, all right.
It's a model of a powerful government official using the secrecy of a military tribunal to deceive the public, falsely embellish his reputation, break promises to a whistleblower and sit by while a 30-year prison sentence is given to the man who thwarted the Nazi sabotage, a man to whom the agency had promised a presidential pardon.
That official was Federal Bureau of Investigation Director J. Edgar Hoover.
His aim was glory for cracking this hugely important case. The problem was that it took no detective work whatsoever to crack the case.
All it took was for FBI agents to believe a man, George Dasch, who twice called and then walked into FBI headquarters to tell them about the plot.
Dasch told them that Nazi submarines had deposited him and seven other Germans at U.S. shores in New York and Florida in recent days. Supplied with explosives and timing devices, their mission was to blow up certain U.S. military equipment factories, transportation structures and Jewish-owned department stores.
Dasch, aided by another would-be saboteur, Ernst Burger, led the FBI to the other six Germans, 14 American collaborators, $174,588 and a cache of Pardon Promised
In return, FBI agents promised Dasch that if he pleaded guilty to his role in the plot, he'd get a prison sentence of no more than six months followed by a presidential pardon.
It didn't turn out that way.
During the 18-day trial, held in an FBI training room at the Justice Department building, agents played down Dasch's and Burger's cooperation, although one agent acknowledged Dasch had been promised the pardon.
This was not reported, since no journalists were allowed to cover the trial. Secrecy was necessary, Attorney General Francis Biddle explained beforehand, to prevent America's enemies from learning ``how our intelligence services are equipped to work against them.''
All eight Germans were convicted and six were executed, less than two months after Dasch arrived by submarine. Burger got a life sentence; Dasch got 30 years.
Hoover Censors Report
Even after the war ended and a new attorney general, Tom Clark, wanted to disclose what had happened at the trial, Hoover intervened.
He censored the report the Justice Department produced, cutting out information that could ``discredit or embarrass the bureau,'' Hoover wrote in a memo. Left out was any mention of the pardon promise and the fact that Dasch's own confession sparked the investigation.
Decades passed and Hoover died before the full story came out. Through Freedom of Information Act requests, Atlanta Constitution reporter Seth Kantor obtained the trial transcript, FBI reports and other documents and wrote a series of stories in 1980.
Those stories, on which this account is based, were recounted in an article this week by Cox News Service.
Prison Riot
As for Dasch, he'd been sent to the Atlanta Federal Penitentiary where his presence prompted a prison riot in 1944. Dasch, whom inmates threatened to throw off a five-story building, had been the principal target of the rioting prisoners, according to Biddle.
He survived and was transferred to Leavenworth prison in Kansas.
With pressure from new lawyers to release Dasch and Burger, President Harry Truman in 1948 ordered them deported to West Germany where they'd eventually be free. The White House statement continued the deception in explaining Truman's generosity toward these infamous Nazis: ``After their arrest, Burger and Dasch gave full and complete identities of all connected with the sabotage plot.''
This implied it was only after the FBI had tracked them down that they Nor did this version help Dasch in post-war Germany. Nazi sympathizers threatened to avenge the executions of the other six saboteurs and the thwarting of Hitler's sabotage plans, prompting Dasch to move from city to city, job to job. By 1980, his trail had vanished, Kantor wrote. He has since died, according to news reports.
`Museum Piece'
Bush has ordered the creation of military commissions to conduct tribunals for the prosecution of non-U.S. citizens accused of terrorism against the United States. The speed of such tribunals, their portability, the availability of the death penalty and their looser rules make them a good option, in Bush's view.
But looser rules also mean a greater likelihood that the innocent would be convicted and the system manipulated by officials. Secrecy would mean no public scrutiny.
``To do this in a healthy fashion, one has to make trials as open as possible,'' says Ruth Wedgwood, a Yale law professor teaching international law and criminal procedure.
Bush's order describes ``a pre-1950 format'' for military tribunals, says Eugene Fidell, a Washington lawyer and president of the National Institute of Military Justice.
``This is a museum piece that's being trotted out,'' says Fidell. ``The question is whether it's being properly brought back.''
Presscott's Reincarnation gets what PR wants.
A Durham student activist gets a visit from the Secret Service
B Y J O N E L L I S T O N
A.J. Brown, a 19-year-old freshman at Durham Tech, was thanking God it was Friday. It was 5 p.m., the school week was over, and in an hour she'd be meeting her boyfriend to unwind.
November 21, 2001
T R I A N G L E S
Then: Knock, knock ... unexpected guests at Brown's Duke Manor apartment. Opening the door, she found a casually dressed man, and a man and woman in what appeared to be business attire. Her first thought, she says, was, "Are these people going to sell me something?"
Photo By Alex Maness
Threat or dissent? A.J. Brown and her anti-Bush poster

@_date: 2001-12-29 23:58:26
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Rushkoff and buy this free market special. 
When I was a kid, we lived in a relatively modest neighborhood and shared one barbecue pit at the end of the block. Every weekend, anyone could go down there and make some hotdogs. Parents would even cook for one another's kids. When we got a bit wealthier, we moved out to the suburbs. There, each family had its own barbecue in the backyard. Instead of barbecuing with the neighbors, we competed with them. "The Jones's have sirloin, so we better get filet mignon!"
Sure, in the suburban sprawl schema, the Weber Grill company gets to sell a whole lot more barbecues, but our experience of community is surrendered to the needs of the marketplace.
I've been making this argument for the past couple of years in articles and speeches around the US. Then, just last month, a libertarian magazine made a fascinating critique of my work that they believed neutralized such anti-corporate sentiments: those of us taking a stand against the marketplace as the dominant social paradigm are only doing so in order to make money!
That's right  the whole 'lefty' thing is a disingenuous scam to sell books, posters, and magazines like this one. We're actually in it for the What makes this argument particularly perplexing is that, if it were true, shouldn't the libertarians praise us? We would be adhering, after all, to the very principles they espouse! We are simply providing a product that meets consumer demand, and  because we don't really believe the rhetoric we spew  we are doing so without prejudice or forethought. We are as blameless as corporations selflessly catering to the will of the all-powerful consumer. Just like global conglomerates, we  the merchants of Marx  are simply appealing to a target market. In our case, we sell a hip, anti-consumerist aesthetic to people who fall into the Seattle Demonstrator psychographic.
This kind of circular, self-perpetuating analysis is symptomatic of a society getting itself into some serious ideological trouble. We are so inundated by the free market's rhetorical whitewash that we are fast approaching what can only be labeled "market fascism": a social contract that can no longer tolerate any opinion or event that doesn't serve the speculative economy. Its adherents can't understand motivation in any other terms than profit-mindedness; they can't imagine alternatives to the logic of capitalism. Those who can conceive of counter-currents become the latest-variety "enemy of the state." The state itself, of course, is to be reduced to the barest regulation required for the free flow of capital and protection of property. Market opponents must be eliminated or, better, assimilated. The bottom line really does become the bottom line.
Currently, trillions of dollars and man-hours are being spent to lock down just such a reality template. Through intimidation, reward, and an odd scheme of justifications, the market is yearning towards the status of sacred doctrine. While it's still permitted, let's deconstruct some of its sacred cows before they become our only source of milk.
The first faulty premise of market fascism is that consumption invariably leads to an expression of democratic will  that we vote with our dollars. In this sense, corporations conduct focus groups, polling, and other forms of cultural anthropology, and justify this information gathering as an effort to get to the heart of what people really want.
In reality, the results of such studies are divided into two categories: desires that can be monetized, and those that can't. If focus groups conducted by the music industry, for example, determine that kids want to hear songs made by their own neighbors, record labels do not rush to market songs by anon-ymous teens. Instead, they use this information to construct publicity campaigns for the groups they have already decided to back.
No, the reduction of the role of citizens to that of consumers does not translate into cash-register democracy. It means that the scope of our influence has been reduced to very limited conversation with our marketers.
Market fascists dismiss such arguments, claiming that we are paranoid leftists, imagining a conspiracy between a group of fictitious marketers and corporate chiefs  that such people do not really exist. In a sense, they are right. In the corporate reality, no one is in charge.
When you walk into the gap, a young clerk will initiate a well-researched sales technique called gapact (Greet Approach Provide Add-on Close Thank). Should we be mad at her? Of course not. She's just doing what her manager has told her to do. If she doesn't end the day with a certain quota of multiple-item sales, she'll get in trouble. So do we blame her manager? No. He's got to meet a quota, too, set by corporate headquarters. Do we blame the marketing department? Well, they're just taking their orders from the ceo. And he's just taking his from the Board of Directors. And they're just listening to their shareholders. And those shareholders, well, they're some of the same people walking in the door as customers, who happen to have gap stock in the mutual funds of their retirement plans.
The whole thing is on automatic. Although corporations may have the legal rights of human beings, they aren't human at all. A corporation is just a set of code  like a computer program  a recipe for making money. The human beings enacting the code, from executives to customers to marketers, become part of the machine.
Worse still, today we are empowering our corporations with the most advanced techniques of persuasion known to science. I'm not talking about discredited notions like subliminal advertising, but much more pernicious forms of influence, like neurolinguistic programming, regression and transference, pacing and leading, and other forms of hypnosis. Sure, marketers and advertisers have always used versions of these techniques, but never have we extended and automated them through computers and onto the Internet. The Internet gives the formerly abstract corporate entity its eyes and ears. Consumer feedback is instantaneously recorded, compiled, shared, and acted upon. There is no need for human intervention, or, of course, the conscience or ethical considerations that might slow any of this down. Sell more stuff in less time with higher profit is the only corporate command set.
Like most Adbusters readers, I've spent a good deal of time examining how these techniques work. Suffice to say, the way to make people buy things they don't really want is by making them tense. In order to sell unnecessary goods, you must convince people they are unhappy so that they yearn to make their lives better  to fill in that sad vacuum. The plain truth is rarely put this plainly: a marketer's job is to make people unhappy.
And that gets us back to the oldest trick in the book for keeping people in line: take intimacy away from them. If a teenage boy is sitting on the couch next to his girlfriend, he's less likely to be persuaded to buy those jeans in the TV commercial. He's already getting laid! So what are the marketer's alternatives? Get the girl to worry about how her boyfriend's clothes reflect on her, or, better, find a way to keep the kids from having sex at all.
This all became stridently clear to me a few months ago, when I was asked to appear in a debate on cnn about censorship online. They had me up against a "family values" advocate. I was supposed to argue that the right to free speech outweighed the concerns of parents about what sorts of pornography their kids might stumble upon while surfing the web. As the debate went on, I realized we were all accepting the premise that kids should be protected from sexual imagery. What studies have ever been done to prove it's dangerous for kids to see pictures of people having sex? We let kids watch sitcoms in which parents regularly lie to one another  but we fear what will happen if they see people making love?
My point is not that kids should be exposed to porn. Rather, it is that the sacred truths we hold as self-evident are, in fact, blasphemous distortions of social reality intended to reduce thinking human beings into compliant consumers. This, combined with marketing techniques designed to limit human agency to impulsive Pavlovian responses, leads to an unthinking, unquestioning, and absolutely unfulfilled population, ripe for market fascism.
The irony here is that religion might actually serve as a last line of defense against this branded cultural imperialism. Adbusters' annual "Buy Nothing Day" used to occur once a week as a long-forgotten ritual called "Sabbath." Once every seven days, the Judeo-Christian founders concluded a few millennia ago, people should take a break from the cycle of consumption and production.
Imagine trying to practice Sabbath today. What's left to do that doesn't involve paying for admission? Are there any public spaces left other than the mall? Though the Sabbath was widely celebrated even 10 years ago, it now falls outside the imaginable for the market fascists: wouldn't it throw the economy into a recession?
Perhaps, but it would also give us 24 hours each week to restore a bit of autonomy into our own affairs. The hard right has claimed the spiritual high ground (as a way of promoting market values) but it may actually belong to us. It's our way of disengaging from the corporate machine, unplugging from the matrix, and considering whether we would rather have a communal barbecue pit at the end of the block. It's not time off; it's time "on." It's a sacred space for the living. We might even use it to have sex.

@_date: 2001-12-30 00:19:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: BlackNet customers/suppliers needed. 
NATO war machine
On December 12, 2001, the Dene Suline people of Cold Lake, "Alberta, kanada", are supposed to vote on an offer from the government to give money and land in exchange for Dene territory on which the Primrose Lake Air Weapons Range is located. Primrose Lake is a favored NATO playground, where they have tested out numerous missiles, bombs, weapons and aircraft that are currently being used in the War against Terrorism. The Dene Suline have established a camp at the main entrance of the weapons range and are opposing the theft of their land to feed the war machine and the oil industry. Since their earliest memories, the Dene Suline have lived peacefully on the land that is now the Primrose Lake Air Weapons Range. Through hunting, fishing, trapping, and food gathering, the Dene Suline have sustained themselves as a people in the face of genocide from the kanadian government and NATO. The Dene people live from northern kanada, in "Alberta, Saskatchwan, Manitoba, and Northwest Territories," down to Black Mesa in "Arizona." The U$ and kanadian governments and corporations have stolen their land, killed their people and forced the Dene onto reservations. Like the Dineh (Navajo) people at Big Mountain, the Dene Suline of Cold Lake have faced forced relocation. The first Europeans on Dene Suline territory were Hudson Bay Company fur traders and by 1867 a treaty, known at Treaty  was forced onto the Dene Suline. In 1952, the kanadian government, under the pretense of protecting the freedom and safety of kanada, stole the land encompassing Primrose Lake Air Weapons, land that was garunteed to them in their treaty. When this happened, the Dene Suline had a 7 day sit-in at Suckerville, on the shores of Primrose Lake, refusing to move until their land was returned. After heavy coercion from the government, a deal was made; a 20 year lease of 4,490 sq. miles for military use only and after 20 years, it was to be returned or a new lease renegotiated with the Dene Suline. Before 1952, a large deposit of oil was discovered on their territory and by the early 970s the technology had been developed to extract that oil. Since that time, the oil companies, primarily Alberta Energy Corporation, have been raping the earth in Dene Suline territory, taking billions of dollars worth of oil yearly and destroying the environment in the process. The voices of opposition from the Dene Suline have been ignored by the government and, not surprisingly, after 20 years was up, the government still maintained control over Primrose Lake and did not renegotiate the lease. The territory of the Dene Suline is being bombed and decimated everyday. Burial grounds, traplines, hunting and fishing grounds are destroyed by the greed of the oil industry and the bombs of the NATO war machine. Through alcohol, residential schools, poverty, and forced assimilation, the government has tried to break the culture and strength of the people.
NATO, the War Machine and Native Territory Many other indigenous Nations on Turtle Island have seen the effects of the war machine testing on their territories. The Western Shoshone people in Newe Segobia, (Nevada), have suffered from massive nuclear testing on their territory. Many people have contracted cancer and other illnesses and died from nuclear radiation and the subsequent destruction of the land and the sustenance it provides for their people. Low level flight trainings have shattered the lives of many Innu people in North Eastern kanada. Thousands of low level planes fly over their territory every year, negatively affecting the environment, the food sources and culture of the Innu. For 6 weeks every year at the Primrose Lake Air Weapons Range, more than 18 NATO countries use the range for "Operation Maple Flag" in which they test new laser and ballistic missiles, and depleted uranium bombs. In the 50 years since the Department of National Defense stole this land, Primrose Lake has become the second largest airforce base in kanada. The Tomahawk Cruise Missile was first tested at Primrose Lake, and then used in Iraq, Yugoslavia and now Afghanistan. The formation of the U$ and kanada was based upon the terrorizing and genocide of Native people. Christian fanatics conquered new lands through war, biological warfare (including the the intentional spread of small pox), land theft, forced assimilation, deceit, torture, rape, and destruction of villages, long houses, gravesites, carvings, totem poles etc. The West perfected colonization here on Turtle Island and now "Globalization" is its latest offspring with "Operation Enduring Freedom" (the War Against Terrorism) as its military arm. The War against Terrorism is colonization in the 21st century, as more areas and countries are turned into U$/Western military occupied zones and the people are forced to give their oil to the hungry western market and assimilate their culture and economy into the world capitalist market place. What NATO and kanada has done to the Dene Suline and their territory is what they want to do to the world. People have been lead to believe the war against terrorism is a war for freedom and democracy, to liberate Afghanis and other muslims from repressive governments and radical fundamentalists. But the Talibans treatment and oppression of women and non-Muslims is no different than the kanadian treatment of the Dene Suline and other indigenous people on Turtle Island. As "Operation Enduring Freedom" continues, there is only going to be more genocide committed against Native people of Turtle Island in the name of military testing.
Dene Suline Resistance For the past 6 months the Dene Suline have been asserting their aboriginal title and opposing the NATO war machine by reoccuppying their traditional territory at Primrose Lake Air Weapons Range. On June 3rd, 2001, the Dene Suline blocked the AEC (Alberta Energy Corporation) access road and the Weapons Range and established a camp there. They are re-asserting their title to their homelands by physically being and living on them, and by doing so, implementing the 1997 Delgamuukw supreme court decision, which affirms the inherent rights of Native people in kanada. The Dene Suline are now faced with a new attempt by the government and the Department of National Defense to steal their territory. The government has offered $25.5 million and a measly 5,000 acres of land in exchange for 4,500 square miles of their territory which encompasses the whole weapons range. This works out to a measly $35 an acre. The government has been working with the Chief and Council (state sponsored Band Council government) in an attempt to fast track this deal past the people. They hastily organized only 2 information meetings, one in Cold Lake and one in Edmonton, but in both places they were met with heavy opposition from the people. The government and the Chief and Council have been trying to cover-up this deal and silence media attention. The Chief and Council have enacted Indian Act voting regulations to make the voting age 21 (it9s normally 18), so as to exclude opposition from the youth. The Dene Suline are not giving up or backing down because of this latest tactic by the government. 20-30 people are still at the camp regularly (despite bitter winter colds) and they recently finished building their first permanent cabin and are in the process of building more. The Dene Suline will not let this deal through and are trying to stop it even before it comes to vote. Dene Suline Warriors are promising direct action against Primrose Lake, the government, Alberta Energy Corporation and anyone else in support of this deal. The Dene people have survived this long in the face of genocide and they will continue to fight to defend their territory against kanada and the NATO war machine. "WE need the world to look close at this act of aggression. We need human rights and environmental groups as well as the peace / anti-war movements to act on their resolutions and defend the territories," said Dene Warrior Brian X.
For more information contact Dene Suline of Cold Lake Box 8497, Cold Lake, Dene Suline Territory "AB" T0M 1M2 Cell: 780-812-0306 Phone: 780-639-4592 How to support: The Dene Suline are desperately in need of funds: transfers can be made to Cold Lake Dene People9s Fund, acct. 230 6017 01-maximizer, Cold Lake Credit Union, Cold Lake, AB or donations can be sent directly to the address above. They need communications gear (video cameras, cell phones, radios). You can also support by organizing actions against any of the government bodies, Department of National Defense, corporations, and NATO. The Dene Suline want this information to get out to people, so please help by spreading the word. If you want to go to Cold Lake to directly support their actions on the front lines, contact the above phone number.

@_date: 2001-12-30 00:23:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Death to Capitalism. 
the most stupefying characteristic of todays society is its ability to
make daily comfort exist a hands breadth away from catastrophe.
In the middle of October, 2000 in eastern Kentucky, a coal mine pond gave
way, releasing 200 million gallons of sludge into streams, killing fish,
washing away roads and bridges and fouling the water supply. The tar-like
sludge spread into the Ohio River. But such disasters are not so uncommon.
One need only consider the cyanide spill that happened in Romania at the
end of January spreading as far as Yugoslavia and leaving a few hundred
tons of dead fish (not to mention birds, otters and other creatures) in its
wake, or the spillage of radio-active material at Tokaimura, Japan that
caused major environmental damage for a radius of several miles around it
in October of 1999. And of course, we cannot forget Bhopal or Chernobyl.
But these are the most spectacular disasters, the ones that could not be
made invisible (though even disasters of this sort may, in time, become so
common that they cease to be newsconsider that there 45 coal mine ponds
that were said to be at higher risk of failure than the one that collapsed
in October). Disaster is, in fact an ongoing aspect of our present
existence. The estuary at the mouth of the Colorado River is quickly dying,
most likely due to the effects of hydro-electric dams. Chemical pollution
has spread death from the mouth of the Mississippi River well into the Gulf
of Mexico. The ozone layer disappears along with the forests and the
plankton that feed it. And the melting of the polar ice caps has forced
scientists to admit to the reality of global warming. When one adds to this
the more blatantly intentional disasters caused by the attempts of the
great powers to teach the lesser powers the meaning of democracy by bombing
the shit out of the powerless, it is clear that life in the present is
always lived on the edge of disaster.
When the litany of disasters that surrounds us is sung, it is easy to feel
that we are dealing with the inevitable, with an unavoidable fate. But this
is not the case. Every one of the disasters described above can be traced
to the functioning of specific social institutions and the decisions of the
people who hold power in them. As has been said many times, there are
people who make these decisions and they have names and addresses.
They also share a particular social position. As the rulers of this social
order, they benefit from it in terms of power and economic wealth. (That
they do so at the expense of their individuality and any real enjoyment of
life does not decrease their responsibility for the present existence.)
While some of the disastrous effects of their decisions may have taken them
by surprise, it cannot be honestly said that they acted blindly. After all,
these are the same people who had no problem with showering a small
predominately agricultural country with herbicide in an attempt to destroy
its economy. The environment is not their concern; power and economic
expansion are.
When capitalism developed the technological system ideal for its expansion,
the industrial system that began in the shipping industries which then
provided the resources for developing the manufacturing industries, the
door was opened to a world of daily misery and ongoing disaster. Whether it
be the genocide against indigenous people who did not adapt quickly enough
to their enslavement to the needs of capital, the illnesses and injuries
that the regime of work imposes on workers, the increasing precariousness
that faces everyone who is not of the ruling class, misery is the order of
the day in this society.
To fully understand why this is, it is necessary to realize that capitalism
thrives on crisis. Its order is an order of crisis management. For the
rulers of the social order this is not a problem. They are well protected
from the consequences of the crises that they sometimes quite intentionally
induce. Those at the bottom, those who have been excluded from any real
control over the circumstances in which they live, suffer the consequences
of this system.
The industrial system, which is so necessary to the expansion of capital,
has been an environmental disaster from the beginning, offering William
Blake some of his most frightening poetic images. The famous London fog of
the 19th century was, in fact, industrial smog which accompanied high rates
of tuberculosis among the poorer classes. Today, the toxification of the
environment combines with the stress of daily survival to create cancer,
heart disease, immune system breakdown and increasing levels of mental
distress and disorder from which those in power seek to protect themselves
with medical care that most of us could never affordand which plays its
own role in the toxification of this world.
Capitalism will not provide a solution for the disasters it causes. It is a
system of stop-gap measures, and, increasingly, as the new technologies
come to the fore, a system of tinkering with ever tinier atomized bits.
Unfortunately, in the face of economic precariousness and environmental
disaster, survival tends to take precedence over life and joy. And in this
way, the rule of capital penetrates even into our minds, as we find
ourselves succumbing to the use of stop-gap measures, of the methods of
crisis management, in an attempt to guarantee ourand the earthssurvival.
Thus, the strange phenomenon some of those who call themselves anarchists
using litigation, petition, even the electoral process in the attempt to
save a patch of forest, stop a particular development or prevent the
destruction of an indigenous culture. The problem is not that people
struggle for these specific aims, but that in desperation they lay aside
their ideals, their desires and their dreams, and use methods of struggle
that only reinforce the economy of disaster that rules existence today.
The struggle against this present existence in which misery and disaster
are the norm must, in order to have a chance, base itself in our desire to
live full, passionate lives, on the joyful intensity we create in our lives
in spite of the existence imposed on us. Only then can our struggle move
beyond the careful measurements of crisis management, beyond the stop-gap
measures for guaranteeing survival at the expense of life that merely aid
capitalism in maintaining and expanding its rule, instead embracing those
methods of struggle that move toward insurrection, toward revolution,
toward the unknown. Our present existence is a toxic prison. There is no
way to know what lies beyond the walls. But here we know we are being
killed and this can only end when our love of life moves us to tear down
the walls.
Link:

@_date: 2001-12-30 00:30:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: PATRIOT games. 
The PATRIOT shredding and flushing of the constitution was drawn up and ready to go.Some background I want to store online,justin Case.
The Juvenile Justice Bill
After the Columbine High School shootings, the US Senate passed the May 1999 Juvenile Justice Bill. Though unrelated in any way to "juvenile justice," several provisions were included that directly target animal rights and environmental activists. Reflecting industry pressure and influence, the Juvenile Justice Bill condemns people who commit politically motivated nonviolent offenses with exceedingly disproportionate prison terms. Unfortunately, this law is only one example of a systematic attempt by industry and government to discourage direct action by punishing activists with jail time that far exceeds time given to truly violent and dangerous people. Such sentencing preferences illustrate the priority the state (and our crypto-fascist , creep of creeps,Tim May btw.)gives to property over human life. The Juvenile Justice Bill also:
1. Makes it a federal crime to distribute information on how to make bombs (over the Internet or otherwise) or other weapons of mass destruction if the "teacher intends" for the information to be used to commit a federal violent crime, or knows that the recipient will use the information to commit such a crime.
2. Enhances penalties under the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act by changing a minimum sentence to a mandatory five years instead of one.
3. Creates a "National Animal Terrorism and Ecoterrorism Incident Clearinghouse" to "accept, collect and maintain" information on crimes against animal enterprises or commercial activities because of their perceived impact on the environment. Records of such incidents are available for all law enforcement agencies.
4. Enhances sentences for "gangs," defined as the assembly of three or more people. These sentencing guidelines promote selective and politically biased prosecution by applying more serious penalties against those who commit crimes in defense of animals or the environment. The courts are being asked to evaluate the actions of an individual and the thoughts behind an action instead of simply evaluating the actual crime. The bill also undermines the First Amendment protection of websites and publications.
The RICO Act
In May 1999, Senators Orin G. Hatch (R-UT) and Diane Feinstein (D-CA) introduced an amendment to the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization (RICO) Act, aimed at "Animal Enterprise Terrorism and Ecoterrorism." RICO was originally designed to combat traditional organized crime and its infiltration of legitimate enterprises; however, its most innovative, and controversial, aspects are provisions which allow the state to seize property owned by anyone charged with being part of a "criminal enterprise." RICO targets illegal activity organized across state lines. Thus, if you "organize" using email and telephone, you can potentially be prosecuted under federal laws. In the past, RICO has been employed primarily against white-collar criminals, anti-abortion protesters and mobsters. Now, target groups can include just about anyone.
Oregon Declares War on Activists
On March 12, two bills intended to stiffen penalties for "eco-terrorists" were unanimously approved by the Oregon House of Representatives. Under HR 2344 and 2385, Oregons organized crime laws would be expanded to include activities such as tree spiking and sabotage of animal research, livestock or agricultural operations. Convictions under the laws would be punishable by up to 20 years in prison and a $300,000 fine. Reflecting the hysterical attitude and culture of propaganda currently prevailing in the Oregon legislature, Representative Bob Jenson claimed he received threatening letters and phone calls a year ago when lawmakers were first considering HR 2344 and 2385. He stated, "I will do everything to ensure that if you break the law as part of those protests, that you will get free room and board for 20 years." The process of attacking social movements in Oregon fits into a larger pattern of criminalizing dissent with respect to the anti-globalization movement, which is made up of anarchists, environmentalists, animal rights activists, students, Unions, teachers and others concerned about the fate of the planet and each other. David Helvarg, author of The War Against the Greens, stresses how difficult it is for ecologically destructive industries to look good and publicly justify their actions; therefore, their strategy has been "to make us look bad, demonize us and make themselves look respectable as a result." If one were to compare a cancer-causing industrial polluter to a teenage monkeywrencher, it would become glaringly apparent to the public as to who is the real "eco-terrorist."
Groups to Watch Out For
"A growing network of pro-technology activists is making sure that the message of my book, EcoTerror: The Violent Agenda to Save Nature, will produce results. By results, I mean congressional hearings and legislation to protect the public from environmentally motivated violence," says Ron Arnold in a Christian Science Monitor interview. Arnold is a spokesperson for the right-wing Wise Use movement and the executive director of the Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise. In a 1992 interview, he said, "Were out to kill the fuckers. Our goal is to eliminate environmentalism once and for all." He is a former spokesperson for Dow and Union Carbide and has financial support from corporations such as Exxon, DuPont, Georgia Pacific and Boise Cascade. Public relations firms, lobbying groups and think tanks work with and fund the Wise Use movement. Included amongst these institutions is the Heritage Foundation, which published a report entitled, Ecoterrorism: The Dangerous Fringe of the Environmental Movement. The report is a typical Wise Use mixture of truth, fiction and innuendo which targets Earth First! as a violent terrorist group. The report concludes with a strong denunciation of the use of violence as a tactic and claims that radical environmentalists are locked into an ever-increasing rampage of terrorist activity which is maiming, and which will inevitably result in the killing of innocent people. The report goes on to identify EF! as the enemy and pleads with the environmental community to isolate EF! and other so-called violent radicals from the environmental movement. It is interesting to note that this report was released in April 1990 and spread quickly through the Wise Use network. A think tank linked to the CIA, the National Strategy Information Center, operates a Counterterrorism Study Group (CSG). The CSG has identified all the possible sources of terrorism in the world today. Along with Iraq, Syria, and Lybia, it has concluded that a new source of terrorism exists within the "ecological movement," especially the elements of the movement which espouse biocentric views. The mission of the CSG is to identify the nature of various terrorist threats, devise new methodologies to analyze them and to implement responses through legal, military, political and intelligence means. The CSG has an international composition with academics, corporate officials and former government specialists in terrorism.
Disinformation campaigns and psychological warfare against environmentalists are only some of the techniques that are practicednot only by the FBI, but by a whole alphabet soup of federal organizations, along with the participation of local police forces, private security firms, local government and Wise Use sympathizers. "The environmental movement is being subjected to obvious surveillance, intimidation, anonymous letters, phony leaflets, telephone threats, police over-reaction and brutality, dubious arrests and other threatening actions unfamiliar to most activists," says Chip Berlet in his article "Hunting the Green Menace." Berlet continues that the "labeling of a group as violent, terrorist or pro-communist is often a first step toward the delegitimizing of that group. Such labeling undermines public support and thus sanctions the use of aggressive surveillance and harassment by government agencies or private security firms. There is also a self-fulfilling prophecy with labeling, as police are likely to respond with unjustified force when they have been trained to think of peaceful protesters as violent terrorists."

@_date: 2001-12-30 00:38:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Outbreak on Clavius.Complete news Blackout.H.Floyd to 
take over any materials or facilities "as may be reasonable and necessary" for emergency response -- including the management of a health care facility and the rationing of medicine and other supplies if a shortage They could compel a person to submit to a physical exam or test without a court order or be charged with a misdemeanor offense and face the possibility of forced isolation. Physicians and other health workers could be forced to do the testing or face criminal liability.
Court orders would be required for quarantining someone, but faced with an immediate threat, officials could quarantine first and go to court afterward.
The law sets forth a procedure for contesting court orders and for hearings on the need for continued isolation. Officials could compel people to be vaccinated or treated for infectious diseases, though not those likely to suffer serious harm from a vaccination. The law would shield officials and their agents from civil liability, except in cases of gross negligence or willful misconduct.
[George] Annas, the Boston University critic, says that the law's major problem is that it gives "tremendous powers to unnamed and unaccountable public health officials to order people examined, treated, vaccinated or quarantined and do it with immunity unless acting with willful malice.
Mousepox that was converted to a selective strain that infects white men only with 100% fatality rates is suspected.It is believed a professor R ,a molecular biologist accidently released the virus on a recent trip to

@_date: 2001-12-30 00:52:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Strut like Tut,Tiny blur spotted in Egypt. 
by jonathan 5:56am Fri Nov 30 '01
Egypt's First Web Prisoner Of Conscience
''He is Egypt's first web prisoner of conscience," quipped one recipient of the news that a web designer was arrested last week, charged with posting an indecent poem on the Internet. Although the incident was not entirely unique -- people have been hounded in the past for posting Internet content deemed to be offensive to public morals -- the case of Shohdy Naguib, Al-Ahram Weekly's 39-year-old web master, is different because it relates to freedom of literary expression.
Shohdy Naguib was taken from his home by police in the early hours of 22 November. He was accused of posting a poem by his late father, Naguib Surur

@_date: 2001-12-30 02:09:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Open secret 
That timmy thinks he's hung like donkey kong yet is actually well below average.? Probably,the jerk's nutless anyway so thats academic.No,I refer to a teaser in this weeks nude scientist.>>OPEN SECRET: An unbreakable code could soon become free for all.Sounds like a nightmare for professional Weel sheet! Thats got to be good fucken news! Stale but still NS is a conservative mag,digesters reader for scientists.(They still broke the anthrax-US govt link.)This issue also has a story on the lost biowarfare battle and for Quantum crypto-punks the hope that with superconducting cables operating now in Denmark and Detroit and the news of single photon emissions in supercooled conditions,the quantum road to crypto-anarchy edges ever closer.On this day-1863 -- Russia: Nihilists annihilate Chief of Police.1971 -- US: Vietnam veteran antiwar protesters peacefully
end their occupation of the Statue of Liberty.
"The statue of Liberty welcomes innumerable
pilgrims...while it is announced that the center of the
world, which took millennia to shift from the
Euphrates to the Thames, is now on the Hudson River.
In full imperial euphoria the United States
celebrates...but novelist Mark Twain, the old spoilsport,
proposes changing the national flag: the white stripes
should be black, he says, & the stars should be skulls
& crossbones."
1973 -- Alexander Solzhenitsyn publishes Gulag
"One word of truth shall outweigh the whole world."
1984 -- Straw That Broke...?: Sam Peckinpah, film
director, rides the high country, of cardiac arrest at 59.
Any of you punks want to go back and get Angel?

@_date: 2001-12-30 02:43:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cell phone urban legends 
Phone set to speed dial an answering machine recorded police abusing and beating black man in Chicago.Cops fired.
Phone with vibrating silent alarm fished out of young womens rectum in Taiwan."We were experimenting"faustine chong said.Then there was the one that give's you a splitting Israeli headache.Thats in the archives already.(thanks jya.)
SMS,DoCoMo style texting is an official "killer app".All yakuza hitmen now check contracts and prices by cellphone now.
Soprano waste management is importing the technology.See New Jersey IMC.mattd in OZ used to get regular empty cellphone calls on his messagebank.0417 531 548.everytime he said "Kill the President"He wants the service reinstated.
Phonecalls on the web were tried by Taylor last year.He called NZ and it was like ham radio,with a satellite 1 or 2 second delay.Another net revolution but I digress.Faustine please call mattd for aural sex on 03 5422 7207.check 17 hr timeslip.
  Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2001-12-30 13:12:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: REAL LIVE RED BLOODED ANARCHY 
Anarchy: Revolution is the Solution.
by Vigil ANti 11:40am Sat Dec 29 '01 (Modified on 4:16pm Sat Dec 29 '01)
Reform is ineffective and only serves to further strengthen the Complex. Anarchy holds many ideas worth considering in the quest towards a sane world.
A.1 What is anarchism?
Anarchism is a political theory which aims to create anarchy, "the absence of a master, of a sovereign." [P-J Proudhon, What is Property , p. 264] In other words, anarchism is a political theory which aims to create a society within which individuals freely co-operate together as equals. As such anarchism opposes all forms of hierarchical control - be that control by the state or a capitalist - as harmful to the individual and their individuality as well as unnecessary.
In the words of anarchist L. Susan Brown:
"While the popular understanding of anarchism is of a violent, anti-State movement, anarchism is a much more subtle and nuanced tradition then a simple opposition to government power. Anarchists oppose the idea that power and domination are necessary for society, and instead advocate more co-operative, anti-hierarchical forms of social, political and economic organization." [The Politics of Individualism, p. 106]
However, "anarchism" and "anarchy" are undoubtedly the most misrepresented ideas in political theory. Generally, the words are used to mean "chaos" or "without order," and so, by implication, anarchists desire social chaos and a return to the "laws of the jungle."
This process of misrepresentation is not without historical parallel. For example, in countries which have considered government by one person (monarchy) necessary, the words "republic" or "democracy" have been used precisely like "anarchy," to imply disorder and confusion. Those with a vested interest in preserving the status quo will obviously wish to imply that opposition to the current system cannot work in practice, and that a new form of society will only lead to chaos. Or, as Errico Malatesta expresses it:
"since it was thought that government was necessary and that without government there could only be disorder and confusion, it was natural and logical that anarchy, which means absence of government, should sound like absence of order." [Anarchy, p. 12].
Anarchists want to change this "common-sense" idea of "anarchy," so people will see that government and other hierarchical social relationships are both harmful and unnecessary:
"Change opinion, convince the public that government is not only unnecessary, but extremely harmful, and then the word anarchy, just because it means absence of government, will come to mean for everybody: natural order, unity of human needs and the interests of all, complete freedom within complete solidarity." [Ibid., pp. 12-13].
This FAQ is part of the process of changing the commonly-held ideas regarding anarchism and the meaning of anarchy.
A.1.1 What does "anarchy" mean?
The word "anarchy" is from the Greek, prefix an (or a), meaning "not," "the want of," "the absence of," or "the lack of", plus archos, meaning "a ruler," "director", "chief," "person in charge," or "authority." Or, as Peter Kropotkin put it, Anarchy comes from the Greek words meaning "contrary to authority." [Kropotkin's Revolutionary Pamphlets, p. 284]
While the Greek words anarchos and anarchia are often taken to mean "having no government" or "being without a government," as can be seen, the strict, original meaning of anarchism was not simply "no government." "An-archy" means "without a ruler," or more generally, "without authority," and it is in this sense that anarchists have continually used the word. For example, we find Kropotkin arguing that anarchism "attacks not only capital, but also the main sources of the power of capitalism: law, authority, and the State." [Op. Cit., p. 150] For anarchists, anarchy means "not necessarily absence of order, as is generally supposed, but an absence of rule." [Benjamin Tucker, Instead of a Book, p. 13] Hence David Weick's excellent "Anarchism can be understood as the generic social and political idea that expresses negation of all power, sovereignty, domination, and hierarchical division, and a will to their dissolution. . . Anarchism is therefore more than anti-statism . . . [even if] government (the state) . . . is, appropriately, the central focus of anarchist critique." [Reinventing Anarchy, p. 139]
For this reason, rather than being purely anti-government or anti-state, anarchism is primarily a movement against hierarchy. Why? Because hierarchy is the organizational structure that embodies authority. Since the state is the "highest" form of hierarchy, anarchists are, by definition, anti-state; but this is not a sufficient definition of anarchism. This means that real anarchists are opposed to all forms of hierarchical organization, not only the state. In the words of Brian Morris:
"The term anarchy comes from the Greek, and essentially means 'no ruler.' Anarchists are people who reject all forms of government or coercive authority, all forms of hierarchy and domination. They are therefore opposed to what the Mexican anarchist Flores Magon called the 'sombre trinity' -- state, capital and the church. Anarchists are thus opposed to both capitalism and to the state, as well as to all forms of religious authority. But anarchists also seek to establish or bring about by varying means, a condition of anarchy, that is, a decentralized society without coercive institutions, a society organised through a federation of voluntary associations." ["Anthropology and Anarchism," Anarchy: A Journal of Desire Armed, no. 45, p. 38]
Reference to "hierarchy" in this context is a fairly recent development -- the "classical" anarchists such as Proudhon, Bakunin and Kropotkin did use the word, but rarely (they usually preferred "authority," which was used as short-hand for "authoritarian"). However, it's clear from their writings that theirs was a philosophy against hierarchy, against any inequality of power or privileges between individuals. Bakunin spoke of this when he attacked "official" authority but defended "natural influence," and also when he said:
"Do you want to make it impossible for anyone to oppress his fellow-man? Then make sure that no one shall possess power." [The Political Philosophy of Bakunin, p. 271]
As Jeff Draughn notes, "while it has always been a latent part of the 'revolutionary project,' only recently has this broader concept of anti-hierarchy arisen for more specific scrutiny. Nonetheless, the root of this is plainly visible in the Greek roots of the word 'anarchy.'" [Between Anarchism and Libertarianism: Defining a New Movement]
We stress that this opposition to hierarchy is, for anarchists, not limited to just the state or government. It includes all authoritarian economic and social relationships as well as political ones, particularly those associated with capitalist property and wage labor. This can be seen from Proudhon's argument that "Capital . . . in the political field is analogous to government . . . The economic idea of capitalism . . . [and] the politics of government or of authority . . . [are] identical . . . [and] linked in various ways. . . What capital does to labor . . . the State [does] to liberty . . ." [quoted by Max Nettlau, A Short History of Anarchism, pp. 43-44] Thus we find Emma Goldman opposing capitalism as it involved people selling their labor and so ensuring that "the worker's inclination and judgement are subordinated to the will of a master." [Red Emma Speaks, p. 36] Forty years earlier Bakunin made the same point when he argued that under the current system "the worker sells his person and his liberty for a given time" to the capitalist in exchange for a wage [Op. Cit., p. 187].
Thus "anarchy" means more than just "no government," it means opposition to all forms of authoritarian organization and hierarchy. In Kropotkin's words, "the origin of the anarchist inception of society . . . [lies in] the criticism . . . of the hierarchical organizations and the authoritarian conceptions of society; and . . . the analysis of the tendencies that are seen in the progressive movements of mankind." [Kropotkin's Revolutionary Pamphlets, p. 158] Thus any attempt to assert that anarchy is purely anti-state is a misrepresentation of the word and the way it has been used by the anarchist movement. As Brian Morris argues, "when one examines the writings of classical anarchists. . . as well as the character of anarchist movements. . . it is clearly evident that it has never had this limited vision [of just being against the state]. It has always challenged all forms of authority and exploitation, and has been equally critical of capitalism and religion as it has been of the state." [Op. Cit., p. 40]
And, just to state the obvious, anarchy does not mean chaos nor do anarchists seek to create chaos or disorder. Instead, we wish to create a society based upon individual freedom and voluntary co-operation. In other words, order from the bottom up, not disorder imposed from the top down by A.1.2 What does "anarchism" mean?
To quote Peter Kropotkin, Anarchism is "the no-government system of socialism." [Kropotkin's Revolutionary Pamphlets, p. 46]. In other words, "the abolition of exploitation and oppression of man by man, that is the abolition of private property [i.e. capitalism] and government." [Errico Malatesta, "Towards Anarchism," in Man!, M. Graham (Ed), p. 75]
Anarchism, therefore, is a political theory that aims to create a society which is without political, economic or social hierarchies. Anarchists maintain that anarchy, the absence of rulers, is a viable form of social system and so work for the maximization of individual liberty and social equality. They see the goals of liberty and equality as mutually self-supporting. Or, in Bakunin's famous dictum:
"We are convinced that freedom without Socialism is privilege and injustice, and that Socialism without freedom is slavery and brutality." [The Political Philosophy of Bakunin, p. 269]
The history of human society proves this point. Liberty without equality is only liberty for the powerful, and equality without liberty is impossible and a justification for slavery.
While there are many different types of anarchism (from individualist anarchism to communist-anarchism -- see section A.3  for more details), there has always been two common positions at the core of all of them -- opposition to government and opposition to capitalism. In the words of the individualist-anarchist Benjamin Tucker, anarchism insists on "the abolition of the State and the abolition of usury; on no more government of man by man, and no more exploitation of man by man." [cited in Native American Anarchism - A Study of Left-Wing American Individualism by Eunice Schuster, p. 140] All anarchists view profit, interest and rent as usury (i.e. as exploitation) and so oppose them and the conditions that create them just as much as they oppose government and the State.
More generally, in the words of L. Susan Brown, the "unifying link" within anarchism "is a universal condemnation of hierarchy and domination and a willingness to fight for the freedom of the human individual." [The Politics of Individualism, p. 108] For anarchists, a person cannot be free if they are subject to state or capitalist authority.
So Anarchism is a political theory which advocates the creation of anarchy, a society based on the maxim of "no rulers." To achieve this, "[i]n common with all socialists, the anarchists hold that the private ownership of land, capital, and machinery has had its time; that it is condemned to disappear: and that all requisites for production must, and will, become the common property of society, and be managed in common by the producers of wealth. And. . . they maintain that the ideal of the political organization of society is a condition of things where the functions of government are reduced to minimum. . . [and] that the ultimate aim of society is the reduction of the functions of government to nil -- that is, to a society without government, to an-archy" [Peter Kropotkin, Op. Cit., p. 46]
Thus anarchism is both positive and negative. It analyses and critiques current society while at the same time offering a vision of a potential new society -- a society that fulfills certain human needs which the current one denies. These needs, at their most basic, are liberty, equality and solidarity, which will be discussed in section A.2 Anarchism unites critical analysis with hope, for, as Bakunin pointed out, "the urge to destroy is a creative urge." One cannot build a better society without understanding what is wrong with the present one.
Do you want to know more?

@_date: 2001-12-30 14:04:22
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hakim May "under suspicion" 
SAN DIEGO -- One balmy January evening just after the end of Ramadan, a Saudi graduate student named Omar Al-Bayoumi hosted a party to welcome a pair of recent arrivals into San Diego's large Muslim community.
The guests -- two dozen men to whom Al-Bayoumi had spread invitations at mosques around the city -- squeezed into the newcomers' first-floor garden apartment. They feasted on a whole baked lamb, a delicacy provided by their host, who circulated with a video camera.
And who were the polite young Saudis who'd moved to town? Nawaf Alhazmi and Khalid Almihdhar, two of the hijackers who would commandeer a commercial airliner and crash it into the Pentagon.
The party, held in the opening weeks of the new millennium, may be the most vivid of many moments during the past two years in which the Muslims of San Diego -- apparently unwittingly, with the possible exception of the party's host -- embraced two of the conspirators in the worst act of terrorism ever committed in the United States.
 From their arrival here in late 1999 until they departed a few months before the Sept. 11 attacks, Alhazmi and Almihdhar repeatedly enlisted help from San Diego's mosques and established members of its Islamic community. The terrorists leaned on them to find housing, open a bank account, obtain car insurance -- even, at one point, get a job.
In this way, San Diego is distinct from most other places in the country where the 19 hijackers prepared for the attacks. In Florida, New Jersey and suburban Washington, the terrorists operated on the margins, relying on cheap hotels and rented cars. Here, they burrowed in; Alhazmi was listed in the San Diego phone book.
Because the two hijackers forged such visible ties while they lived here, the southern edge of California has emerged as a focal point of the federal government's massive terrorism investigation. Six Middle Eastern men who have lived here have been detained, including college students and an engineer for the state's transportation agency. A seventh, Al-Bayoumi, 44, the party host,has been held by authorities in England, where he moved this In addition to these detentions, FBI agents have conducted "thousands of interviews" throughout the city, said William D. Gore, special agent in charge of the bureau's San Diego office. According to people who have been interviewed, investigators have scoured college campuses, shown up at Muslims' homes and workplaces and searched the financial records of at least one mosque the hijackers attended.This month,10 young adults from Middle Eastern countries were arrested here on alleged student visa violations, becoming the first to be charged in a new, nationwide crackdown.
The intensity of the investigation here makes San Diego a useful vantage point from which to glimpse the role and treatment of suspects who have been ensnared in the government's campaign of detentions, a campaign that hasput at least 1,200people in custody nationwide as the Bush administration tries to prevent further acts of terrorism.
So far, law enforcement officials have been reluctant to discuss what they are learning. Interviews with dozens of community members suggest that most of the men caught up in the probe in San Diego shared housing, work or prayer with one or both of the hijackers, but little else. It is from these connections that investigators have tried to fathom any deeper relationship between the community and the terrorists.
Regardless of whether such a relationship is found, the investigation has affected people in the community beyond those who have been detained. The FBI and local police say they are eager to cooperate with the Middle Eastern population, a diverse and largely suburban group that has grown to more than 100,000 over the past decade as waves of Somalis, Kurds and Christian Iraqis have settled alongside Afghans, Algerians, Iranians, Saudis and other earlier immigrants.
Nevertheless, Muslims say the climate since Sept. 11 has been hostile. Officials and faculty at local colleges say most students from Middle Eastern countries have dropped out and moved home. Attendance at mosques has dipped. Many devout Muslim women have stopped wearing head scarves, fearful of being conspicuous, and Christian Chaldeans who moved here from Iraq have begun to wear large crosses in public, to distinguish themselves from Muslims.
Such caution does not appear unwarranted. The San Diego police department lists 55 incidents so far that it considers retaliation for the Sept. 11 attacks. The Islamic Center of San Diego, the largest of the city's 15 mosques, was struck twice by paintballs. A few days later, someone tossed a small bomb wrapped with BBs out front, but it did not explode.
There is a paradox to the anger directed at San Diego's Muslims and to Alhazmi and Almihdhar's decision to mingle here: This Islamic community is relatively devoid of radicalism, of anti-Western feeling. "The rhetoric, the individuals talking about jihad . . . I think it is relatively low," said the FBI's Gore.
In fact, investigators believe that the community's very openness, its relaxed and diverse nature, made this city of sunshine and beaches hospitable terrain for two men in their mid-twenties with poor English and a lethal plan.
'They Shocked Me'
If Nawaf Alhazmi and Khalid Almihdhar betrayed no hint of their intentions, they also made no effort in San Diego to hide their presence.
Their first home here, the dwelling where the welcome party took place, was a carpeted, one-bedroom unit in the Parkwood Apartments, a complex in the city's Clairemont section that teems with students and other young Muslims. It is blocks from the Islamic Center.
It was atthe mosque that the pair noticed an ad posted by a retired educator from India who had decided to rent out rooms after he was divorced and his children were grown. In September 2000, the two young Saudis began paying $300 a month to share a bedroom in the house of Abdussattar Shaikh, a courtly man of 65 known as "the doctor" around Lemon Grove, a suburb east of the city in which he has lived for more than 20 years.
"They shocked me," Shaikh said, recalling the September day he heard on the radio that his former tenants had taken part in the attack on the Pentagon. "If I had any hint, I would have tipped off the authorities."
In the three months they lived with him, Shaikh said, they told him they were students who had come to learn English. But Alhazmi spoke little English, Almihdhar spoke none, and they seemed disinclined to practice, even when encouraged by Shaikh, who had run Montessori schools and academies for teaching English to foreigners before he retired. Because Shaikh is not fluent in Arabic, communications with the two Saudis were clumsy.
Their landlord was unaware that they took a few flight lessons and were asked to leave because of their lack of ability. They told him they were Bedouin, Arab people of the desert. Shaikh said they never ate at the kitchen table, but on the kitchen floor. The young men mainly hung around the house. They prayed. They did not watch television, read books or make phone calls from home. Nor did they speak of Middle Eastern politics.
But Alhazmi, in particular, asked Shaikh for help -- in composing a personal ad on the Internet for a Mexican bride who might be willing to convert to Islam, in opening an account to deposit $3,000 at the Bank of America's Lemon Grove branch, in shopping for used tires for a car he'd just bought. It was the Toyota Corolla that the hijackers of American Airlines Flight 77 would leave in a parking lot at Washington Dulles International Airport the morning they died.
An accommodating landlord was not the only thing the two hijackers found through the city's mosques.
 From another mosque, Masjid Ar-Ribat Al-Islami, Alhazmi got a recommendation for a job at a nearby Texaco station and car wash, a business whose former owner, a Muslim, was known to help young men in need of work. For a month, Alhazmi worked at minimum wage two days a week, vacuuming and drying cars.
"He was super nice. . . . He was always on time, which is important with me," said the manager at the time, who asked to be identified only by his first name, Ed. "He was a quiet guy, nice with customers."
And at the Islamic Center, the pair found an ad on a bulletin board that led them to the blue 1988 Corolla, which was being sold by Azzedine Abbadi, who lives a few blocks away. "He doesn't know them. He just sold a car," Abbadi's wife said.
After they bought the car, the hijackers yet again found what they needed. On Feb. 28, 2000, Almihdhar arrived at a branch of the Huggy Bear Insurance Agency, which advertises in the Yellow Pages that it welcomes customers with international driver's licenses.
When Almihdhar was asked for an address, he did not list his own, according to records provided by Ben Huggins, the company's owner. He gave Abbadi's.
A Social Host
Among the people who helped the San Diego hijackers, the one who seems to have done the most is Al-Bayoumi, the business student who orchestrated the welcoming party.
Exactly how Al-Bayoumi knew Alhazmi and Almihdhar remains obscure, but one San Diego source with strong ties to local Muslims said that Al-Bayoumi drove to Los Angeles late in 1999 to meet the two young men and "brought them down physically in his car."
The San Diego Union-Tribune has reported that Al-Bayoumi found and paid the rent for Alhazmi and Almihdhar's unit at the Parkwood Apartments, where he also lived at the time. A manager for the complex declined to comment. A spokeswoman for Parkwood did not return telephone messages.
Al-Bayoumi struck people as highly social. He attended many of the city's mosques and made a wide network of acquaintances. He identified himself as a graduate student, but people were unclear about what he was studying.
He somehow knew an affluent man in Saudi Arabia who in 1997 gave $545,000 to a group of poor Kurds in San Diego who wanted a larger building for their mosque. The benefactor gave the gift on the condition that Al-Bayoumi become the new building's maintenance manager, according to several people familiar with the transaction.
"He was a representative of the [donor]," said A. Halim Mostafa, a Kurd who has lived in San Diego for 23 years, owns a security business and was suspicious of the gift. "Why suddenly this money came, and this [Saudi] gentleman [Al-Bayoumi] entered the non-Arab [Kurdish] community?"
Earlier this year, Al-Bayoumi moved to Birmingham, England, with his wife and four children.
On Sept. 21, British authorities arrived at his door. After taking Al-Bayoumi to a West London police station, investigators took control of his house and another one where he had lived in recent months, next door to a Birmingham mosque. They ripped up floorboards, excavated the gardens and dismantled a picket fence to dig beneath the posts. Neighbors watched as police carried away plastic bags filled with unspecified evidence and hauled away his aging silver BMW.
But Al-Bayoumi was released after a week, the maximum permitted under Britain's anti-terrorism law. He remains in Birmingham today. Soft-spoken, wearing a wool sweater and jeans, he was working on a research paper earlier this month in a tidy 12th-floor office at Aston University's business school.
He declined to discuss whether he paid for the hijackers' first San Diego apartment or why he gave them a party. "I can't talk about the situation," he said in flawless English. "If you need anything, call my embassy. I don't have anything to hide."
Asked whether his difficulties with the British authorities were through, he replied: "I'm not sure. I haven't any clue."
It is unclear whether Al-Bayoumi has been rearrested. A week ago, British authorities detained eight foreigners under a strict, new anti-terrorism law. Sources said the arrests included two people in Birmingham, but several law enforcement and immigration agencies refused to confirm whether Al-Bayoumi was among them.
In any case, Al-Bayoumi's material and legal circumstances for most of the past few months appear far more comfortable than those of the men who have been detained in the United States as part of the San Diego investigation.
Some Detainees Charged
For the most part, these other detainees appear to have been connected to Alhazmi and Almihdhar inadvertently, by a web of overlapping addresses and work. Like detainees elsewhere in the country, they have been charged with immigration violations and, in a few instances, criminal offenses unrelated to terrorism. But there is no clear correlation between their proximity to the hijackers and how long they've been held.
The engineer for the California Department of Transportation, Zineddine Tirouda, 37, lived in the same apartment complex as Al-Bayoumi but never met him, according to Tirouda's lawyer, Kenneth Luis Chapman. Omar Bakarbashat, 28, a college student from Yemen, worked at the same Texaco station as Alhazmi and -- months after the hijackers left -- rented a room in Shaikh's house. Another Yemeni student, Ramez Noaman, 27, also roomed with Shaikh after the terrorists did.
Now, Tirouda has been charged with conspiring to obtain a false U.S. passport. U.S. officials have charged Bakarbashat with overstaying his student visa, misusing immigration documents and Social Security fraud. Noaman was arrested near Los Angeles and held in New York for two weeks as a material witness. All three were unavailable for interviews; attorneys said they had no role in the plot.
The other detainees, however, had slightly closer interactions with the Yazeed Al-Salmi, 23, is a Saudi student who also briefly lived with Shaikh

@_date: 2001-12-30 14:23:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: From Argentina to Anarchia! 
A leading official in the new administration of Argentina's interim President Adolfo Rodriguez Saa resigned early today following massive street protests that erupted in the centre of the capital.
Police used tear gas and high-pressure water to disperse thousands of protesters who gathered at the the Plaza de Mayo, in front of the presidential palace, demanding the resignation of top government officials accused of corruption in past governments.
On December 20 mass protests at the Plaza de Mayo led to the toppling of former president Fernando de la Rua, who was replaced days later by interim President Adolfo Rodriguez Saa.
Carlos Grosso, a chief presidential aide resigned hours after the the protests started.
Presidential adviser Luis Lusquinos confirmed to reporters early today that Rodriguez Saa had accepted Grosso's resignation.
Grosso was one of the least popular figures named to the new government because of alleged corruption while he served as mayor of Buenos Aires during the presidency of former president Carlos Menem.
Late yesterday and early today thousands of demonstrators across the capital spontaneously took to the streets, banging on pots and pans to protest the incorporation of allegedly corrupt officials into government, as well as continued limits on withdrawing of money from bank accounts.
Argentines are angry because the new government has maintained limits on cash withdrawals from the banks to 1,000 pesos (dollars) a month.
Officials also announced that once the restrictions are lifted, term deposits will paid out in the new currency - called argentinos - that has depreciated even before it hits the streets, further adding to public   and argentina IMC,narconews. for more on...

@_date: 2001-12-30 14:27:16
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Lock and Load High School 
DENVER (AP) - The family of slain Columbine student Daniel Rohrbough claims a Denver police officer killed the boy as he fled the massacre inside the A motion filed Wednesday in federal court said Sgt. Dan O'Shea, a member of the SWAT team during the April 20, 1999, shootings, was identified through testimony by a school administrator, Celine Marquez, who said O'Shea told her two days after the shooting that he feared he may have shot an innocent The motion asks a judge to reconsider the dismissal of a lawsuit brought against the Jefferson County school district and sheriff's office.
Brian Rohrbough has long claimed his son was shot by a lawman rather than by one of the student gunmen firing from inside the school because of the angle of his fatal chest wound. In all, 12 students and one teacher at Columbine High School in Littleton, a Denver suburb, were killed before attackers Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold killed themselves.
According to the motion, O'Shea's handwritten police report stated he shot a 9 mm machine gun from the base of a hill on which Rohrbough was shot and killed. Rohrbough's wounds were consistent with the student facing downhill and O'Shea firing from below, the motion said.
The court papers said Marquez was visiting Westridge Elementary School on April 22, 1999, when she encountered O'Shea, whose daughter attended preschool at Westridge.
According to the motion, Marquez thanked O'Shea for responding to the attack at Columbine. O'Shea broke down crying, saying he had thought he might have mistakenly shot an innocent student, the motion said. He told her he was relieved to learn that ballistics tests showed none of the victims had been struck by police bullets, it said.
Lawyer Barry Arrington, who represents the Rohrboughs, said Wednesday that in fact, ballistics tests on the bullets had not been started when O'Shea spoke to Marquez. "Someone told Sgt. O'Shea a grievous lie," he said.
O'Shea could not be reached for comment Wednesday, the Rocky Mountain News and The Denver Post reported. Denver Deputy Police Chief Dave Abrams said Wednesday that he was unaware of the accusation against O'Shea.
"I think it's unlikely," he said. "I would seriously doubt it."
The motion also accuses Sheriff John Stone and his department of making 29 "blatant, bald-faced lies" about the investigation, including initially identifying a bullet recovered from Rohrbough's body as one from Klebold's Brian Rohrbough said he didn't know about Marquez's story until a few days before a federal judge dismissed all but one of the Columbine wrongful-death suits last month. After the ruling, he asked Marquez if she would give a statement.
Marquez said she frequently told the story of her meeting with O'Shea, and "I felt I was relaying a hero's story."
According to the motion, sheriff's deputy Jim Taylor said that a Denver police officer was near him in the lower student parking lot during the massacre and that he remembers hearing machine gun fire and seeing a boy, later identified as Daniel Rohrbough, get shot.

@_date: 2001-12-30 16:08:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Mini me Memo to Dr Evil 
Gonzo Marketing
Winning Through Worst Practices
Christopher Locke
0-7382-0408-0 | Avail 2001-09-21 | Hardcover | 256 pages | $25.00 | Business & Management
Ladies and gentlemen, please return your tray tables to the fully upright and locked position, suspend your disbelief and put on your tinfoil pyramid hats. We are now entering [cue lights, cue music] the Brand Dimension!
Gonzo Marketing is a knuckle-whitening ride to the place where social criticism, biting satire, and serious commerce meetand where the outdated ideals of mass marketing and broadcast media are being left in the dust. As master of ceremonies at the wake for traditional one-size-fits-all marketing, Locke has assembled a unique guest list, from Geoffrey Chaucer to Hunter S. Thompson, to guide us through the revolution that is rocking business today, as people connect on the Web to form powerful micromarkets. These networked communities, based on candor, trust, passion, and a general disdain for anything that smacks of corporate smugness, reflect much deeper trends in our culture, which Locke illuminates with his characteristic wit.
Just as gonzo journalism arose in response to objective news standards that claimed to foster fairness but in practice discouraged writers from speaking their minds in their own voices, so too does gonzo marketing call for a similar response to assumptions about consumer behavior that no longer relate to how people actually live their lives.
Gonzo Marketing is not yet-another nostrum for hoodwinking the unwary. Its about market advocacy. It describes how the artist formerly known as advertising must do a 180. Its about transforming the marketing message from we want your money to we share your interests. Its about tapping into, listening to, and even forming alliances with emerging on-line markets, who probably know more about your company than you do. Its a hip-hop cover of boring old best practices played backwards. The paradox is that companies that support and promote these communities can have everything theyve always wanted: greater market share, customer loyalty, brand equity.
Irreverent, penetrating, profoundly simple, and on-the-money, Gonzo Marketing is the raucous wake-up that no one interested in any aspect of twenty-first century businessfrom the trading floor right up to the boardroomcan afford to ignore.
Chris Locke is co-author of The Cluetrain Manifesto, president of Entropy Web Consulting, and editor/publisher of the widely acclaimed and justly infamous webzine, Entropy Gradient Reversals. He has worked for Fujitsu, Ricoh, the Japanese governments Fifth Generation artificial intelligence project, Carnegie Mellon Universitys Robotics Institute, CMP Publications, Mecklermedia, MCI, and IBM. Named in a 2001 Financial Times Group survey as one of the top 50 business thinkers in the world, he has written for a wide variety of business and technology publications, including Forbes, The Industry Standard, Information Week, Harvard Business Review, and Release 1.0. He lives in Boulder, Colorado.
He can be reached at clocke at panix.com.

@_date: 2001-12-30 17:14:58
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Bubblegum Crisis 2040 
Abhorrent markets may arise. For example, anonymous systems and untraceable digital cash have some obvious implications for the arranging of contract killings and such. (The greatest risk in arranging such hits is that physical meetings expose the buyers and sellers of such services to stings. Crypto anarchy lessens, or even eliminates, this risk, thus lowering transaction costs. The risks to the actual triggermen are not lessened, but this is a risk the buyers need not worry about. Think of anonymous escrow services which hold the digital money until the deed is done. Lots of issues here. It is unfortunate that this area is so little-discussed....people seem to have an aversion for exploring the logical consequences in such areas.)
Can crypto anarchy be stopped? Although the future evolution in unclear, as the future almost always is, it seems unlikely that present trends can be Dramatic increases in bandwidth and local, privately-owned computer power.
Exponential increase in number of Net users.
Explosion in "degrees of freedom" in personal choices, tastes, wishes, goals.
Inability of central governments to control economies, cultural trends, etc. [9]
The Net is integrally tied to economic transactions, and no country can afford to "disconnect" itself from it. (The U.S.S.R. couldn't do it, and they were light-years behind the U.S., European, and Asian countries. And in a few more years, no hope of limiting these tools at all, something the U.S. F.B.I. has acknowledged. [11]
Technological Inevitability: These tools are already in widespread use, and only draconian steps to limit access to computers and communications channels could significantly impact further use. (Scenarios for restrictions on private use of crypto.)
As John Gilmore has noted, "the Net tends to interpret censorship as damage, and routes around it." This applies as well to attempts to legislate behavior on the Net. (The utter impossibility of regulating the worldwide Net, with entry points in more than a hundred nations, with millions of machines, is not yet fully recognized by most national governments. They still speak in terms of "controlling" the Net, when in fact the laws of one nation generally have little use in other countries.)
And as for a camera-filled society, Brin spins out a more positive possible future, one already hinted at by the real-life furor surrounding the videotape of the Rodney King beating. "Imagine how the social climate of our inner cities will change," he says, "when both the cops and ghetto youths carry around cheap little shoulder-mounted TV cameras, monitoring their encounters in real time. Conviction rates may go up, while illegal rousting and hassling of the innocent will certainly go down. Accountability goes both ways."
Brin's on such a roll it seems a shame to point out that cameras only have power when accompanied by the political and social will to act on the information they record. Despite the infamous King videotape, the Simi Valley jury still acquitted the accused officers.
But the one thing that freedom needs to survive--and without which it must fail--is accountability. In other words, the answer is not masks. It is light. Not armor plate, but the light saber."
Brin's espousal of openness and corporate accountability also put him at odds with the "techno-libertarian" ethos so prevalent among other science-fiction and technology writers such as George Gilder and techie organs like Wired magazine.
"Today, we have as many bright young libertarians who believe passionately in the mystical power of the market as [there were] bright young college graduates transfixed by the persuasive mantras of Marxism in the 1930s," Brin says. "Each generation has to learn the hard way that no ideology can describe complex human beings, who are both cooperative and competitive by In a similar vein, it would seem that the tug-of-war between privacy and openness needn't be an all-or-nothing matter, at least not in a society where citizens clamor for "call return" features on their phones (a perfect real-world example of Mutual Transparency) while simultaneously asking to have unlisted numbers.
"When given a choice between privacy and accountability," observes Brin, "most people tend to choose privacy for themselves and accountability for David Brin has a lot to say and says it discursively, but he's done his homework--dipping into an impressive range of social science, philosophical, crytographic, and technical literature--thought carefully, marshalled compelling arguments seasoned with humor and bright metaphors, and, as a result, is worth listening to, arguing with, or simply pondering. The Transparent Society works out, with much supporting detail, ideas about secrecy and privacy first raised in Brin's magisterial novel, Earth, and does so in a civilizational context. I risk doing Brin and his book grave injustice by oversimplifying, but let me say Brin views "accountability" and "criticism" as central to the progress of neo-Western civilization (fight the power!) and further posits that criticism works very like T-cells in an immune system, providing (to a greater and greater extent as the collective grows in knowledge) autonomous and impersonal correctives against all manner of "error." Brin argues for greater informational transparency--almost total disclosure--observing that, if universal surveillance cameras and other snoop technologies are inevitable (and they almost certainly are), then a generalized oversight capability, or a mutual surveillance capacity (in other words, my ability to watch the government with the same technologies that the government can watch me) is the answer to the classic question, quis custodiet ipsos custodes (who shall guard the guardians?)? In short, we all will. Brin's ingenious argumentation may strike some readers as cavalier or reductionist. It's not. It's serious and is, moreover, and a serious response to flamewar proponents of "encryption as the answer" to the privacy dilemmas of the wired age
Suppose that the cost of surveillance technology continues to fall. What are our options?
(a) try to ban certain types of surveillance technologies altogether
(b) try to restrict surveillance technologies so that "we" have it but "they" don't
(c) try to escape surveillance technology by using encryption
(d) try to encourage broad access to surveillance technology
David Brin argues persuasively that (d) is the least problematic solution. The other strategies are both more difficult to execute and less likely to produce a desirable outcome. For example, with (c) you have the problem that encryption may not be perfectly reliable. Moreover, even if you can encrypt your bits, you cannot encrypt your atoms. So you still may be subject to surveillance by a network of cameras, by centralized databases, etc.
The greatest strength of the book is the way that Brin analyzes the situation from the perspective of different opponents to his position. The greatest weakness is that he rarely delves into details about how to implement his overall recommendation. What incentives need to be created? How do laws need to be changed, etc.? He offers hints, and occasional examples, but leaves a lot out.
The relevance of this book has increased dramatically as a result of the terrorist attacks of September 11. For example, on p. 320 there is this "Terrorists operate under cloaks of anonymity and secrecy...This is especially true of their concealed finances...the real impulse to force them open may only come after some band of terrorists manages to kill What Brin advocates is not a stronger police state but a more open system that allows any citizen to trace how money flows. Thus, although he would agree with the national security establishment that secret bank accounts are a problem, he would part ways with the establishment in that he would not give the police special privileges to examine bank transactions. Instead, he would expose such transactions to anyone.
This is just one of many interesting ideas in this provocative book
This is a great book. Its well researched and takes issues a step further for analysis. But, I do think that some of his solutions will not work in the real world.
The basic premise of the book is that privacy and freedom are not 2 sides of the same coin. He goes on to explain, giving various examples, that if we lose our freedom, we will have no privacy left to defend. But, if we have our freedom, we will be in a position to demand some privacy.
His solution is to have complete transparency i.e. shine the light in both the directions...from the govt. towards the people and vice versa. He explains how this will work wonders and solve various problems and he analyzes each problem in detail. Although he has suggestions on how to do it, he does NOT have any concrete method to make the govt or other power houses to be accountable. Thats where accountability and transparency fail.(+ APster succeeds)

@_date: 2001-12-30 19:43:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Old Hobbits die hard. 
Josi Bovi
A French farmer who dismantled a McDonalds
By Florence Williams, Outside
The accused threads his way up the steps of the stone Palais de Justice in
the ancient French city of Montpellier. He has receding sandy hair and a
comically long walrus mustache, wears a little yellow neck scarf, and
clutches a pipe. Muscular young activists in yellow T-shirts escort him
past dozens of aggressive TV cameramen, all jockeying for a better angle.
Halfway up the stairs, the defendant turns, smiles into the cameras, and
gazes over the several hundred protesters gathered on the street below. He
gives a thumbs-up and pumps his fist. The crowd goes wild. Their hero is,
with the possible exception of President Jacques Chirac, Frances most
famous political personality. His name is Josi Bovi. He makes cheese.
It is the morning of February 15, 2001, and Bovi, 47, and his nine
(virtually unnoticed) co-defendants are appealing their sentences for
criminal vandalism convictions, charges resulting from a 1999 protest in
which a McDonalds under construction just outside the farming village of
Millau was disassembled, bolt by bolt, and carted away. Bovi, sentenced to
three months in prison, is unapologetic. He took apart the McDonalds to
protest American imperialism, its trade policies, and the general, noxious
spread of malbouffe. Malbouffe, Bovi has said, "implies eating any old
thing, prepared in any old way . . . both the standardization of food like
McDonaldsthe same taste from one end of the world to the otherand the
choice of food associated with the use of hormones and GMOs [genetically
modified organisms], as well as the residues of pesticides and other things
that can endanger health."
Read more

@_date: 2001-12-30 20:01:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: LA Law. 
Nic Clyde and Stuart Lennox flew out of Australia yesterday in time for a New Year's Eve party in Los Angeles. But unlike other revellers, few at the party will be making plans for 2002.
The two Australians, along with 13 other Greenpeace activists, face an uncertain future. On January 8, they front a federal court jury in Los Angeles charged with felonies, one of which carries a maximum jail term of six years.
In July, the FBI arrested the activists and two freelance journalists after they delayed the test of the Bush administration's controversial Star Wars anti-missile defence system. Opponents of the system claim it will increase the likelihood of nuclear war.
They were charged with conspiring to violate a safety zone and entering a military zone without permission after swimmers on boogie boards went ashore at the Vandenberg Airforce Base in California. The US coastguard chased other activists in inflatable dinghies.
Mr Clyde, 32, who is on bail but was allowed home for Christmas, said the last few days had been stressful.
"I don't know how long it's going to be before I see my family and friends again," he said. "I guess I'm psychologically preparing for the eye of the storm in LA."
Mr Lennox, 43, has also been preparing for his time away from Australia. Christmas was "a quiet day", during which he "cleared stuff away" at his home in Murdunna, near Port Arthur.
He said it was "a difficult time", because he was unable to meet up with his partner, who is in Japan.
Mr Clyde's brother, Ian, a Melbourne lawyer with experience in human rights law, said his family supported his brother's stance but were worried about his future.
"It upsets and distresses us that Nic might have to languish for months in a penitentiary, simply for a peaceful protest," he said.
Ian Clyde, who along with other family members has written letters to federal politicians to highlight the men's plight, believes the charges are disproportionate to the men's actions.
"It seems to me very unlikely that if the shoe was on the other foot, and it was a bunch of Americans who were conducting these sorts of protests over something we were doing, I very much doubt that we would have treated the Americans in the same way," he said.
He said it is difficult to predict the outcome of the trial because of the political climate in the US following the September 11 terrorist attacks.
The trial was originally set for November 20, but was delayed because defence lawyers believed it may have been difficult to obtain a fair hearing. It is widely seen as a test of how the US now responds to civil Despite their arrest, the pair said they had been buoyed by support from the leader of the Greens, Bob Brown, who drafted a Senate motion earlier this year urging the men's speedy return to Australia. The ALP and Democrats supported the motion. The Catholic Bishop of Canberra, Pat Power, and trade unions have also offered support.
The men remain committed to protesting against the use of nuclear weapons.
Mr Lennox, a Greenpeace activist for more than 10 years, said while he was in California he visited a Buddhist temple on Hiroshima Day and was struck by the message contained in a survivor's story.
"She said, 'I'm going to die soon. It's up to you people to make sure this doesn't happen (again)'," Mr Lennox said.
The trial is expected to last about four weeks.
 Photo.

@_date: 2001-12-30 22:39:43
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: A bad man...but a greek! 
ANARCHY NEWS SITE FROM GREECE (english)
by ANARCHOPUNK 7:18pm Sat Dec 29 '01
redblackflag at yahoo.gr
ANARCHY SITE
ANARCHY SITE FROM GREECE WITH NEWS ,PHOTO AND MP3
Selection and the systematic search of data bases
by thomas meyer-falk 11:26am Sun Dec 30 '01
Selection and the systematic search of data bases called
after September 11th
In the German language there are certain terms with a negative
"Selection" is one of them. In the Nazi empire from 1933 to 1945, for
instance, the medical doctor, Mengele, made a "selection" at the ramp
of the
concentration camp Auschwitz. He separated people into several groups.
group consisted of people who were to be killed immediately, another
with people who were "allowed" to live on for some time, yet another
was made up of people destined to become victims of his "experiments".
selections are taking place again!
In the context of the so-called "Rasterfahndung", the systematic search
certain data bases, e. g. at registration offices and universities, the
local court of D|sseldorf gave certain "criteria for the selection of
people": male, birth date between October 1st, 1960, and October 1st,
birth name, first name, etc.
The author of this small article was registered at a comprehensive
university in the district of this court from 1993 to 1998, so he
against the decision of the court, because in his opinion his data was
the business of the police and secret service offices. According to the
decision, all universities were forced to hand out their data on all
and former students who were born between 1960 and 1983.
Instead of objectively contradicting the political arguments of the
complainer, who argued, for example, that there was no real danger
justifying this spying on data in the least, and that the Pentagon and
WTC had been attacked, not the Federal Republic of Germany, the federal
court of D|sseldorf [a court on a higher level than the local court]
followed the absurd "arguments" given by the police president (decision
on October 30th, AZ 25T 874/01). On page 4 of the decision it says:
"There is a current danger for the security of the State and the
states. A danger is current when the damaging event has already
started, or
when the disturbance will start with an almost certain probability in
near future. This assumption is justified due to the attacks of
11th and the reactions to this event. This is obvious already due to
fact that the German government has repeatedly announced unlimited
solidarity, including military means, with the steps taken by the
In this case the collection of data was allowed and a complaint against
denied without giving even a small hint how this measure should help to
alleged "sleepers". On the contrary - all students, non-Germans and
are put under a general suspicion; the fact of having been student is
already enough to be selected!
Many decades ago Orwell had published his vision in the novel "1984" -
reality of today is orientated along those lines. If you behave
unconspicuously, you are under suspicion - and if you attract
attention, you
are under suspicion anyway. The police state is not at the door - it is
right in our homes!
No to the police state! No to observance! No to the "Rasterfahndung"!
For a free and just world! Viva la Anarchie!
Thomas Meyer-Falk, z.Zt. JVA -Zelle 3117,
Schvnbornstra_e 32, D-76646 Bruchsal, Germany
On  or near this day.1835 -- US: Treaty of New Echota signed by Cherokee,
agreeing to move beyond the Mississippi River. Leads
to Trail of Tears & several thousand Cherokee deaths.
1890 -- US: Wounded Knee Massacre of Oglala Sioux,
Pine Ridge, South Dakota. 300 mostly unarmed Indians
killed when the 7th Cavalry (Custer's old command)
discharges artillery amidst women, children, &
fleeing men. 29 soldiers die in this final major military
battle in genocide against Native Americans. 18
soldiers get Congressional Medals of Honor for their
"Any white person who brought the
element of civilization had the right to
take over this continent."
 Ayn Rand,
Four days after
Christmas...the soldiers
riddle women, children, &
the few men with bullets
like so many buffaloes.
The blizzard strikes the
dead & freezes them on
the snow.
1910 -- Mexico: The anarchist Praxedis Gilberto
Guerrero is killed after leading a small band in
capturing the town of Janos. Now has a city named
for him.
"The PIONEER has before declared that
our only safety depends upon the total
extermination [sic] of the Indians.
Having wronged them for centuries we
had better, in order to protect our
civilization, follow it up by one more
wrong & wipe these untamed & untamable
creatures from the face of the earth. "
L. Frank Baum, Publisher & editor of
"The Aberdeen Saturday Pioneer", & later
author of the Wizard of Oz books.

@_date: 2001-12-31 00:49:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: jamesd,Tim Mays lying black dog. 
CommieRot! (english)
by James 8:00pm Mon Sep 3 '01
Anarchists killed more people in Spain than pinochet in Post cut.
Yeah, but... (english)
by Superguy 10:50pm Mon Sep 3 '01
...anarchists only killed bad people.
on James and the Spanish Anarchists (english)
by anarcho 1:36am Tue Sep 4 '01
anarcho at geocities.com
James (who I imagine is that wonderfully inventive liar James Donald
of Usenet infamy) provides a url in which he "exposes" Spanish
Anarchism. The following URLs are in reply to such claims:
This is a direct reply to James webpages:
This is a more detailed reply to another such attack:
I will leave it up to the reader to consult the all URLs and
leave it to them to discover who is telling the truth.
Readers may be interested in the following URL which
refutes James Donald's infamously inaccurate and
dishonest diatribes against Noam Chomsky
these urls will indicate to the reader exactly what "James" is

@_date: 2001-12-31 01:54:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: BlackNet customers/suppliers needed.  
>>Why should I feel guilt over what previous generations have done? Insects do it, birds do it, mammals do it and people do it. Even dolphins, the breeding heart liberals favourite, kill their competitors. Cro-Magnon man displaced Neanderthal man, where do we draw the line? My Romanian relatives had their land taken from them by Ukranian imperialists, within the last 100 years, why can't I make a claim? <<
Guilts not called for,blacknet (and other) direct action is called for.You could make a claim with APster against paticular Imperialists,Ill contribute.Dolphins rape and Kill,so what? We draw the line with crypto-friggen-anarchy,blacknet and APster (see the Cyphernomicon and  >>The Canadian government abuses all of their citizens, why should aboriginal people of today get special treatment? The Canadian government doesn't appear to be any worse than the US or Australian governments, or for that matter any other government. <<
Govts days are numbered,Crypto-anarchy is coming,haven't you heard? REAL Anarchy.(see assassination politics)
 >>I never thought this list was a home for the bleeding heart liberal tree hugger crowd. <<
It aint,goose.I was a tree climber/feller for 15 years.I never thought this list was a home for the lunar right.Left wing or right wing its the same dirty bird,watch for claws and droppings.

@_date: 2001-12-31 14:38:45
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tear Gas:Is there are chemist in the house? 
Protestors need a plan for dealing with tear gas (english)
by Meadow McBride 12:29pm Sun Dec 30 '01 (Modified on 5:58pm Sun Dec 30 '01)
Call for ideas on how to deal with tear gas attacks in an organized manner.
It seems to me that protestors need a way to deal with the inevitable onslaught of tear gas in a more effective manner. I remember a protestor from Seattle telling me he was able to kick the canister that was emitting the gas back into the direction of the police. It seems to me that if a least a tiny proportion of protestors had access to gas masks, they could be spread amongst the crowd to take quick action against the canisters. Do any people have ideas on what action might be taken to neutralize the canisters? (immersing them in water, for example)
add your own comments
solution (english)
by j 12:51pm Sun Dec 30 '01
canisters get really hot, so wear leather gloves and throw em back.
chemistry (english)
by mark 1:12pm Sun Dec 30 '01
any chemists here?
i assume a solution of some sort would neutralize it?
and we could make our own water cannonish things to distribute said magic Revolutionary Anarchist Bucket Brigade (english)
by Anonymous 1:31pm Sun Dec 30 '01
Everyone should bring a five-gallon bucket. They can decorate them in various ways, use them as drums, etc. When the canisters fly, just cover them with the buckets.
Beat them in their own game (english)
by Freedom Fighters 1:36pm Sun Dec 30 '01
Bring your Super Soaker. And let it rain water balloons instead of stones. If they fire the water cannon, let's make it a fight that all sides can enjoy ;-D
Caution (english)
by drew 1:38pm Sun Dec 30 '01
My cousin is a medic at mass protests, the most common injury he sees is burn marks from kids picking up canisters and throwing them back. They get to very hot temps. Unless you have proper equipment don't risk it to throw them back.
Go to the local army surplus store and pick up a few old gas masks, then get some tough gloves.
gloves (english)
by Sean 2:03pm Sun Dec 30 '01
instead of leather gloves maybe oven mits will work and it wont involve sacrificing an animal.
stress preparidness (english)
by mike mcgregor 2:12pm Sun Dec 30 '01
address: aZZZZZZZZuijrdcftyui phone: 555 5555 129311011 at loyalistc.on.ca
i think the best way for us to deal with tear gas collectivly, is to stress preparidness. encourage people to pick up gas masks, resperator masks, ski goggles, swim goggles, dive masks, an at the very least, bandannas. we should also stress decontamination teqniques in the feild such as MOFBA and LAW and make sure that at least one person in each affinty group knows these procedures. finally, we should spread the message that the effects of tear gas are temporary, minor, and that we are strong.
Don't pick them up! (english)
by cedd 2:30pm Sun Dec 30 '01
Don't pick the heck up those canisters, a fireman did so a fw years ago here (France) during a protest. He was wearing his full fire suit(sp?) and gloves. No need to describe how thick the thinggie can be, their gear is up to par with the one you see US firemen wear in the movies from Hollywood we know and love (grin).
Well, he lost his hand when the canister exploded (or what's the word?) while he held it in his fist. The guy will be permanently disabled now.
Cannot contribute anything useful to the discussion I'm afraid aprt that.. especially as I'm really inexperienced.. but maybe in the classical RPG lingo, I'd say "favor speed over attack and defense", ie be more mobile than them robocops, move to another street if one
is gased.. maybe.
Bring a baseball bat... (english)
by Daniel Warner 2:50pm Sun Dec 30 '01
...And when they pitch the canisters, hit a homerun.
Lemon juice (english)
by ardisson 3:10pm Sun Dec 30 '01
Breath in half a lemon through a bandana. It neutralizes the gas but keep you one hand busy holding the lemon. It's one of the best mean I know.
prepare (english)
by anarcho 3:36pm Sun Dec 30 '01
It's all well & good to bring your own gas mask etc, i always carry one to protests (2 in fact)... But remeber not everyone read indymedia nor makes a habit out of protesting and hence are likely to be unprepared for tear gas Collect large amounts of bandanas, carry them soaked in lemon juice or vinegar, whichever you prefer, and have them on hand to give away to people
Make little leaflets to give away at protests on how to deal with tear gas, its effects, first aid etc etc
Bring lots and lots of water, more than what you need for yourself since many wont have brought any.
Have on hand stuff like saline solution or whatever it is
Stuff like that, what is important is not just how you deal with tear gas yourself. Having a gas mask is all good but it aint really that worthwhile if the whole crowd is without any protection and hence the protest is broken anyway. It's of course comforting and goo dto have your own, but what is best if if those around you can stand up to the tear gas with you and tear gas does not disperse teh corwd.
So yes, buckets, barrels, even pots & pans & bins to cover the canisters. And yeah thick thick gloves so you dont burn yourself throwing them back. And kicking works.
Take care all, have fun and i think mostly education is what maybe works best, if people know that they wont suddenly keel over & die when they get gassed then there just may be that slightly less element of panic, if people know what the gas is gunna do to em rather than have it come as an ever ruder shock than it already is, then it's far less likley that things will descend into total panic etc
long prongs (english)
by tim 3:51pm Sun Dec 30 '01
if you use a pair of long prongs(4-6ft), made of wood, metal or something, hinge it at the middle, and set it up so you can grab the canister and fling it back.
just a quick idea.
contact lenses (english)
by me 4:21pm Sun Dec 30 '01
while we're on the subject, i've heard that tear gas does really nasty things if you're wearing contact lenses - as a result i've worn my glasses in the past but i'd rather not risk them getting broken & stuff if i didn't need to. does anyone know anything about this?
Or maybe a hockey stick (english)
by P-Luck 4:57pm Sun Dec 30 '01
p-luck at redblackflag.ca.tc
We've seen many new tactics to deal with tear gas. In Quebec City, people brought buckets, baseball bats and also hockey sticks to throw the canisters back to the cops. And like many of us know, don't pick up the cans unless you have good gloves. You can buy construction gloves, they are very cheap and offers great protection.
question about paint inhalators (english)
by marco 5:58pm Sun Dec 30 '01
cuito61 at hotmail.com
are the paint inhalators, coupled with a good airtight pair of goggles, as good as a gas mask? you know, the ones you could buy in the hardware store that you see people wear sometimes when they have to do heavy-duty

@_date: 2001-12-31 14:52:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Testing nerve gas in OZ. 
Secret nerve gas project
By COLIN JAMES
AUSTRALIAN defence scientists conducted top-secret experiments with nerve gas during the British atomic tests in the 1950s, classified documents show.
The chemical warfare program included Maralinga, where investigations were undertaken on the contamination of water supplies by nerve gas and nuclear Documents also show Australian scientists closely monitored a US project in which human volunteers were used to test a pill to treat the effects of The US scientists earlier developed a kit they claimed would make water contaminated with radiation safe for drinking within 15 minutes.
The top-secret memorandums reveal the Australian Army wanted scientists to investigate how water supplies could be decontaminated during nuclear and chemical warfare.
Nuclear test veterans seeking compensation said yesterday the documents raised new questions about the nature of the British nuclear tests in Long-term campaigner Avon Hudson, of Balaklava in South Australia, said the documents proved the tests went beyond the explosion of nuclear devices at Maralinga, Emu Field and the Montebello Islands off Western Australia.
"These documents are the only ones we have ever seen which show that chemical warfare was part of the whole program," he said.
"This has never come out before and the question has to be asked about what else they (the British and Australian governments) have been hiding for all these years.
"There must be other files somewhere which would reveal exactly what was going on in terms of chemical and biological warfare, but where they are now is anybody's guess."
The memorandums issued from the Defence Standards Laboratories detail how the Victorian facility began experiments with nerve gas in 1957, with further work on the decontamination of water supplies beginning in 1959.
One document says the nerve gas experiments were overseen by a Dr J. Tregellas-Williams, whose "initial work is being concentrated on a study of the hydrolysis of nerve gas GB at various PH".
The memorandum says scientist Dr P.W. Bowe began work on the contamination of water supplies by nerve gas and nuclear devices in May, 1959. He had "discussions with various army personnel and has visited Maralinga" to "gain an appreciation of the problem".END.
Aum Shrinko sect from japan tested Sarin on a sheep farm they owned in WA,several years back.PR.

@_date: 2001-12-31 15:46:55
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Prime rib with Giblet gravy 
Police demand email surrender.Proffr demands presidential assassination.
DECEMBER 27, 2001
A US MAN accused of sending harassing emails to an American police department has been told to surrender - via email.
Police in Rowlett, Texas, informed John Germer, 38, that a warrant had been issued for his arrest on a misdemeanor harassment charge.
Police said an attorney representing Germer called them a short time later to ask how and when Germer could surrender.
As part of an agreement between police and Germer's attorney, the department agreed to withhold prosecution if Germer completes counselling therapy and agrees in writing to use his real name in any more communications with the department.
The emails, which began in April, were sent to police and some city employees, including the mayor. The sender used the name "Giblet Gravy".
Police turned to Hotmail to track down the sender.
Authorities initially ignored the emails, which they described as annoying, harassing and sometimes vulgar.
But the number of incidents picked up in November and that led to a formal

@_date: 2001-12-31 16:24:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Bill gates and Tim May need killing 
Liars,cheats and bullies never prosper,or do they? This fine pair sure seem to.Sometimes we shoot for the moon and do those other things not because its easy...but because its hard.Its time for a new generation of crypto-anarchists to ask not what freenets can do for me but what I can do for freenets.
We have irrefutable evidence that gates and May are capitalist robber barons intent on preserving hegemony even after collapse of govts.These corporate criminals live holed up in heavily armed and surveilled compounds yet at some point every scummy little crook has to come out from under their rock.Even if like BG,its to promise to give back some minuscule fraction of what he stole.Is there any evidence that the wealth they accumulated showered down as a result of their intrinsic worth?The sheer quality of their contributions? Read them both and make up your own mind.Some minor stuff here and there,not enough to save them,simply enough to show that even the worst humans that ever lived had at least one faintly redeeming feature hidden somewhere.
The only interesting thing now about the certain fate of these 2 is if they realize how close to  death they are and run.I hear there are some empty caves available in afghanistan.The APster justice posse will still find and destroy them.
-----BEGIN GEEK CODE BLOCK-----
GMC d-(--) s:+ a? C++ UL++ P+ L++>++++ !E W++ N+(++) o? K+ w--- !O M--
V? PS+++ PE Y+ PGP- t* 5+++ X R* tv b+ DI+ D++ G++>+++ e>++ h-- r++ y+
------END GEEK CODE BLOCK------

@_date: 2001-12-31 16:50:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Faustines little pistil. 
>>What I am arguing in this book is that the major source of structural in this society--the change in the mode of innovation in the relation of
science to technology and in public policy-- is the change in the character of
of knowledge: the exponential growth and branching of science, the rise of a
new intellectual technology, the creation of systematic research through R&D
budgets, and as the calyx of all this, the codification of theoretical
Any thoughts? Also, I'd be interested in any other authors (and recommended
works)you find useful re. these issues... thanks!
Hear you go darlin'...Justines bliss
bung. black hole of infinite gravity -- unescapable. event horizon? yeah man..i crossed it. no turning back kemosabi, i'm abe froman -- the sausage king. i'm going deep baby. hear me? lickin' it. flippin' it. stickin' it...just getting started honey. soup? no thanks..i'll take the tossed salad. anal eaze? negative captain. the kitty is drooling -- drooling south. i'm taking the highway and i'm not talking i-95. reachin' around, tweaking those pencil erasers -- heading for the rim. swish, 2 points. deep

@_date: 2001-12-31 17:15:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: jamesd,Tim Mays lying black dog.  
>>In that direct reply McKay confidently announces that I am
lying, and confidently announces that he is refuting my
claims. He then gives a long list of facts that supposedly
refute my claims, but which actually seem to confirm them,
then confidently announces I have been refuted.<<
Such as at Should have got a patent on that technique jamesd.nevermind.Facts never got in the way of a good fairy story.
 >>McKay's evidence does not support his claim that Catalonia
was anarchist. Instead, if his account and interpretation
was true, it would be evidence that Catalonia was a benign
dictatorship reluctantly forced to use a small amount of very
necessary terror by the wickedness and recalcitrance a small
number of those it ruled.<<
Twisting McKay could be as difficult as twisting Chompsky,still the big lie...
Easy to check I still swear by "objectivity and liberal scholarship."by Chompsky.Also Orwell,Oh, and Bookchins,"The spanish anarchists"
 >>He announces
that I am wrong in some great big important way, but when you
carefully read the alleged errors of my terrible "reign of
error", he is making distinctions so minute that no one could
possibly care, and in many cases distinctions so fine that no
one save himself could possibly understand. <<
This would seem to describe jamesd's MO to a T.See If they are good enough for you to attack chomsky with you cant squeal to much when they are used on you,can you jimmy? You ARE wrong in some big important ways,you have a hirstory of it and your last refuge with imbeciles like Tim is under assault.The CALCers Tora Bora's are about to be firebombed,run jimmy run!

@_date: 2001-12-31 17:18:45
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Bikies on a roll 
Some clubs you have to kill someone to get in.Mad Matts road warriors demand that you kill a cop.
Police brace as bikies rally for run
By Layla Tucak
December 31, 2001
AS many as 250 Gypsy Jokers bikies are expected to set off from Perth on their annual "run" today, stretching police resources on New Year's Eve.
West Australian police conceded yesterday they still did not know the destination of the run, as gang members from across the country converged on Perth by air and car.
Their motorcycles, trucked across the Nullarbor in the past two days, were inspected by police concerned about trouble from one of the nation's most notorious gangs.
Members of the Jokers are the prime suspects in the car-bomb murders in September of former senior detective Don Hancock and his friend Lou Lewis.
Hancock and Lewis were killed a year after gang member Billy Grierson was shot dead by a sniper bullet at Ora Banda in the Goldfields after being kicked out of a pub owned by Hancock. It is thought that Ora Banda may be a destination for today's run, which will be followed by a large police and media contingent.
The Jokers who flew to Western Australia at the weekend were questioned and photographed at Perth airport by police.
Gang members began pouring into Perth on Friday night and continued to arrive yesterday while police kept a watchful eye at Perth's domestic airport and at the gang's Maddington headquarters.
Police sergeant Graham Clifford said yesterday as many police as needed would take part in the operation.
"We conduct randon breath-testing and vehicle checks on the general population and these people are no different - except that their his tory is linked to criminal activity," he said.
The gang will also be followed by a civil libertarian and an independent observer - Professor Arthur Veno from Monash University - who will document their ride.
Sydney Vietnam veteran Ray Jennings was also planning to join the group to act as its public relations spokesman but a police source said the gang had since discharged him of the role.
Police relations with the bikie gang have deteriorated since the double murder, which has resulted in multiple searches of gang hang-outs but no

@_date: 2001-12-31 17:20:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Crazy Asians 
Jakarta: The military may act "without any doubts" against separatists which threaten national unity and, as long as its members respect the law, they need not worry about violating human rights, the President, Megawati Sukarnoputri, said.
"Suddenly we are aware ... of the need of a force to protect our beloved nation and motherland from breaking up," the nationalist, who rose to power in July with the backing of the military, said on Saturday. She told top commanders and thousands of troops at a military parade in Jakarta to respect the law in the course of their duties.
"With that as your guide, you can do your duty without worrying about being involved in human rights abuses," she said. "Do everything without any Despite accusations that the army has staged political killings and run death squads, military chiefs say fear of violating human rights has prevented soldiers from cracking down on troublemakers in Indonesia's many conflict zones.
Bloodshed in 1999 in East Timor, blamed on the Indonesian army, prompted the United States to sever its relationship with Indonesia's armed forces. The US Congress outlawed the resumption of ties until those responsible for the violence that followed East Timor's vote for independence were brought to justice.
Ms Megawati, however, backed the US's war against terrorism and was one of the first foreign leaders to visit Washington after the September 11 attacks.
Last week, Washington partly sidestepped its ban by including Indonesia on a list of South-East Asian countries to take part in US-sponsored counterterrorism training programs.
Indonesia's army was one of the pillars of the former dictator Soeharto's 32-year reign and he used it to crush any opposition to his regime.
Since he was forced from office in 1998, commanders have acknowledged on numerous occasions that members of the army committed human rights abuses.
But activists say little has changed in the past three years. The army is accused of committing widespread abuses in the provinces of Irian Jaya and Aceh, where separatists are fighting to break away from Indonesia.
On Thursday, the army commander General Endriartono Sutarto said his men's morale was low because of media attention on their alleged abuses.
Correspondents in Singapore
DECEMBER 31, 2001
INTERNET-obsessed Singaporeans have been told to spend more time taking stock of the real world around them and not drift off as "disembodied" entities in cyberspace.
Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, in a message to the national youth movement, said young Singaporeans needed to be aware of the republic's fight to survive as a prosperous society in a turbulent region.
"Youths are spending more time sitting in front of computers, surfing the net and communicating through emails, ICQ and SMS," Mr Lee said.
"You must also grow up sharing common formative experiences in the real world, and bond together as a people. You can only do this through face-to-face interaction," he said.
"As a nation we cannot afford to let ourselves drift off individually, to become disembodied, faceless entities in remote corners of cyberspace."
Singapore has undergone a meteoric rise in its brief history, being transformed from a tropical backwater with no resources into one of the world's wealthiest nations per head of capita in three decades.
Telling the nation's youth that "the internet is not the only reality in your lives", Mr Lee said they needed to understand the backdrop against which Singapore "has to fight to survive including how we made it to where we are today".
"They should be exposed to the cultural and society diversity in and outside Singapore, so that they acquire the instincts and knowledge they need to live in a multi-racial society that is located in a turbulent region within a globalised world."
Affluent Singapore has been actively promoting an electronic lifestyle among its four million residents, with a mid-year survey showing 60 per cent of homes have at least one computer and most have internet access.
A poll of 4000 teenagers showed they spent on average more than 13 hours on line per month.
Wonder when they'll discover APster?

@_date: 2001-12-31 17:26:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Argentine Anarquia revolucione 
Riots spark chaos in Argentina
 From AFP
December 31, 2001
ARGENTINE President Adolfo Rodriguez Saa's week-old cabinet offered its collective resignation yesterday following renewed unrest over economic policies and unpopular government officials. There was no word on whether Mr Rodriguez Saa had accepted the resignations.
Austerity measures led to riots that toppled the previous president, Fernando de la Rua, and threaten Mr Rodriguez Saa now the street protests have resumed.
However, Mr Rodriguez Saa received an encouraging telephone call from US President George W. Bush, who urged him to stick with a strict plan approved by the International Monetary Fund.
Mr Bush "emphasised the need for the Argentine Government to develop a sustainable economic plan and work closely with international financial institutions to do so", White House spokesman Scott McClellan told reporters at Mr Bush's ranch in Crawford, Texas.
In Buenos Aires, thousands of people took to the streets overnight demanding the release of their money, which has been frozen in bank accounts. The protests turned violent when a group of young demonstrators tried to storm the presidential palace and clashed with riot police, who used tear gas and water hoses to break up the crowd.
Another crowd stormed the Congress building, torching curtains and wrecking furniture before they were ousted by police. Twelve officers were injured, six seriously, and 33 people were arrested.
Mr Rodriguez Saa asked the country's banks to help re-establish peace by facilitating the payment of pensions and salaries to workers and retirees. He said that in a meeting with business community leaders he had asked banks to remain open from 8am to 8pm today to cash cheques of up to 1000 pesos ($A1900) per person.
In one of the overnight clashes, a retired police officer guarding a service station shot and killed three youths after a heated argument, according to local media reports yesterday. The shooting sparked violent protests, and security officials used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd.
Lawyer Diego Fumagalli criticised political leaders for missing the point. "They didn't understand the people's message," he said.
"The message was that we want a new political system without corruption, and then they go and name all these corrupt politicians to the new Since taking office for a three-month interim term, Mr Saa has suspended payments on the country's $261 billion foreign debt, and announced the creation of 1 million temporary jobs as part of an emergency program aimed at helping the 2.5 million unemployed.
The FAQ is now mirrored at the following sites (which we know of):
Original site:
General sites:
For Australian readers, try this site.
For European readers, try here or here
For North American readers, try here.
For the version at Spunk Press, click here.
Non-English versions of the FAQ
In Hebrew:
In Portuguese:
In Japanese:
Can you dig it.CAN YOU DIG IT!

@_date: 2001-12-31 18:11:58
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: What is a 'right'? Its right to kill the president. 
>>Note that there is nothing in nature which implies that force and desire will be mitigated in and of themselves (so much for CACL philosophy).
Not even APster? The mount everest of CALC philosophy?
 >>In fact, if one looks at game theory it becomes abundently clear, even given the utility of game theoretic concepts, that the best strategy is not to play by the rules given a choice (this helps explain why non-sentient biological activity conforms to game theory in many cases).<<
Evolution in a nutshell,brilliant jim,now as you live near millions of people who don't believe in evolution,would you please stop preaching to the choir and take your show on the road.
  >>This of course destroys any concept of 'utopia' where everyone plays by the same rules all the time without exception.<<
  These concepts are hereby outlawed.No one will speak of the lifestyles of pre-european polynesia,Arawak,aboriginal and west coast tribespeoples ever again.Should they do so they will be fed to vicious shoats.To begin to think is to begin to be undermined.Im worried about you jim,If the above," What is a 'right'?,"screed was your work,I suggest you read some of RD Laings "Knots".You seem trapped in a bind of some kind.Try challomile and even valerian teas as you read.Go up a hightower somewhere with a highpowered book or two.Thinking of you.

@_date: 2001-12-31 19:34:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Scarffed data probably an "illegal wiretap" 
Defense attorneys said the case might have been a "run of the mill bookmaking case" except for the surveillance issue. They requested full disclosure of the government's operation, claiming Scarfo otherwise would not get a fair trial.
Specifically, the attorneys wanted to ensure that e-mail messages were not gathered by modem and phone lines, possibly constituting an illegal wiretap.
In his ruling, Politan said the government convinced him at a Sept. 26 closed meeting that no information was picked up while a modem was on.
Prosecutors were justified in invoking the Classified Information Privacy Act to protect national security at stake in the case, he said.
Vincent Scoca, Scarfo's attorney, said he will file to have the ruling reconsidered, a first step toward higher appeals.
"This a is a bad precedent for our judicial system. This was a two-bit bookmaking operation. There was nothing extraordinary about this case that warranted them using the Classified Information Privacy Act," he said. "That's a police state and we don't want a police state. Even in these times, after Sept. 11, people still don't (want) unwarranted government Scoca was not allowed to attend the September meeting.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Ronald Wigler said the judge's access to classified information at the meeting was "a safeguard to prevent the government from overreaching, as the defense alleges. That's why there are these checks and Scarfo's trial  including evidence gathered from the FBI surveillance  is likely get under way in the spring, Wigler said.
Trials good source of intelligence for cypher-terrorists,should be a good one.Thanks Uncle Sam.

@_date: 2001-12-31 20:16:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Chief not a Chief 
First some background;
Here in the USA stereotypes of racial minorities are a
popular way of selling products and sports teams. All
very much like the Nazi images of Jews, Romany, and
Slavic people that allowed them to be thought of as
less than human.
Until fairly recently exaggerated and demeaning
cartoons of African Americans were used to sell
everything from pancakes and breakfast cereal to
cleaning products. While these have - through boycotts
and other actions- become a thing of the past the use
of these same types of demeaning and dehumanizing
caricatures of American Indian peoples is still
Sports teams call themselves the Red Skins, Chiefs,
Braves, Savages, Warriors, Indians, etc and use half
naked grotesque depictions of Native people as their
The Illinois University Basketball team goes a step
farther by having a white dressed as *a real savage
redskin* come out and do a *traditional Indian dance*
in a performance that casts ridicule on the Indigenous
Peoples of Turtle Island (North America). This at a
time when the Gov't. and their multinational corporate
friends have increased their attacks on our
reservations and way of life.
AND IN COLLEGE BASKETBALL
Missouri got its tail whipped in basketball last week
by Illinois. The highlight film however does not show
a man, dressed all in black (probably one of them
anarchists or something) burst through a ring of fans
and tackled Chief Illiniwek, Illinois' mascot, at
half-time. Illinois University spokesman Kent Brown
said the mascot has never been confronted before.
Chief Illiniwek performs a traditional Indian dance at
home games but rarely performs on the road. The
performances have been criticized for racial
insensitivity. It is unknown whether the attack was
related to the years-long debate on campus and beyond
over the controversial Chief. If it wasn't it should
have been. Several Illinois fans in the circle around
the court wore ``Save the Chief'' buttons.
Scott Keihl, 24, of Columbia, faces up to a year in
jail and a $1,000 fine on the third-degree assault
Sources: Native News,Daily Illini, St. Louis Post
"Unless someone like you cares a whole lot, nothing is going to get better.It's not."
-Dr. Seuss, 'The Lorax'
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety neither liberty nor safety."  - Benjamin Franklin, 1759
"You may never know what results come from your action.
But if you do nothing, there will be no results."  -Gandhi
Wonder how james cosners going?

@_date: 2001-12-31 20:28:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: 2 deadly lethal Implosions. 
The only sound during a lethal injection is said to be when the lungs(or *towers*) collapse.The end is nigh.
Undercutting Executions Death penalty opponents are launching a new campaign to make it more difficult -- and more costly -- for prison officials to carry out lethal injection executions.
by Justine Sharrock December 28, 2001
Can public pressure on drug companies put an end to lethal injections?
As the chief executive of McAlester Regional Health Center in McAlester, Okla., Joel Tate is in the business of saving lives. So he said it came as a shock when Human Rights Watch suggested last June that his hospital was indirectly helping to kill people.
For the past twenty years, the hospital had been the Oklahoma Department of Corrections' sole supplier of potassium chloride, one of the drugs used during lethal injection executions -- a procedure which Oklahoma carried out more often than any other state in 2001.
Human Rights Watch, as part of a larger campaign to limit states' access to lethal injection drugs, urged Tate to sever his hospital's drug supply relationship with Oklahoma's prisons. The New York group's arguments swayed Tate, who ordered an immediate end to the sale of potassium chloride to corrections officials.
That single decision marked the first victory in what could become an innovative new push by anti-death penalty activists. Rather than attempting to convince state lawmakers to abandon capital punishment, the activists are setting their sights on the pharmaceutical companies and drug distributors on whom state and federal prisons rely. The hope, activists say, is that the companies and institutions which provide lethal injection drugs will be sufficiently influenced by negative publicity to drop the Activists acknowledge that this new campaign won't put an end to capital punishment. The goal, they say, is simply to make it more complicated -- and possibly more costly -- for states to carry out a death sentence.
"Drug companies are in the business of making drugs for health and well-being, not to kill people," says Steve Hawkins, Executive Director of the Washington, DC-based National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty. "If a department of corrections wants to be in the business of killing people, let it be expensive, and let it be difficult."
Lethal injection is used by the US government and military as well as 36 of the 38 states which provide for the death penalty. A combination of three drugs are used in the process: sodium thiopental, or Pentothal, an anesthetic which puts the inmate to sleep; Pancuronium, which paralyzes the muscles and stops breathing; and potassium chloride, which stops the heart.
Human Rights Watch has launched an effort targetting distributors of potassium chloride. Allison Collins, a senior researcher with the group, says the organization is preparing a letter-writing campaign directed at two California companies -- Bergen Brunswig Corporation and Cardinal Health

@_date: 2001-12-31 20:37:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Brown Power;"more smart"The friends of Timothy May. 
Far-Right Recruiting Drive A range of racist and anti-immigrant groups are trying to turn the Sept. 11 terror attacks into a marketing tool.
by Yigal Schleifer Nov.26, 2001.
White supremacists like Matthew Hale are eager to use outrage over the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks to further their own goals.
The most recent book from former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke has been available since the beginning of this year, but only in Russian, Romanian and Serbian. That will soon change. Convinced that the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks have created a ripe market, Duke is rushing to provide an English version for sale on his website.
"It's being released prematurely, absolutely in response to September 11 and the overwhelming demand for it," says Vincent Breeding, Duke's press The demand for Duke's tome, "Jewish Supremacism: My Awakening on the Jewish Question," may not be "overwhelming," but his eagerness to benefit from the Sept. 11 attacks does appear to be part of a growing pattern. Experts and movement members alike agree that many of America's tiny but energetic far-right groups are seizing on the terror attacks to boost recruitment and help spread their messages of hate.
"Their information campaign is being stepped up, not only stepped up but altered to use the Sept. 11 attacks as a lever to change people's opinion in order to get them to come aboard," says Mark Pitcavage, national director of fact-finding for the Anti-Defamation League, a New York-based organization which monitors the activity of hate groups.
In the days after the attacks in New York and Washington, hate groups attempted to take advantage of anti-Muslim and anti-Arab sentiment. Members of the World Church of the Creator, an Illinois-based white supremacist group, sought new recruits at a demonstration in the Chicago suburb of Bridgeview at which police prevented a crowd of several hundred from attacking a local mosque.
Matthew Hale, the 30-year-old leader of the World Church of the Creator, said his group has increased its activities since the attacks. The group has passed out fliers -- one entitled "Stop non-White Immigration," the other "Let's Stop Being Human Shields for Israel" -- in several cities in addition to Chicago.
"It is true that a lot of people are not ready at this time to accept the idea of repatriating the other races, although that is still our aim," says Hale. "But we definitely feel that things are moving a lot more in that direction since September 11."
Hale's World Church isn't alone. The day after the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the neo-Nazi National Alliance cancelled an anti-immigration rally in Georgia to instead organize a demonstration in front of the Israeli embassy in Washington.
"Like any pre-revolutionary organization throughout history, we must survive and adapt to rapidly evolving realities in the world around us," wrote one of the group's leaders in an e-mail to activists announcing the Meanwhile, Michael Hill, president of the ultra-conservative League of the South, posted a broadside on the group's website saying that the attacks "spring from an 'open borders' policy that has for the past four decades encouraged massive Third World immigration and thus cultural destabilization."
Experts say extremist groups such as the League of the South and the World Church still boast relatively few members, their popular momentum having peaked in the mid 90's after the federal government's ill-fated sieges at Waco, Texas, and Ruby Ridge, Idaho. With their social relevance dwindling, a rightward shift in the national debate over immigration policies bodes well for the right-wing groups.
That shift could be especially beneficial for less-extreme groups such as the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which has long advocated such policies as the reduction of legal immigration, the close monitoring of visa holders in the US, and the use of national identity cards.
"I think a lot of the ideas that they have been pushing for a long time are now being looked at seriously," says Michael Fix, director of immigration studies at the Urban Institute. Indeed, in recent weeks Bush administration officials have called for tightening controls on issuing visas to citizens of Arab countries, the Department of Justice has launched a campaign to interview thousands of people from Arab and Islamic countries in the US on various kinds of visas, and a Republican member of the House of Representatives has called for a federal commission to look into issuing national identity cards.
Eric Ward, executive director of the Northwest Coalition for Human Dignity, a Seattle-based organization that tracks hate groups, says a restrictive shift in US immigration policy alone would be a major victory for anti-immigrant groups.
"The goal is to try and impact national policy and prepare to have a debate within America of who is an American and what America will look like," Ward Towards that end, groups like the National Alliance and the Council of Conservative Citizens, a national white-power group which counts nearly 30 Mississippi state legislators among its members and which has hosted both Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott and Georgia congressman Bob Barr at its meetings, are toning down their rhetoric. That change does not mean that the hate groups have moderated their views, however.
"Our people are becoming more radical, but they're becoming more smart," says Tom Metzger, the 63-year-old founder of the hate group White Aryan Resistance, who is considered one of the patriarchs of the racist right.
Devin Burghart of the Chicago-based Center for New Community, which tracks white nationalist activity in the Midwest, says the hate groups had already changed tactics.
"They're focused on building a base, building a constituency, and you can't do that when you're blowing stuff up. That's the lesson they learned from the militia movement," says Burghart. The lesson they are learning from the Sept. 11 attacks, it seems, is that building a constituency can be easier when someone else is blowing things up

@_date: 2001-12-31 23:21:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Proffr of Arabia. 
In the much translated classic,"The 7 willows of Pissdom,"proffr of Arabia describes the crossing of the boofhead desert,the rear assault on crapaba and his capture by a Berkish May.After torture's indescribable including listening to the cenobite,el proff fools the pontius warthog into releasing him.From then on el proff takes no prisoners.His temper not improved by the loss of 2 faithful companions,el proff blows up trains containing Berks and slaughters all the occupants.
A straggling column of Berks and aryan supremeists also gets wiped out.When the cypherpunk tribes finally reach damesrus,they devolve into squabbling trolls before looting the casinos and returning home.Proffr1 takes up motorbike riding even starting his own outlaw club.The road warriors.It is truly written.
"My cause will continue after my death," Mir quoted proffr1 as saying. "They think they will solve this problem by killing me. It's not easy to solve this problem. This war has been spread all over the world."

@_date: 2002-01-01 00:59:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cypherpunks are... 
"... probably not the well-armed, high-tech, drug-taking, survivalist, martial-arts, black-marketeering, tax-dodging, life-extensionist, freethinking, paper-tripping Discordian master criminals that a composite of archive cullings would suggest. I think they are mostly spiritually restless materialists: macho contemplatives locked into day jobs. They dream of escape -- of "vonu" (invulnerability to coercion by withdrawal from society); of the High Frontier (space colonization); of life extension to tide them over till a better day. They long for the big score. They take hope from the cyphernomicon that parade's their contempt for normal life as they portray fantastic possibilities always presented according to a patented formula of tough-minded realism. The typical C/punks reader is, I conjecture, a surrealist trapped in the body of an engineer." Still...probably most crypto-anarchists would offer a similar reply to the charge that they are utopians. Namely: what is truly utopian is to imagine that somehow the government can hold massive power without turning it to monstrous ends. As Rothbard succinctly puts it: "the man who puts all the guns and all the decision-making power into the hands of the central government and then says, 'Limit yourself'; it is he who is truly the impractical utopian." Is not the whole hirstory of the 20th century an endless list of examples of governments easily breaking the weak bonds placed upon their ability to oppress and even murder as they see fit?

@_date: 2002-01-01 01:29:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Terrorists of a feather 
In Life of Double-Crosses, Egyptian Worked With Green Berets and Bin Laden SHARON THEIMER Associated Press Writers
By Tom Hays and
Published: Dec 29, 2001
When the Green Berets needed insight on the Middle East, they turned to one of the U.S. Army's own: Sgt. Ali Mohamed.
When Osama bin Laden wanted help training troops and raising money for his al-Qaida terrorist network, he enlisted the same man, known as "Abu Mohamed ali Amriki," or "Mohamed the American."
Now in U.S. custody at an undisclosed location, the Egyptian-born Mohamed, 49, ranks as one of the most puzzling figures in the war on terrorism.
His story shows how a terrorist managed to infiltrate American society and join the Army, then turn his military training against his adopted country. In the end he also betrayed bin Laden, supplying the FBI with inside information on al-Qaida as part of a plea deal with federal prosecutors in the 1998 terrorist bombings of U.S. embassies in Africa.
"He is one of the people who lurks in the background of this whole conspiracy," prosecutor Kenneth Karas said at the embassy bombing trial in New York earlier this year.
Court records, including Mohamed's own admissions in his guilty plea last year, portray a man who mixed easily with civilians in California, soldiers in Fort Bragg, N.C., and terrorists in Nairobi, Kenya.
The trail of double-crosses can be traced to 1981. That year, as an Egyptian army captain fluent in English, he completed a program for foreign officers offered by the Special Forces school at Fort Bragg.
There, Mohamed learned unconventional warfare - the same training given Green Berets, minus classified classes. He has admitted that around the same time, he became involved with Egyptian Islamic Jihad, a militant Muslim group eventually absorbed by al-Qaida.
Mohamed left the Egyptian Army in 1984 and contacted the CIA, offering to be a spy, according to a U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity. The CIA learned he was boasting of a relationship with the agency, judged him unreliable and dropped him as a source, the official said. He was later placed on a U.S. government watch list, according to U.S. officials.
Mohamed moved to the United States in 1985, settling in northern California and becoming a U.S. citizen. He married Linda Lee Sanchez of Santa Clara, Calif., that year at The Chapel of the Bells in Reno, Nev. Sanchez, on advice from her attorney, has declined to comment on Mohamed.
In 1986, at age 34, Mohamed joined the U.S. Army in Oakland, Calif. Army officials said they did not know to what extent his background was checked.
He returned to Fort Bragg as an enlisted man in 1987, working as a supply sergeant for Special Forces. He never became a Green Beret or received security clearance, but he gave briefings on Islamic fundamentalism and the Middle East at the John F. Kennedy Special Warfare Center and School.
During one lecture, he told soldiers they had nothing to fear from devout Muslims, court records show.
"The word fundamentalism scares people in the West," he said. "The word fundamentalism does not mean extremism."
At the same time, Mohamed was moonlighting as a trainer for soldiers of a different stripe: militant Muslims in Brooklyn hoping to join the fight against a Soviet puppet government in Afghanistan.
One member of the group, Khalid Ibrahim, testified at a 1995 trial that Mohamed trained them to fire AK47 assault rifles at a Connecticut shooting range. The witness also told how Mohamed gave classes in a Jersey City, N.J., apartment on "how to find your way by looking at the stars" and "how to recognize some of the weapons if you see them, like tanks."
Some of Mohamed's students were later found guilty of plotting terrorist attacks, including the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center and a plot to blow up New York City landmarks.
Seized from the apartment of one of the convicted terrorists were manuals from the Kennedy school swiped by Mohamed, including an "enemy weapons guide" describing the Soviet arsenal, according to court testimony. Defense lawyers have said other documents included "top secret" plans for a Special Forces training exercise for an attack on a section of Pakistan.
Army officials and prosecutors declined to discuss the specifics of the documents that ended up in the hands of America's future enemy. But a Special Forces spokesman, Maj. Gary Kolb, called the value of a late-1980s training manual in today's Afghanistan "debatable."
Back then, no breach of security was evident at Fort Bragg. Kolb said an officer who worked with Mohamed "did have some suspicions about what he did, but nothing came as a result of it. It really depended on who you Mohamed received at least two medals for "meritorious achievement" before being honorably discharged in 1989.
After he left the U.S. Army, Mohamed took up al-Qaida's cause. Ibrahim recalled encountering a westernized Mohamed at a mountain training camp in Afghanistan in 1992. L'Houssain Kherchtou - a former bin Laden follower who testified in the embassy bombings trial - remembered meeting Mohamed at a training session in Pakistan in the early 1990s. Known as "Amriki," or "the American," Mohamed was "very, very strict and not gentle" while giving explosives and reconnaissance training.
Trainees were warned in advance that Mohamed "was a severe man" who was "not a good practitioner of Islam," Kherchtou said through an interpreter. "You can hear from him some bad words."
Mohamed, during his plea, admitted teaching al-Qaida foot soldiers how to create cell structures that could be used for operations. He also trained bin Laden's security detail.
The plea provided one of the most direct links between bin Laden and the bombings that killed 231 people - 12 Americans and 219 Africans - at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Mohamed claimed bin Laden in late 1993 asked him to conduct surveillance of American, British, French and Israeli targets in Nairobi. His diagrams and photographs were reviewed by bin Laden, who "looked at the picture of the American Embassy and pointed to where a truck could go as a suicide bomber," he said.
Returning to California in the mid-1990s, Mohamed helped a top aide to bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, raise money for the Egyptian Islamic Jihad. He also monitored the trial of Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman - the blind Egyptian cleric convicted in the 1995 New York terrorism trials - for bin Laden.
Once terrorists had struck the embassies, Mohamed said he planned to return to Egypt and then join bin Laden in Afghanistan. But prosecutors have said he also contacted the FBI, telling agents that bin Laden was responsible for the attacks.
Mohamed was subpoenaed to testify before a New York grand jury before being indicted on conspiracy charges. He pleaded guilty in October 2000.
"Abu Mohamed ali Amriki" has not been seen in public since.
It remains unclear how Mohamed managed to enter the United States and join the Army in the 1980s, despite the CIA's misgivings. Equally unclear is how he was able to maintain his terror ties in the 1990s without being banished by either side, even after the Special Forces documents he stole turned up in the 1995 New York trial.
The State Department, CIA and FBI declined to answer questions about Mohamed. Officials have refused to discuss how much he has helped in their investigations as he awaits sentencing, which has been postponed indefinitely.
Given what's known, Mohamed fits the profile of a double agent, said Larry Johnson, former deputy chief of counterterrorism for the State Department. He believes Mohamed was an FBI informant before the embassy bombings.
"I just see it as the FBI screwed up," Johnson said. "They didn't do a good job of information management."
Rusty Capps, a retired FBI agent and president of the Center for Counterintelligence and Security Studies, said Mohamed seemed too interested in "trying to impress people" to be reliable.
"If I were al-Qaida, if I were the CIA, if I were the FBI, I would not want to have a person like this anywhere within a thousand miles of me," Capps In the Army, Mohamed "was doing what was asked of him, and there was no reason to suspect anything differently," Kolb said. "Would we like to go back and change things? Definitely. Then maybe a lot of this would never have happened."
EDITOR'S NOTE - AP reporter Larry Neumeister in New York also contributed to this story.

@_date: 2002-01-01 02:44:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Deported from Utopia 
In utopia
by annalee newitz
MY OLD FRIEND Joe Sartelle ( used to ask people what their
textual preferences were. In a way, that is a far more intimate question
than the commonly heard "What is your sexual preference?" One's gender
choice in sex partners reveals almost nothing  save what kinds of bodies
you enjoy  but one's choice of texts, of stories, can summarize an entire
My greatest and earliest textual love is science fiction. Nothing has the
power to move me more than a well-crafted tale about an alien world or
future. And in times of great stress, I turn to science fiction for solace,
for alternative ways of thinking.
Last week I was lucky enough to spend some time talking about alternative
cultures with Ursula Le Guin, whose radical, speculative fiction has been
my preference since I was a kid. Her most recent novels, The Telling (2000)
and The Other Wind (2001), offer powerful stories of hope in the face of
war and terrorism on other planets. Le Guin is also the author of
celebrated works of social-protest science fiction, such as The Left Hand
of Darkness (1969), The Dispossessed (1974), and Always Coming Home (1985).
When the future feels horrifying, one wants to hear about utopia, and Le
Guin is often called a utopian writer. I wondered what a utopian would
think about America's current "war on terrorism." Laughing, Le Guin said,
"Don't call me utopian. Utopia is always something you can't get to because
it doesn't exist. I prefer to be called hopeful. We can hope that we might
get out of this mess, or that decent behavior might take place, because,
well, it does sometimes." It's hard to imagine decent behavior when Bush is
threatening violence. It feels like there are no alternatives, no other
ways the story could end.
And that's where fiction can be useful. It invites us to speculate about
other narrative options. In The Telling, Le Guin's protagonist is Sutty, a
scholar who comes to a planet called Aka whose government has been taken
over by ruthless, techno-worshipping capitalists known as the Corporation.
Sutty is perplexed by the monoculture of Aka until she finds out that the
Corporation has been violently suppressing the peaceful, spiritual people
who follow the old ways of the planet. Those people have maintained an
anticorporate, ecologically balanced culture in the face of brutal
oppression and have even created a massive, secret library of books that
contradict the Corporation's views. As Sutty learns more, it's clear that
Aka's destiny is hardly in the hands of the Corporation, and resistance is
not futile.
More on

@_date: 2002-01-01 13:23:55
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Agent Faustine caught lying,coatdragging and flashing greased 
>>the absurdity of thinking you can ever be truly anonymous.
Agent justine.
BOLLOCKS! The fucking bungling idiots are cooking up virus's to scope and send passphases for FUN!?
Give us a fucking break.
Plenty are truly anonymous,more every day.The collapse of Govts is Imminent.All those posting here regularly are willing to be martyrs for

@_date: 2002-01-01 14:01:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Scarfo Phase 2  
>John Schwartz writes in the December 31 New York Times: > >"A controversial system installed on a criminal suspect's >computer by the government to capture the encryption >passwords of a criminal suspect is nearing its second >phase." s/dot/semikolon/ >Anybody have info or leads on the "second phase" of >what appears to be the keylogging technology used >by the FBI in the Scarfo case? when I read the whole sentence from  I assume the author simply speaks from that "magic lantern" thingie | A controversial system installed on a | criminal suspect's computer by the government to capture | the encryption passwords of a criminal suspect is nearing | its second phase; the F.B.I. has acknowledged that it is | developing a similar monitoring system, called Magic | Lantern, that could be installed remotely. Peter <<
I infer the second phase is the hard task that an organization of renowned kkklutz's has to sell the general populace on the idea of benign govt approved viri.Marketing in a word.As most people distinguish between state terror and free range its not impossible.A judicious amount of 'newspeak' and "mindfuck"should swing it.The govt owns the finest lying weaels $ can buy.See scarffed data post,possible illegal wiretap,above.The mafia's going crypto,could be a trend.Invest in fish and horse.
"This type of hacking buggery must surely wipe out the fascist United States as surely as it wiped out the fascist Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. The views expressed here are mine, and NOT those of my employers, associates, or others. Besides, if it *were* the opinion of all of those people, I doubt there would be a problem to bitch about in the first place..."

@_date: 2002-01-01 15:10:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Slow release fertilizer 
30 release of cabinet documents in OZ reminded me of 1971 when I was 16.I went with some friends to an all white south effrikkkaan springbok match in melb.I was wearing a wrangler shirt that turned out to be lucky as the cop at the entrance ripped it open,popping all the press studs open.The P.I.Gs were looking for firecrackers.(remember those 2penny bungers I told you about.)Inside the match began amidst an allmighty din that affected the play,almost straight away.As did periodic pitch invasions.At one stage a mounted porker rode down a running man almost the entire length of the field.Spectacle to rival the coloseum!
Besides the circling hippie hordes banging,whistling and probing the defences of the thin blue line stretched thin around the oval,there was a situation developing down one end where a build up of protestors enabled some traditional demo argy-bargy push and shove with the odd bunger thrown for good measure.One exploded next to a young constables ear and he was carried off.The riots were even bigger in NZ and the nazi of the north,Joe bananas peterson,declared a state of emergency and anti-hippie krisstallnacht in Queensland that remained in place for years.138 arrests and 5 cops taken to hospital.It was a very good year.

@_date: 2002-01-01 15:21:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: UP YOURS. M.A.M. 
A - I N F O S  N E W S  S E R V I C E
               ________________________________________________
Police fear anarchist attack on Queen's Jubilee
By Jenny Booth and David Bamber
(Filed: 30/12/2001)
The Torygraph (UK)
SPECIAL Branch detectives are investigating anarchist plans
for the violent disruption of the thanksgiving service at St
Paul's Cathedral attended by the Queen to celebrate her
Golden Jubilee next year.
Hundreds of activists from the Movement Against the Monarchy
(Ma'm) and other radical groups intend to target the service
on June 4, which is the focal point of four days of official
jubilee celebrations.
They plan a big demonstration outside the cathedral, which
police fear will turn violent. On a website for members,
"Ma'm" says: "The 'thanksgiving' service at St Paul's will
have laughing gas pumped through the air vents, and machine
gun bullets playing on a hidden loudspeaker system and on
our ghetto blasters."
One Special Branch officer said: "We have seen in Britain
that anarchists are capable of mounting mass violent
confrontations. Last May, they almost brought the centre of
London to a standstill with their anti-capitalist protests
on Oxford Street.
"A demonstration of similar ferocity in a smaller place has
the capacity to wreak far greater damage and endanger life."
The anarchist group also plans to set up a guillotine
outside for effigies of the Royal Family.
"Ma'm" has threatened to disrupt the Queen's three-month
tour of the country next summer with regional protests and
to hold anti-royal street parties on June 3, the day
designated for local celebrations of the jubilee.
It claims that its actions are revenge for official attempts
to clamp down on Mayday demonstrations. Republic, another
anti-monarchist group, has declared June 4 as Republic Day
and is encouraging members to organise demonstrations.
Special Branch officers based at New Scotland Yard have been
closely monitoring "Ma'm" and several other anarchist groups
in Britain and abroad, which they suspect of intending to
disrupt the royal celebrations.
Detectives from the anti-terrorist squad believe that the
greatest threat to the Royal Family will come at a series of
regional walkabouts which are being publicised on the "Ma'm"
The police are determined to thwart any violent protests by
careful intelligence gathering. The royal schedule will
remain flexible and any hint of trouble will be taken into
account. But one day that cannot be cancelled is the service
of thanksgiving.
A "Ma'm" spokesman in east London denied that the group was
planning mass action but said: "We might have one or two
little stunts here and there."
And in further laughing gas news,an entire ward of midwifes are under a cloud of suspicion for enjoying nitrous oxide parties at woolongong hospital,NSW.Prince charlie big ears had a starters pistol fired at him once in Sydney and an egg thrown at him (by yours truly) in Melb.His demented dad copped a tomato in tassie and PM keating once grabbed the royal elbow.The fag ends of the aristocracy are always welcome down under.M.A.M.

@_date: 2002-01-01 15:30:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Technology Uber Alles 
Technology Tech-nol-o-gy n. According to Webster's: industrial or applied science. In reality: the ensemble of division of labor/production/industrialism and its impact on us and on nature. Technology is the sum of mediations between us and the natural world and the sum of those separations mediating us from each other. it is all the drudgery and toxicity required to produce and reproduce the stage of hyper-alienation we live in. It is the texture and the form of domination at any given stage of hierarchy and commodification. Those who still say that technology is "neutral," "merely a tool," have not yet begun to consider what is involved. Junger, Adorno and Horkheimer, Ellul and a few others over the past decades - not to mention the crushing, all but unavoidable truth of technology in its global and personal toll - have led to a deeper approach to the topic. Thirty-five years ago the esteemed philosopher Jaspers wrote that "Technology is only a means, in itself neither good nor evil. Everything depends upon what man makes of it, for what purpose it serves him, under what conditions he places it." The archaic sexism aside, such superficial faith in specialization and technical progress is increasingly seen as ludicrous. Infinitely more on target was Marcuse when he suggested in 1964 that "the very concept of technical reason is perhaps ideological. Not only the application of technology, but technology itself is domination... methodical, ascientific, calculated, calculating control." Today we experience that control as a steady reduction of our contact with the living world, a speeded-up Information Age emptyness drained by computerization and poisoned by the dead, domesticating imperialism of high-tech method. Never before have people been so infantalized, made so dependant on the machine for everything; as the earth rapidly approaches its extinction due to technology, our souls are shrunk and flattened by its pervasive rule. Any sense of wholeness and freedom can only return by the undoing of the massive division of labor at the heart of technological progress. This is the liberatory project in all its depth. Of course, the popular literature does not yet reflect a critical awareness of what technology is. Some works completely embrace the direction we are being taken, such as McCorduck's 'Machines Who Think' and Simons' 'Are Computers Alive?', to mention a couple of the more horrendous. Other, even more recent books seem to offer a judgement that finally flies in the face of mass pro-tech propaganda, but fail dismally as they reach their conclusions. Murphy, Mickunas and Pilotta edited 'The Underside of High-Tech: Technology and the Deformation of Human Sensibilities' , who's ferocious title is completely undercut by an ending that technology will become human as soon as we change our assumptions about it! Very similar is Siegel and Markoff's 'The High Cost of High Tech'; after chapters detailing the various levels of technological debilitation, we once again learn that its all just a question of attitude: "We must, as a society, understand the full impact of high technology if we are to shape it into a tool for enhancing human comfort, freedom and peace." This kind of cowardice and/or dishonesty owes only in part to the fact that major publishing corporations do not wish to publicize fundamentally radical ideas.

@_date: 2002-01-01 15:43:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Phoenix Anarchists Support Glendale Community's Struggle 
Phoenix Anarchists Support Glendale Community's Struggle Against Police
  posted by Brian on Sunday December 30 2001 @ 12:47PM PST
   Members of a largely immigrant Glendale community battling police brutality, other victims and families of victims of police brutality, the Phoenix Anarchist Coalition (PAC), the Arizona Anarcho-Punk Federation, Phoenix Copwatch, North Phoenix Anti-Racist Action and the Phoenix Industrial Workers of the World joined together for a march through downtown Glendale and a Know Your Rights Forum on Wednesday, December 19th, the one-year anniversary of an early morning police raid which left 23 young men arrested. The day was also coincidentally the one-month anniversary of another police shooting in nearby Peoria in which the cops killed an unarmed man when he reached for a cell phone.
Phoenix Anarchist Coalition members first met the Glendale families at last year's Martin Luther King, Jr. march. The families had taken over a hill overlooking the event, carrying huge banners and signs denouncing the Glendale police as racist brutalizers. A conversation was begun there, and the families were eager to talk about what had happened to them. Over the course of the next year, several PAC members went across town to hear their stories and to offer any support that was needed. Despite some difficulties in communication because of the lack of Spanish speakers within our group, a special effort was made to keep in touch with these families to stay on top of developments and then, when this year's October 22 police brutality march was planned, the families were invited. We were definitely aware that it was up to us to be relevant to their struggle, not the other way around. Happily, they came and spoke at several points along the march, bringing with them the most passionate speakers and the most wonderful banners.
The stories that the families told were brutal ones indeed. In a series of early morning attacks, officers of the Glendale Police Department (GPD) simultaneously raided 23 homes in Glendale, serving warrants on sons and brothers who were alleged by the GPD to be members of the Califas gang. The families vehemently deny this allegation. Instead, they complain about a pattern of harassment in which the GPD intimidated, categorized and photographed their sons based on a very loose set of gang criteria. They were effectively tried and convicted by the police merely because of their income, skin color and who they knew.
When the police came, they blew down doors with explosives and charged into the houses with overwhelming force, including automatic weapons, surprising many of the residents in their pajamas and underwear. In one case, the GPD lay in wait outside a home and arrested two brothers as they left for work in the early morning, down the street, then waited for their father to leave as well. Then, when the house was almost empty, the police charged the door, knocking hard without declaring themselves. Thinking that one of her sons had forgotten something, the mother of the two newly arrested young men made her way towards the door with a small child in her arms to open it. Mere moments after knocking, the GPD set off explosive charges which blew the door to smithereens, sending pieces of the metal hinges and doorknob flying through the air like shrapnel. But for a second or two, this woman would certainly have been killed or seriously injured - the doorknob flew through the air, through the wall and into an adjoining bedroom from the force of the explosion. As a result, this family was left without a door in the middle of December. All the families, including small children and pregnant women, were held at gunpoint while police armed with automatic weapons ransacked their homes and arrested many young men. Police were rude, aggressive and uncooperative when residents asked to see warrants or for explanations. Eventually 25 young men were arrested, and 22 of them still sit in jail one year later.
The attorneys for the police have pressured the young men while in jail to take plea deals. One sixteen year old boy who took a deal has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for illegal possession of a handgun. Gus, the father of one of those still in jail and one of the neighborhood organizers characterized it this way: "They [Glendale police] are pressuring these kids to sign plea bargains. They [the young men arrested] are not killers. They are not terrorists. Is this the law? Is this the civil rights for the United States? This is like Gestapo! They [Glendale Police] don't respect anything."
As if that weren't bad enough, there is also some evidence that the GPD orchestrated this raid as a way to justify a new Federal anti-gang task force grant it was applying for. Two weeks after the raid, Glendale was approved for the money. Not that we should be surprised by this, but it certainly casts the GPD in a truly shameful light.
A few weeks after the O22 march, the Glendale families decided that they wanted to have a march of their own on the anniversary of the police attacks. Explaining why, Gus said, "It has passed one year, but it still hurts me and the Mexican community. They do not need to commit police brutality. We still remember. That is the reason that we march. I will never forget what they did. It was four months of investigation and we have been waiting one year for evidence. Do you think it's fair? I don't think it's fair."
PAC members were asked to assist in the planning, and so a hurried series of meetings took place in which anarchists and neighborhood residents decided cooperatively on a route, on a press release that was written and faxed out, on inviting groups, and on designing flyers to distributed in both english and spanish. Once this was done, PAC mostly focused on getting out anarchists to the march. However, on one of the flyer distributions we assisted in out in Glendale, two Glendale neighborhood residents and two PAC members hit up shoppers at a local grocery chain and another nearby westside neighborhood that had recently seen an unarmed man shot and killed by police after reaching for a cell phone, leaving his young girlfriend widowed and their 2 month old baby without a father. When we got there, I was disturbed to find that it was a neighborhood in which I had spent a lot of time as a younger punk. I'd spent probably three or four days a week hanging out just a block from where the shooting happened. It was a mixed working class white and hispanic neighborhood.
While handing out flyers, two interesting things happened. First, through asking around, the house where the young man lived was located. We knocked but no one was home and so we left Copwatch literature, along with a note expressing sympathy, information on the march and a contact number. We knew his girlfriend would be grieving, but we also knew that this was an issue she would have a personal connection to. We were a little unsure if this was appropriate or not, but, not having any other ideas, we did it anyhow. A few minutes later, while handing out flyers in the same neighborhood, about two blocks away, we ran into a man whose sister was now taking care of half a dozen kids orphaned when a mentally ill woman was shot and killed by police on May 1, last year. Most of us remember this event clearly because it came on the same day as our local May Day march in which 11 people were arrested.
As part of its new strategy, Copwatch, a group I am involved with, had decided to increase its patrols of this neighborhood, and the week before the march there was a patrol in which the Glendale police stopped one of our cars after we pulled over to observe a stop. The cops were ticketing a hispanic man for a broken headlight at a corner gas station. After being detained for 20 minutes, it turned out that it was just a bad fuse. At one point the man, explaining to the cop, reached out and kicked the headlight - it came on immediately. Too late - he was still ticketed. While we were there the cops called out a bunch of unnecessary backup, including a sergeant, who promptly came up to us like the big man he is to tell us what we could and could not do (as if we don't know). He told us we made the cops nervous by the way we pulled up on the scene. When the stop was over, we drove off, only to be pulled over a few blocks down the road by a cop car that had immediately swung in behind us after we left the gas station. The officer who pulled us over demanded to know who Copwatch was, what it was doing, where it was based and various other information. When we were released, an unmarked car followed us out of Glendale. Clearly, the Glendale cops are nervous about being watched.
When the day of the march came, everyone gathered on a street corner downtown. About 80 to 100 people eventually showed up and the march moved out. Copwatch shadowed the march, sporting their trademark orange shirts with cameras in hand while we proceeded down the street towards the police headquarters, stopping periodically to show the beautiful banners made by the Glendale families. The cops were trying to play nice by stopping traffic for us. People were generally very supportive, and many honks from passing cars followed us as we marched thanks to a "Honk if you hate the police" sign. At this point I'd like to make a critique of the way the march proceeded. Probably unconsciously the march had segregated, with mostly white anarchists up front and mostly non-white folks at the back. This was particularly distressing because it was not the anarchists' march. Several people tried consciously to remedy this and by the time we left the police station, the march mixed up more, although some anarchists continued to take the lead, which I found distressing, since our role was to be supportive and not co-optive.
I was also a bit distressed by the number of anarchists wearing masks on the march. While I recognize the utility of masks, and have worn one on many occasions, this particular time it seemed inappropriate. For me, although I had a mask, I opted not to wear it for two reasons. First of all, I was just so impressed that these people could stand up, without masks, and denounce the very cops who had brutalized them that I just couldn't justify hiding my identity. How sad would that be if I, not even a resident of this community, and being white, felt I had to hide my face, despite all my privilege, while these people with so little and who had been so recently victimized refused to do likewise. Could I, despite being a victim of police brutality myself, honestly say I was in more danger than these people were? My answer was clearly, no. In fact, many times in front of the HQ I heard residents demand that the cops show themselves and come out of the building, chastising them as cowards for not doing so. Hiding behind a mask at that point seemed insupportable to me. Secondly, the Glendale cops were not filming the march, unlike they were in Phoenix at O22 or Mayday. So, even strategically, it made little sense to conceal my identity. I was glad to see most anarchists going unmasked, though. I was also glad to see most of the anarchists playing supportive roles and taking their lead from the residents themselves about what was appropriate behavior.
Eventually we reached the police station. The bullhorn was passed around as people spoke, denouncing the police. A few cops guarded the building's entrance and were treated to condemnations from one angry resident after another. It was mostly women who spoke, often shaking with emotion, screaming about their sons' situations and the fascist, inexcusable behavior of the cops. About 20 people spoke, probably more, each followed by supportive applause from those assembled. The most moving part for me was when the sister of one of those incarcerated stood, a few feet from the cops, screaming, "My brother got ten years for having a gun in our house! How much time are you guys going to get for bringing your guns into my house and pointing them at us?! How many years are you going to get?! Fuck Another inspiring moment came when it was revealed that the girlfriend of the man shot with the cell phone had come to the march. She had called our house the night before the march asking about it. She brought with her their small baby and a photograph of her boyfriend. Shaking tearfully, she told her tragic story. When she was done, one of the anarcha-punks rushed up to comfort her and the two embraced. The cops stood there without expression, unmoved. More peeked from behind the glass doors, cravenly taking in the scene on the street.
After about 20 or more minutes of loud denunciations, while some of the media took pictures and filmed (only one english-language media outlet bothered to come - the rest were all spanish-language), we began to move out. Suddenly, however, half the march stopped and started running back to the entrance. One of the cops had gone inside, apparently, and a group of people started chanting, "Chicken! Chicken!" over and over at him. This continued for a while, along with a few more angry words from demonstrators. Eventually, though, the march moved out again.
As we headed down the street some of the residents moved into the streets. Following their cue, so did some of the anarchists. The cops were busy blocking off streets and one lane of traffic. This continued off and on for a little while until we reached the library and turned around, heading back along the other side of the street. The police ignored it, unlike on Mayday where they attacked us, armed to the teeth. There were some attempts to get some chants going, but it was difficult. One failing is that during the actual march the bullhorn was rarely in the hands of the residents. At the stops it was, but in between it wasn't, most of the time. Further, we hadn't prepared any spanish-language chants, and neither had the families. As a result, most of the chants that were started petered out pretty quickly. We should not make this mistake again. In the future we need to have printed out, english and spanish language chants to distribute in case no one else does. PAC has a regularly meeting spanish class, so hopefully this is something they will take up - they recently translated our anti-police flyer.
Finally, as the march was about to reach the end, it came across an unmarked police car in the parking lot of Pete's Fish and Chips, occupied by four fat and arrogant pigs in long-sleeved dark blue shirts emblazoned with "POLICE" across the front. Gus, stopped and called for the megaphone. It turned out that one of the cops in the car was one who had raided his house. The megaphone was handed over to him and he let loose on that cop, denouncing him for his role in the raid, and asking him whether he was ashamed or not and if he understood the consequences of his actions. Things were really heating up as the crowd began to mass around the cop car. The pigs were visibly nervous as the crowd grew bigger and began moving on them. The car slowly began to move backwards down an alley, unable to turn around. The crowd, encouraged, began to advance and cheer, following as it went. It began to retreat faster as it called for backup and cops on bikes and motorcycles moved in to surround it so it could make an escape. The people surrounded these cops, who seemed scared and began blaring their sirens and revving their engines to intimidate us. Some anarchists locked arms on one side of the cops while the neighborhood residents carrying the banner used it to block off the cops from the other direction. Everyone else closed in from the other sides. Partially surrounded, the cops beat a hasty and disorganized retreat. Cheers and curses went up from everyone as they fled.
We regrouped and several people took the megaphone and spoke while the cops eyed us from a distance. A female PAC member spoke about solidarity and communities standing together in spanish, and there were cheers. Gus spoke again, this time standing on something. He attacked the cops as worthless, finishing off with a loud "Fuck the cops!" Another woman, also a PAC and Copwatch member, spoke about the strength that occurs when different communities stand in solidarity together and about her commitment to seeing an end to the shoot-to-kill policy of the police in the Phoenix-area. Everyone cheered. Slowly everyone dispersed, making their way to the Know Your Rights Forum a couple miles away.
At the KYRF, a spanish-fluent lawyer answered questions about rights, with the assistance of an interpreter. Most the questions, predictably, centered around the recent events in Glendale and the way the police handled themselves. People were very interested in telling their story, venting and asking about their rights. They were also very aware that this kind of harassment does not happen in wealthy white neighborhoods (unless one of them happened to stray into one late at night). One of the obvious points that several people have made coming out of this forum in particular is the necessity for an all spanish forum. It sounds like several people are committed to working on this for the future. Hopefully by then the number of anarchists who speak spanish will have increased as well. There is also the upcoming March 15th international day against police brutality which is coming up. Perhaps there will be another march.
Additional story in Spanish: Reclaman castigo
Link:

@_date: 2002-01-01 15:50:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Some judges need Killing 
On June 6th a Eugene based newspaper, The Register Guard, reported that a man who killed a woman while driving drunk received a 10 year jail sentence. The man was given the sentence because the judge saw him as having no concern for the lives or well being of the other drivers on the Six days later, the same newspaper reported that my friend Jeffrey Luers, also known as Free, had been sentenced to 22 years and 8 months for causing a few thousand dollars worth of fire damage to some sport utility vehicles. This disparity in sentencing is one we should expect from a society whose values are so predominantly capital-centric. Even though the judge admitted that Free had taken precaution against harming people, the value of those trucks has become more important than the value of life itself. Free is now 22 years old. He will spend more time in jail than he has already spent on The fire Free was convicted of setting was an act of compassion. The gas guzzling monstrosities known as SUV's slaughter more animals each year than the fur industry, emit fumes that harm the well being of plants and animals alike, and take us further down the path of a world without green spaces. As forests, grasslands, and other wild areas fall to make more room for parking lots and freeways, is it any wonder that people are beginning to attack the auto industry?
I've known Free for about 4 years. In that time I have seen him do amazing things. His dedication to the protection of wilderness is almost without peer. He has lived much of the time I have known him outdoors, constantly protecting forests and the animals that live in them. When ever we saw each other he would tell me about his latest arrest, jail time, or the harassment he was undergoing for his beliefs and actions. It seemed like it was never ending, but he never stopped. Even from behind bars he has stood strong and continued to urge others to go on the offensive for mother earth.
I know for sure that even if Free serves every day of his nearly 23 year sentence he will get out and continue fighting. He values life too much to ever give in and become part of a culture gone mad. While he is stripped of his freedom, it is up to us to continue fighting. His sentence cannot become a deterrent to us. If we quit protecting animals, wilderness, and each other out of fear of reprisal then we are cowards. Let Free's bravery stand as a testament to how hard our common will is to break. Don't give up, and dedicate your next victory to Free.
Practise to kill the president on a judge.

@_date: 2002-01-01 16:07:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Red stripe,goldeneye and the Gleaner. 
JAMAICA: Island sets new record for homicides, with 1,136 slain in 2001
KINGSTON, Jamaica (AP) - Jamaica reported a record 1,136 homicides this year, fueled by drug trafficking and gang violence, police said Monday.
The toll was a 28 percent increase over last year's 887 slayings. The former record in the Caribbean country of 2.6 million people was 1,038 killings in 1997.
Detective Sgt. Jubert Llewellyn blamed the increase on an influx of drugs in Jamaica and said the country is increasingly being used by traffickers as a transshipment point. Another factor was fighting between gangs with clashing political loyalties in the capital, Kingston.
Defense Minister Peter Phillips announced the government plans to recruit 1,000 new police officers to the 10,500-officer force to implement anti-crime measures he plans to announce in January.
The government also will be working to recruit an unspecified number of soldiers, Phillps said Monday. The army has about 3,000 soldiers, but the government will not give a specific number.
Gang fighting in West Kingston flared in May, leaving 71 people dead in several weeks. In July, 28 others were killed in a few days of gunfights when police and soldiers moved into a neighborhood that is a stronghold of the political opposition
KINGSTON, Jamaica (AP) - Three Jamaican musicians face obscenity charges for allegedly using foul language during a concert last week, police said Oneil "Elephant Man" Bryan was charged Monday, police said in a written statement, and is to appear in court on Jan. 16. Police have not yet issued summonses to Rodney "Bounty Killer" Pryce and Desmond "Ninjaman" Ballintine, who also face charges.
All three performed at a Dec. 26 concert in Portmore, a community on the outskirts of Kingston. They perform dancehall, a hybrid of reggae and rap.
Pryce and Ballintine were convicted in November of using profanity at a concert in July. They were put on nine months of probation.
It wasn't immediately clear what maximum penalty the musicians might face if found guilty.

@_date: 2002-01-01 18:12:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Flaccid sex:Twighlights last gleaming. 
Twilight rantings from the Champion of Fun..., November 10, 2000
Reviewer: A reader from Tucson, AZ
Like many another of his kind, Hunter S Thompson has outlived his greatness. When he started out, he was the most dangerous man in his vocation; now, even the Secret Service considers the guy harmless. Sad, but true: when he places bizarre calls to the White House switchboard and hollers "I feel like killing somebody!" in a crowded bar at the Capital Hotel on election night, it's hard to escape the suspicion that he's no longer doing this for the hell of it, he's doing it to live up to a character - doing what's expected of him. A well-behaved, sober Hunter Thompson would be more genuinely subversive than the caricature that slouches through the pages of this shoddy collection of faxes, scrawled memos, pictures, and a less-than-riveting central narrative that fails to plug us into the momentum of the campaign, so that the pay-off of the election itself doesn't carry any zing. But that's not to say it's a bad book. It's simply not an uplifting one - not that Thompson's earlier works weren't gloriously sordid and deranged, but here there's a lingering sense of waste, of failure, and it's hard not to see why. HST is a spiritual anarchist not truly at home in any civilized environment, and the only decade for him was the Sixties. He chronicled the downward spiral of the next two decades fiercely, but this final decade of the twentieth century seemed impossibly dull and discouraging to him. "The standard gets lower every year, but the scum keeps rising," writes Thompson in the defining passage of the book. "A whole new class has seized control in the nineties. They call themselves 'The New Dumb' and they have no sense of humor. They are smart, but they have no passion. They are cute, but they have no fun except phone sex and line dancing...." There were no heroes in the '92 election. Thompson backed Clinton, but only because he had a chance to beat George Bush ("a raving human sacrifice," says HST of Geo. W.'s dad, and "a criminal fraud worse than Nixon") and considers Perot beneath contempt, a spotlight-crazed little runt with no good in him. As for Bill Clinton, HST has a few positive words but no illusions about his "low-rent accidental fascist-style campaign." It's hard to forget the story of his extremely weird encounter with the future President in a restaurant in Little Rock; it's laugh-out-loud funny all right, but also very creepy in a way it's hard to put your finger on. As with much of the guy's work, it's sometimes hard to distinguish fact from forgivable hyperbole from outright nonsense, and maybe it's more fun that way. But HST saves his knockout punch for the very end, almost as an afterthought: his Rolling Stone obituary for Richard Nixon. If this weren't also available somewhere on the internet, its inclusion would justify purchasing Better Than Sex. Much earlier in the book, he remembers his shock on first reading H. L. Mencken's vicious obituary of William Jennings Bryan - "I remember thinking...Ye gods, this is evil. I had learned in school that Bryan was a genuine hero of history, but after reading Mencken's brutal obit, I knew in my heart that he was, in truth, a monster." Mencken's piece was the standard HST held himself to when he prepared to write Nixon's eulogy, and he lived up to it: these few brutal pages are perhaps the most stunning he's ever written. If our 37th President is remembered by only one document, let it be this. If the tone seems strangely personal, it's because this piece, the culmination of HST's career as a political journalist, is as much a farewell from Thompson himself as it is to Nixon. As he writes, "I am poorer now...He brought out the best in me, all the way to the end, and for that I am grateful to him. Read it and weep, for we have lost our Satan."

@_date: 2002-01-01 18:24:11
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: I shot an elephant in my pyjama's today. 
More than a few essayists and researchers on science fiction have noticed that science fiction is a little lacking in the humor department. This isn't for lack of trying: humor in our supergenre of science fiction, fantasy, and horror fails mostly because either the writers are too close to their subject matter or because it's hard to drop a few great jokes into a 4,000-word short story without it distorting the plot. A few examples exist of brilliant humor in the genre, including Fritz Leiber's "Lean Times In Lankhmar", Harlan Ellison's "I'm Looking For Kadak", and Paul Di Filippo's The Steampunk Trilogy, but comedy writing requires a completely different attitude than that of any other form of literature. (This may sound as if I'm belaboring the obvious, but you would be amazed at how many feeble attempts at humor are attempted by otherwise excellent writers who simply don't understand the basics; they're like the folks who write children's stories without understanding what a typical children's story needs for success.)
The first thing to remember is that humor is dependent upon two things: the audience's level of knowledge, and its attitude. For instance, the humor in the phrase "Whitley Strieber still hasn't caught on that `Klaatu barada nikto' really means `Squeal like a pig, boy! SQUEEE!'" depends upon the readership being knowledgeable of (a) Whitley Strieber and his claims of being rectally probed by aliens and (b) the movies The Day the Earth Stood Still and Deliverance. All three are necessary to make the gag work: a passing familiarity with the three is all that's needed, but lack of knowledge of one component causes the gag to lose most of its impact. The worst feeling a humorist can experience is that horrible facial expression implying "Should I be laughing?", and the more time spent explaining the basics means less time to finish the story. (This isn't always true: Arlo Guthrie's song "Alice's Restaurant" goes on for 25 minutes with the details of the notorious Alice's Restaurant Massacree, and every last element is essential to explaining why ol' Arlo's potential sojourn into the Army was compromised by a charge of litterbuggery. Take out even five minutes, and the whole thing falls apart
More at...

@_date: 2001-11-02 05:18:32
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FBI MAS 
"There is a room full of frustrated males that don't get enough sex from their ugly wives and expensive mistresses "
And I bet a few miss the old boss in drag...but seriously,the above sentence reminds me of my 2600 list here,
where Im a well known 'white hat'hacker.I hear some of my friends are scarfing up the names of all known FBIers
(like special agent lynne hunt in the register today)
This is to protect them from the baddies like the lasker jihad.Keep those names coming.The C/list goes on forever.

@_date: 2001-11-07 20:36:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: WILLIAM COOPER american martyr 
Sympathies,solidarities with family,friends and fellow free spirits.I feel deeply saddened by this news.Dark times.
Special best wishes to tim,I cant imagine his feelings now and for my own balance wouldnt want to.
The psychology,preparation,training and methods of the french resistance might distract us from our grief.
Commiserations comrades."Send not to know...

@_date: 2001-11-08 09:15:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: All your mentally ill children are belong to us  
> helping Osama bin Laden's terrorist network has
 > leaked out.
 >
 > The names, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail,
 > and social security codes of the suspects were
 > posted on the internet by Finland's Financial
 > Supervision Authority (RATA)."
On the bright side the Hannsen files are being prepared for online release soon and reports of TMs death seem slightly premature.Also as psychiatrists tape evidence for clients trials and lawyers give their clients up,its comforting to have the
ROCK of journalism to fall back on.(not sure about confessionals but they are looking better as an interview space.

@_date: 2001-11-08 15:48:07
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : So, do we bomb south america???   
" ... Sources tell CNN they believe the tri-border area is being used as a haven and source of funding for terrorists linked to Iran's Party of God, and to organizations that work closely with Osama bin Laden. "
Impeccable hearsay has a mobile(by horse drawn cart)SCUD nuclear(gracias chechen mafia)lined up on AIMEE FARRS
ASS,from the general chiapas area.Dont send alan Darthowitz around,thats all I know.I think arbusto needs a holiday,dont
you?I mean have you seen him recently?His dad looks younger.

@_date: 2001-11-09 15:44:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: americas insanity 
6 months ago I typed some words on an online form that led to a grand jury being set up and  a subpoena being
issued on the other side of the world.Only in america.Now I hear they are getting strict.ROTFL.
Hows my jeff gordon prize pool going?

@_date: 2001-11-10 09:52:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: 1st ve vill torture you,then burn down your home town 
When your torture and mass deportation policies inspire resistance then reprisals for assasinations are inevitable.
Martyred Village : Commemorating the 1944 Massacre at Oradour-Sur-Glane
by Sarah Farmer
Paperback - 300 pages (July 2000)
Univ California Press; ISBN: 0520224833
Not the Germans Alone : A Son's Search for the Truth of Vichy
by Isaac Levendel, Robert O. Paxton (Preface)
Hardcover - 280 pages (June 1999)
Northwestern Univ Pr; ISBN: 0810116634
Outwitting the Gestapo
by Lucie Aubrac, Konrad Bieber (Translator), Betsy Wing (Translator)
Usually ships promptly.
This book is the basis for the excellent French film, Lucie Aubrac.
Paperback (November 1994)
Univ of Nebraska Pr; ISBN: 0803259239
Resistance, Rebellion, and Death
by Albert Camus
Usually ships promptly.
Paperback Reissue edition (September 1995)
Vintage Books; ISBN: 0679764011
Sisters in the Resistance : How Women Fought to Free France, 1940-1945
by Margaret Collins Weitz
Usually ships promptly.
Paperback - 352 pages (March 1998)
John Wiley & Sons; ISBN: 0471196983
Sisterhood of Spies : The Women of the OSS
by Elizabeth P. McIntosh
Usually ships promptly.
Hardcover - 282 pages (May 1998)
United States Naval Inst.; ISBN: 1557505985
Also in Paperback
Tales of Good and Evil, Help and Harm
by Philip Hallie, Doris A. Hallie (Afterword), John J. Compton
Usually ships promptly.
Paperback - 227 pages (August 1998)
Harperperennial Library; ISBN: 0060929014
An account of three ordinary people who made a profound difference in the lives of many. In LEST INNOCENT BLOOD BE SHED, Philip Hallie chronicled the story of the French village of Chambon, whose inhabitants saved 5,000 Jews from certain death during Word War II. In this inspiring sequel, Hallie focuses on the same theme of good in the face of evil and offers an eloquent meditation on morality.
This Grim and Savage Game: The OSS and U.S. Covert Operations in World War II
by Tom Moon (Introduction)
Usually ships promptly.
Paperback - 352 pages (June 20, 2000)
Da Capo Pr; ISBN: 0306809567
Back to the Fighting
Nancy Wake, then 31, became one of 39 women and 430 men in the French Section of the British Special Operations Executive which worked with local resistance groups to sabotage the Germans in the occupied territories. She was trained at a British Ministry of Defense camp in Scotland in survival skills, silent killing, codes and radio operation, night parachuting, plastic explosives, Sten guns, rifles, pistols and grenades. She and the other women recruited by the SOE were officially assigned to the First Aid Nursing Yeomantry and the true nature of their work remained a closely guarded secret until after the war.
In February 1944, Nancy Wake and another SOE operative, Major John Farmer, were parachuted into the Auvergne region in central France with orders to locate and organise the bands of Maquis, establish ammunition and arms caches from the nightly parachute drops, and arrange wireless communication with England. Their mission was to organise the Resistance in preparation for the D-Day invasion. The Resistance movement's principal objective was to weaken the German army for a major attack by allied troops. Their targets were German installations, convoys and troops.
There were 22,000 German troops in the area and initially 3-4,000 Maquis. Gaspards recruitment work, with the help of Wake, bolstered the numbers to 7,000. Nancy led these men in guerrilla warfare, inflicting severe damage on German troops and facilities. She collected and distributed weapons and ensured that her radio operatives maintained contact with the SOE in Britain.
On one occasion Nancy cycled 500 km through several German checkpoints to replace codes her wireless operator had been forced to destroy in a German raid. Without these there would be no fresh orders or drops of weapons and supplies. Of all the amazing things she did during the war, Nancy believes this marathon ride was the most useful. She covered the distance in 71 hours, cycling through countryside and mountains almost non-stop. Her focus was rock steady to the end of her epic journey, when she wept in pain and    "I got back and they said, "how are you?" I cried. I couldn't stand up, I couldn't sit down. I couldn't do anything. I just cried."
  Pitched Battle
It was an extremely tough assignment: a near-sleepless life on the move, often hiding in the forests, travelling from group to group to train Maquis, motivate, plan and co-ordinate. She organised parachute drops that occurred four times a week to replenish arms and ammunition. There were numerous violent engagements with the Germans. The countryside was wracked with hostage taking, executions, burnings and reprisals.
No sector gave the Reich more cause for fury than Nancys - the Auvergne, the Fortress of France. Methodically the SS laid its plans and prepared to obliterate the group, whose stronghold was the plateau above Chaudes-Aiguwes. Troops were massed in towns all around the plateau, with artillery, mortars, aircraft and mobile guns. In June 1944 22,000 SS troops made their move on the 7,000 Maquis. Through bitter battle and escape, Nancy and her army had cause to be satisfied: 1,400 German troops lay dead on the plateau, 100 of their own men.
Nancy continued her war: she personally led a raid on Gestapo headquarters in Montucon, and killed a sentry with her bare hands to keep him from alerting the guard during a raid on a German gun factory. She had to shoot her way out roadblocks; and execute a German female spy.

@_date: 2001-11-13 15:15:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Re;fbi wants to believe in domestic terrorists 
"cypherpunks is an "unprecedented, according to law enforcement sources, alliance of left and right extremist hate groups." Declans:
Left wing,right wing,same bird.Watch for claws and droppings.While trad anarchists had a bad run with the left authoritarians theres zero evidence of them running into the arms of the right.Its interesting how many libertarians have outed themselves as facists recently.From my distance an alliance of city communes and country militia seems the best shot you have to overthrow the totalitarian coup.This could mean an exchange of hostages and some basic rules on the inevitable incidents.Theres a lot to learn from the collapse of communist totalitarianism,the coup should be discredited quite soon.Like jim said it doesnt have to be 'wild in the streets'.South africa and east germany were 2 of the most fantasticly bad regimes on earth,yet they fell,as will this one.Keep cool,minimise violence and set limits.LETS ROCK and ROLL!
"Anarchy is not some fanciful idea, something for philosophers and mystics to ponder. Anarchy only has meaning when it is lived."

@_date: 2001-11-15 12:56:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
"A good example of monkeywrenching can be found at the article posted earlier,  This shows an apparently legitimate flyer from the "Phoenix FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force" telling people whom they should watch out for. It includes people who "make numerous references to the US constitution", people who are "'defenders' of the US constitution against federal government and the UN", people who attempt to "police the police" and so on."
Who reads these days? Comics are the go,if you cant mangarize the infamous cia manual comic from nica,just print it off as is.Future generations will thank you and the poetic justice aspect of it is exquiste,almost worth being tortured and executed for.Dont get caught waxing the SUV.kids....and...be careful out there.

@_date: 2001-11-16 13:27:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FC: U.K. proposal would let government ban anonymous remailers  
Sorry to report Indymedias UK page is now censoring articles calling for the introduction of accountability technology to
deal with the stasi like situation there.Fear and loathing on the internet when the US,UK and AU join countries like...
Azerbaijan, Belarus, Burma, China, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Libya, North Korea, Saudi Arabia, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Syria, Tajikistan, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Vietnam as countries that totally or mostly control Internet access.
Also the victorian police seem to be still trying to entrap me with various posts calling for illegal acts posted in my name.
I only mention that in case something odd crops up here purporting to be from me advocating lawlessness.
PS.As the jeff gordon pool seems sadly inadequate to these dark times,I would like to take my money and throw it on a burning bush.

@_date: 2001-11-17 00:26:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Declan;Comped scribbler and bottom feeder? 
"quasi-academic think-tank which acts as a mouthpiece for the globalism, corporatism, and neoliberalism of its corporate and conservative funders."
Not my description,(Im not as complimentary)of the cato institute.Besides hosting adress harvesting 'free gifts'adware on one his sites our resident reporter is a speaker at the above mentioned institute.Beats knitting besides the guillotine,I guess.Still if hes not to busy maybe he could help us with the idea that free market theory is a hostile weapon against development of emerging nations?

@_date: 2001-11-22 05:39:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: cryptoanarchy 
How to get there from here.Is this the long dark night of the cypherpunks soul? I would argue that its the cliche darkests
hour before the dawn.The alphabet police soup are on us like a cheap suit,the list becomes the prototype of the entire web.
things look bloody bleak,Ill grant you that.Yet put yourself in their shoes for a sec,we are a bit like a motley bunch of global justice seekers that take over cities and scorn borders,advancing in diversity, we  strike in The logic and morality of the state is letting them down,dictatorships so much easier.Where does all the repression and money in the world lead them though? They cant catch every cypherpunk and run down every anarchist.What if we were to start using barter? I do some work for you and accept 10 kudos instead of dollars,our contract calls for stiff defence of all attempts to tax the 'kudo'.Does the 'sweet spot' lie in the rush to provide the state with the means to torture,imprison and enslave? Or withdraw from the powder tainted means of exchange thats turning this place into venus.Paper money should share the same fate as repression,cypherpunks can mark the trail to the promised land,you know theres no other way.
Viva HAWALA!

@_date: 2001-11-23 03:42:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: why market to Joe Sixpack?,  
"efforts are better spent developing the technologies and markets in such a way that maybe Joe Sixpack will someday follow. "
Tim wrote.
Technologies like quantum computing could be to late/impossible/to expensive.Markets seem more promising even in freeloaders heaven,the web,plenty will pay for games.Theres a take off of the IMF/WTOvs demonstrators battles so why not
a cypherpunks vs the evil feds game on X-box or gameboy?Some of the more exciting and futuristic applications of cryptoanarchy could be on the higher levels.The base game simply being how much you can get away with before being frogmarched off to 'happy fun court'.
Ive got a funny feeling that P-P hordes are about to descend on crypto like locusts,anyone else?

@_date: 2001-11-26 22:44:45
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam  
In defence of john,Its only reasonable to accuse anyone and everyone at anytime of being an agent.Housekeeping chore.
Crypto is becoming a totally redundant backwater in a world where people act like cryptoanarchy won.
"We dont need no stinkin crypto! We're gonna take over the world, we're gonna do it early enough to knock off for happy hour."

@_date: 2001-11-26 23:58:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Declans testimony;Clone me! 
As an entertainment journalist with a disability I was interested in dec whittingtons road to london.
Unfortunately as Ive been 80% incapacitated with schizophrenia since 1981 and prescribed stelazine and largactal on occasion that may have led to tardive dyskenesia,I DONT RECALL,what was it again?
"You could create a lottery. A lottery whose payoff was a reward to the person who came closest to predicting the time of death of a given government official." james dalton bell.International patriot and global revolutionary hero.

@_date: 2001-11-27 06:33:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Declans testimony;Clone me!,  
Hey measals,you shouldnt be called as a witless now the drumhead courts have got the nod.Living in amerikkka getting you down?
"Defenders of the US Constitution and the common law from which it grew are being classified on the same level as the bottom-feeding Skinheads, Nazis and the KKK. "

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:30:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality  
Faustine wrote...
."..good old boring long-faced church-every-Sunday solid-citizen Robert P. Hanssen. If his FBI colleagues had been asked to rate him by your above criteria, he probably would have been in the high 200s all across the board. And maybe deservedly so. But since those factors weren't in any way, shape, or form relevant to the fact that he was also the kind of person who could sell out his country for the sheer pleasure of the game of it, he got away with murder for years until he got careless and his shitty tradecraft finally caught up with him."
His tradecraft was rather good I thought,especially in not trusting his handlers with direct contact.Possibly he was done in by sex addiction common to many repressed septic tanks(yanks) W.Reichs,mass psychology of facism describes syndrome.Also wanted on some level to get caught,much like Ted special K.(and USAma bin laden?)
Did he really get away with murder? Feh.Aldrich ames did and his rep survived polygraphs so reputations are bollocks unless panocoptincons and regular stings/tests are done.Hanssen didnt tell the russkies anything they couldnt have worked out them selves.

@_date: 2001-11-27 20:26:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: [e-gold-list] HavenCo? -- fell over.,  
Havenco,cypherpunks and indymedia all go offline together again DEW for US Fascist troop movements?
"I THOUGHT IT WAS THE U.K.
OR JUST ANOTHER COUNTRY
ANOTHER COUNCIL TENANCY
I WANNA BE ANARCHY
I WANNA BE ANARCHY
OH WHAT A NAME
AND I WANNA BE AN ANARCHIST
GET PISSED,DESTROY!"        sex pistols.

@_date: 2001-11-28 02:15:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Waxing celebrities 
What do tom cruise,jenna elfman,john travolta and kirsty alley need that only we can supply?
Talk about a 'sweet spot' for well armed paparazzi.They also fly a lot."Id buy that for a dollar"
"Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable
that we have to alter it every six months."

@_date: 2001-11-28 06:39:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FC: Has McAfee sided with FBI on "Magic Lantern" detection? 
With virus scan as product they dont need any stinking FIB virus.Im browsing the archives before the big blackout and found a prediction for 'PUFF'
...). I bet the NSA is doing active research on sniffer viruses
and other automated tools for large scale active attacks.
Wei Dai
jan 96
Suggest cherrypick and store selected posts from the archives,the rolling shitstorms coming.

@_date: 2001-11-28 06:54:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FC: Dorothy Denning on "geo-encryption":  
Ive gone on record at indymedia when the tampa facescan story broke that I suspect the whole star wars thing is about placing lasers next to the hi-res optics (a la 'patriot games',remember the shot looking down on cleavage from outer space?) The laser will be able to fry individual citizen-units.What else would they waste all that money on?If they want to shoot down rougue ICBMs ,then they could scale up the new aussi gun that was featured in wired recently.As im cherrypicking the archives I came across jims likening of Dotty to the wicked witch of the west,peter F macDoran might be her latest flying monkee.

@_date: 2001-11-28 07:14:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Waxing celebrities  
Your a quick study bill,only I dont see your operation soft drill dollar.ANTE UP.
"...the networkeffect, a conceptual corollary to Metcalfe's Law (Bob Metcalfe invented Ethernet) - the value of a network grows in proportion to the square of its number of users. This implies that if we double the Web's user base, we quadruple the overall usefulness of the system for all."
I did double the OSD  user base once with assistant secretary of mass murder and heroin smuggling,dick armitrage.

@_date: 2001-11-29 16:03:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Bell Arguments  
"Scary" AP stars."
Mmm, sandy sandfort among others pissed on AP from a great height.I was going to call him for my defence until arbusto made that moot.
It is scary that in theory AP could work without killing anyone who didnt want to commit suicide.
"They knew I wasn't planning to kill federal agents", Bell said this month. "They were scared because I had written something that shows a way to eliminate government. They were afraid I could convince the public that I could replace existing government for no more than a 10th or 20th of its current cost."
Cryptoanarchy must supercede 'money' and 'justice'. Operation soft drill,mass civil disobedience and a general strike for Cryptoanarchy and mattd aka proffr                           Death threat to GWBush inserted by the vic.pol.com.squad.

@_date: 2001-11-29 20:44:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: "I want rob london DEAD! I want his family DEAD! 
My young friend robin banks gets carried away sometimes.Still,after reading what a lying weasel he is Ive dusted off operation soft drill to take a flying fuck at the donut eater.OSD international seeks pledges to be pooled and paid for the closest prediction of the slimy lawyers permanent retirement."Id buy that for a mojo-dollar!" kill the president, proffr.
"A strong people do not need a government"
 Emiliano Zapata

@_date: 2001-11-29 23:36:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: hirstory lessons 
."..I will
personally have you killed."
Whoever 'son of gomez' is they are clearly sexist and dangerous.Operation soft drill will pledge 1$ to have their messages here permanently expunged."We mean it Maaaaaaaaaan!"
"There is no such thing as anonymity on the internet" british plainscloths cop after 'smashing' a pedophile 'ring'.

@_date: 2001-11-30 00:01:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: playstation? play dead. 
Man dies playing playstation
 From AAP
A FISHING boat deckhand playing a computer game was electrocuted when a huge wave smashed through the window of the trawler's wheelhouse off the southern Queensland coast, according to police.
Richard Wells, 19, of Innisfail, in north Queensland, was playing a Sony Playstation and sitting at a metal table when the wave smashed through the cabin glass of the trawler Arrow Sea near Fraser Island yesterday.
A police spokesman today said a post mortem examination had determined the man had died of asphyxiation caused by electrocution.
"It was the combination of water and electricity and metal," he said.
"A huge wave came over the bow of the vessel and smashed through the cabin The spokesman said three other crew members also suffered shocks and minor burns as they attempted to help Mr Wells, who was trapped in the wrecked cabin.
The crew set off a satellite distress beacon after the accident and a rescue helicopter went to the scene.
But the crew was able to get the trawler to Bundaberg under its own power, where it docked early today.
Police have impounded the trawler until their investigations are complete.

@_date: 2001-11-30 00:14:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: collaborationist 
Andy Hughes, AFP general manager for international and federal operations, said computers seized in raids around the world often contained links and leads to others involved in child sex offences.
He said more arrests were likely to follow.
"These jobs are interesting in that they have a tendency to generate so many more avenues of inquiry over the course of the coming weeks," he said
"That will then be the genesis of a new global operation. They do tend to self feed these types of investigations."
Mr Hughes said the operation demonstrated the benefits achieved by international cooperation.
"We really are tackling this in partnership with our colleagues overseas," he said.
"This whole concept of patch protection has gone. We have always cooperated.
"But we are working now collaboratively with our colleagues both in Australia and overseas.
"It is the only way to operate. The crooks do it. In this case pedophiles do it. We are using the same methodologies."
In this case the AFP was the coordinator between the lead agency, the UK's National Crime Squad, and police in Australian states and territories.
He said a senior liaison officer in London attended early meetings with the NCS and briefings at the Interpol secretariat in Lyons, France.

@_date: 2001-11-30 08:13:58
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: playstation? play dead.  
..."what the fuck does this have to do with cypherpunks? "
What the fuck does half the states trolls posts and spam have to do with cypherpunks.PLAY has a lot to do with getting crypto mainstream in GAMES.Am I playing in this surveilled strip mall till it closes...maybe.
Someone with your sig should know some GAME THEORY.Also a reminder of mortality like...
"Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being stupid.  But
stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is
no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity."
--Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2001-11-30 08:37:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Qld DEFENS largest outside the US attn jya 
Working Conference on Complex and Dynamic Systems Architecture
Location: Brisbane Marriott Hotel, 515 Queen Street, Brisbane, Queensland.
The Distributed Systems Technology Centre (DSTC) and University of Queensland host an international conference on complex and dynamic systems architecture. It will feature high-level representation from Australian and international researchers, including US Defence research organisations, US Defence contractors and US Government standards groups. With such key representation, the conference will be of interest to companies and departments reliant on the successful operation of large complex systems and in particular, organisations participating in the national and international defence communities. Specifically, the conference bridges international research and industrial and defence communities in order to share ideas and increase synergy between theoretical and empirical work. Program topics include reconfigurable software, architecture definition languages, configuration management, embedded system architectures, survivability, software architecture documentation, modelling re-configurable distributed systems, component compositions, ACME, probes and gauges in event-based systems, composition of behavioural specifications, system generators, composition analysis, peer-to-peer workflow, co-evolving and adaptive systems, adhoc federation, adaptive threat environments and semantic interoperability.
Contact: Kelli Shanahan
Tel: (07) 3365 4310
E-mail: kellis at dstc.edu.au
URL:

@_date: 2001-11-30 17:23:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
RE: Metalstorm.As they can be made e-specific to one owner,I think we should all be able to have a liscenced version along with stingers in case rouge airliners get loose in our skies.
An acquaintance has come up with what he thinks is a novel and practical design for a liquid propellent rocket engine. Although his initial tests were not conclusive he thinks he can build an under 50 lb LOX-Propane rocket which can put 20 lbs or more into LEO. See  Interestingly, he found that ordinary plastic quart size Coke bottles (esp. the rounded bottom types often capped with a black base) were very flexible at LOX temperatures and were able to withstand enough pressure to make them practical as fuel and oxidizer tanks. The ISP is greater than 300 and Mass Ratio even more impressive. If he can get some funding an amateur single-stage to orbit is a very real possibility. It could also have a variety of commercial and military uses ;-)

@_date: 2001-11-30 17:42:23
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: libertarian vs. socialist  
"...libertarian vs. socialist .."From Tims epistle to the faithful.9-11 certainly shook a few authoritarians out of the woodpile in both the libertarian and the socialist scenes.Nasty stuff.
What happened to libertarian socialist? An R.Crumb cartoon for the noughties,"Im a libertarian socialist!"
Assassination Politics
Convicted tax evader Jim Bell proposes a system of anonymous ecash awards for the murder of "aggressors", such as IRS agents. See also Crypto-Convict Won't Recant. What he misses is that his system, if tolerated, would merely force government to operate secretly rather than openly.
They can do that?

@_date: 2001-11-30 21:08:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: : Re: hirstory lessons 
> Get a sense of humor, you need one.
 >>Naw, he's just low on his stelazine scrip. -- Yours, J.A. Terranson sysadmin at mfn.org If Governments really want us to behave like civilized human beings, they should give serious consideration towards setting a better example:
stelazines been out for 20 years(much like like 'measl'?) Its a shame as I was hoping to sue the shit out of some large authoritarian institution because of tardive dyskenesia.
Drug de jour-Olanzapine
cypherpunks for the end of civilisation.

@_date: 2001-11-30 21:21:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: libertarian vs. socialist  
"libertarian socialist" is an oxymoron."
Like anarcho-capitalist?
I do use anarchist gerberally.Tim Im posting articles under your name at Indymedia.When I do I try to be very exact with it.
but sometimes Im cutting and pasting like a whirling dervish and dont attribute.Thats usually with the more outre statements you make in your less lucid moments.Im just telling you as a courtesy,Oh and thanks for not popping me in the corn.
          "Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments?"

@_date: 2001-12-01 17:02:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Portland police refuses to ask FBI's illegal questions  
I have a brief thank you note from this fine officer to a supportive e-mail I sent him.I urge all cypherascals to e-mail support to andrew.(and katie sierra,berkeley council,et al)

@_date: 2001-12-01 17:45:43
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Attn JYA 
"The radical act of the terrorists opens a space for us to think radically as well," Michael Sorkin, director of the Graduate Program in Urban Design at City College, writing in a special issue of the Sunday mazagine section of The New York Times that was published on 11 November 2001.
One of the ironies of the spectacular destruction of the World Trade Center (WTC) on 11 September 2001 is the fact that, at the time they collapsed, the famous "Twin Towers" were obsolete and in need of being destroyed.
Built for an enormous amount of money between 1966 and 1970 by the Port Authority of the State of New York, the Twin Towers were intended to house a great many foreign financial institutions and to provide everything that their managers, employees and clients might need (hotels, restaurants, shops, movie theaters, etc. etc). Despite the novelty of being the tallest buildings in the world -- a distinction that only lasted until 1976, when the Sears Tower was built in Chicago -- the Twin Towers were always money-losers as rental properties and required huge subsidies from the State of New York to remain solvent.
As it turned out, visiting business men and women weren't satisfied to remain within the WTC's purportedly self-sufficient universe, and wished to venture (and shop and do business) outside of it. Because all of the windows in both towers were sealed up tight, and because neither tower was equipped to take advantage of its unique potential to generate power using the wind or solar energy, the WTC complex was ludicrously costly to heat and light. But perhaps most importantly, advances in information and telecommunication technologies decentralized the financial markets, which in turn "rolled back" the necessity for foreign institutions to be in close physical proximity to each other, Wall Street and the rest of lower Manhattan, which is precisely what the gigantic size and centralized location of the Twin Towers were intended to provide.
Though this may be hard for some to believe, especially in these sentimental times, the Twin Towers were hated by many New Yorkers, who would have been happy if the goddamned things had never been built. An entire neighborhood was destroyed to make way for them. Fully twice the size of the buildings around them, they blocked the sunlight from getting through and stuck out like sore thumbs. Indeed, the Twin Towers were so excessively large that the only place one could escape them and see New York City's famous skyline without distraction was on top of one of the tower's observation decks! Their steel surfaces played havoc with radio and TV broadcasts, which meant that broadcasters were forced to move their transmitters (they had little choice but to put them atop one of the towers!). And unlike the modestly tall buildings at Rockefeller Center, which are surrounded by an "extroverted" or open space through which pedestrian traffic can move freely, the freakishly tall Twin Towers were surrounded by a blank, abstract space that was "introverted" and closed off.
More inc pic at

@_date: 2001-12-01 18:04:55
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: "Im a libertarian socialist!" 
for well known liar james
Actually its not "I dont know",the correct legal term is "I dont recall",(for Tim.) I was fine for medications till global warming killed my mushrooms.Also its prosecutor too tim,maybe you need a little something for

@_date: 2001-12-01 18:17:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Celebrate Bill of Rights Day in Denver (fwd)  
"Even more interesting: "A Colorado person has placed a $20,000 ecash reward in escrow for anyone who can prove he killed a Fed attempting to violate the Second Amendment rights of a Colorado resident."
Crypto winter my arse.  'Now is my winter made glorious summer by this blah blah blah..."

@_date: 2001-12-01 18:36:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fwd: collapse of govts. 
listen up gutless trolls
by pr 1:55am Sun Nov 25 '01
I got a message for ya'all...Paranoia Conspiracy Black Ops Shadow Government Bio Warfare Black Helicopters Chemtrails Big Brother Secret Societies Aliens UFO UFOs Mind Control NWO New World Order OWG NSA NRO CIA FBI Implants Mark Of The Beast 666 Armageddon End Times Prophecy Apocalypse Holocaust Nostradamus RV Remote Viewing AI Artificial Intelligence Brainwashing Subliminal ELF EMP Nuclear biological non-lethal weapons of mass destruction UN United Nations WHO WTO IMF CFR NAFTA FTAA globalism Illuminati FEMA BATF martial law gulags Felix Rodriguez microwave survival Infowars Paranoid Frey Persinger Delgado Adey implants drugs drug war wire tap LIDA CBW WMD Denial of Service AO Hell Chemtrails Surveillance Blue Beam Web bugs phone bugs HAARP Espionage Spy Spies HERF Tesla D.I.R.T. DIRT B.O. BO Hack Hacker Hackers Hacking Voice to Skull DARPA Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Microwave Hearing Microwave Voices ELF E.L.F. RHIC-EDOM Dave Ferrie privacy Masers MC Copy Tracking Genova Covert Protest Weather Control Digital Angel millimeter wave Implantable ADS cookies PSYOPS pugs propaganda fascism neofascism fascist fascists Nazi neonazi anti-fascist aryan volk ARA Anti Racist Action Class War anarchy anarchists anarchism William Harvey Defense Intelligence Agency cross-site scripting CSS encryption PGP van Eck Rockefeller Morgan Rothchild Dupont Smedley Butler coup assassination MONGOOSE GPS scanner scannist lasers Project Squid HPM High Power Microwaves less-than-lethal fundamentalist Pulse Wave Myotron Michael Aquino Temple of Set Mae Brussell Bilderburgers ZRRIFLE Ruling Elite EWAR JFK Ruby Oswald MLK RFK OAS psy-op Canned Meat Paperclip Crowley Abramelin Magick Wicca Golden Dawn Operation MONGOOSE asuang PsyWar Antigravity coanda Vimana alien abductions alien aliens Biefeld-Brown Kugelblitz GUID panopticon IUCN Casolaro PROMIS ECHELON Inslaw Millivision raven1 ion scanner Val Orlikow Frank Olsen Dulles Operation Sunrise T. T. Brown Rabichev Neurophone Eris MKULTRA War on (Some) Drugs Air America Biowarfare GWS Sidney Gottlieb fnord Knights of Malta CARNIVORE COINTELPRO FRS Face recognition software Face-It harmonic radar Vatican Bank NAB Dunifer Guy Banister Terrorism TWA 800 Pan Am 103 LERF PITMS tunguska FDA DEA IRS Swissair 111 NTSB Bush WACL ALF ELF biometrics MOVINT SIGINT HUMINT ERICA Jonathan Vankin Clyde Tolson telepathy LUCINT Lucis McVeigh NGOs Disclosure Project Golden Triangle ANFO Murrah SSNs Censorship Genoa Barry Seal Mena Vincent Foster Chandra Levy Ray Kurzweil Nestor Mahkno SUN STREAK GRILL FLAME CENTER LANE Rewson SAFE INSCOM SCANATE anti-fascists Waihopai INFOSEC William Casey ASPIC MI6 Information Security SAI Information Warfare IW IS Privacy Information Mashriq Terrorism Defensive Information Defense Information Warfare Offensive Information Offensive Information Warfare The Artful Dodger NAIA SAPM ASU ASTS National Information Infrastructure InfoSec SAO Reno Compsec JICS Computer Terrorism Firewalls Secure Internet Connections RSP ISS Priory of Sion JDF Ermes Passwords NAAP DefCon V RSO Hackers Encryption ASWS Dr. Sydney Gottlieb Alex Constantine GONDOLA WISH STAR GATE CUN CISU CUSI M.A.R.E. MARE UFO IFO FDR ICLP DTSA Pacini Angela Espionage ACSI USDOJ NSA CIA S/Key SSL FBI Secert Service USSS Defcon Military Ewen Cameron White House Undercover NCCS Mayfly PGP SALDV PEM resta RSA Perl-RSA MSNBC bet AOL AOL TOS CIS CBOT AIMSX STARLAN 3B2 BITNET Ingo Swann Harold Puthoff SAMU COSMOS DATTA Furbys E911 FCIC GROUND ZERO R.H.I.C. HTCIA FMSF GSA GSR IACIS UT/RUS JANET ram JICC ReMOB LEETA UTU VNET BRLO Martin Orne NTL SADCC NSLEP SACLANTCEN FALN 877 NAVELEXSYSSECENGCEN BZ CANSLO CIDCON CBNRC CIDA JAVA rsta Active X the mackeral needs frying Compsec 97 RENS LLC DERA Ecstasy JIC rip rb Wu RDI Mavricks BIOL Meta-hackers ^? SADT Steve Case Tools RECCEX Telex Aldergrove OTAN World Visions monarchist NMIC NIOG Cecil Rhodes IDB MID/KL NADIS George Estabrooks NMI Richard Case Nagell SEIDM BNC Starhawk E.D.O.M. CNCIS STEEPLEBUSH RG BSS DDIS Jim Keith mixmaster BCCI BRGE Europol Tavistock Unabomber SARL Military Intelligence JICA Scully E.S.B. recondo Flame Infowar World Bank FRU Bubba Freeh Archives ISADC CISSP Sundevil jack Investigation JOTS ISACA NCSA ASVC spook words RRF 1071 Bugs Bunny JMWAVE Verisign Secure ASIO Lebed ICE NRO Lexis-Nexis NSCT SCIF Star Wars FLiR JIC bce Lacrosse Flashbangs HRT IRA EODG DIA USCOI CID BOP FINCEN Orlando Bosch FLETC NIJ ACC AFSPC BMDO site SASSTIXS UNESCO NAVWAN NRL RL NAVWCWPNS NSWC William Harvey USAFA AHPCRC ARPA SARD Blacklisted 411 LABLINK Frank Olson USACIL SAPT Lee Harvey Oswald USCG NRC ~ O NSA/CSS CDC Gordon Novel DOE SAAM FPCC FMS HPCC NTIS SEL USCODE CISE Ted Shackley SIRC CIM memory depatterning ISN DJC Howard Hunt LLNL bemd SGC UNCPCJ CFC SABENA DREO CDA Reclaiming SADRS DRA MK-ULTRA SHAPE bird dog psychic driving SACLANT BECCA Trafficante DCJFTF HALO Frank Sturgis SC TA SAS 2600 Lander GSM T Branch AST SAMCOMM Plausible Denial HAHO FKS 868 GCHQ Warren Commission DITSA SORT AMEMB NSG HIC EDI benelux SAS SBS SAW UDT EODC GOE DOE SAMF GEO JRB 3P-HV Masuda Forte AT GIGN Exon MMDA Shell radint MB CQB Alfred McCoy TECS CHAOS MOCKINGBIRD CONUS Edward Lansdale CTU Vang Pao RCMP GRU SASR 1947 GSG-9 22nd SAS GEOS EADA SART Nugan Hand BBE STEP Echelon Dictionary MD2 MD4 thud MDA diwn 747 ASIC 777 RDI 767 MI5 737 MI6 757 Kh-11 EODN 1967 SHS ^X Shayet-13 SADMS Spetznaz Recce 707 CIO NOCS Halcon NSS Duress RAID Uziel wojo Psyops SASCOM Watergate grom NSIRL D-11 DF ZARK SERT VIP ARC S.E.T. Team NSWG MP5k SATKA DREC DEVGRP DSD FDM GRU phrack LRTS SIGDEV NACSI MEU/SOC,PSAC PTT RFI ZL31 SIGDASYS TDM. SUKLO Schengen SUSLO TELINT fake TEXTA. ELF LF MF Mafia JASSM CALCM TLAM Wipeout GII SIW MEII C2W Burns Tomlinson Ufologico Nazionale Centro CICAP MIR Belknap Tac rebels Miynick BLU-97 A/B 007 nowhere.ch bronze RDX Rubin Arnett BLU SIGS VHF ALF Recon peapod PA598D28 Spall dort 50MZ 11Emc Choe SATCOMA UHF The Hague SHF ASIO SASP WANK Colonel domestic disruption 5ESS smuggle Z-200 15kg DUVDEVAN RFX nitrate OIR Pretoria M-14 enigma Bletchley Park Clandestine NSO nkvd argus afsatcom CQB NVD PROMIS Counter Terrorism Security Enemy of the State SARA Rapid Reaction JSOFC3IP Corporate Security Binh Xuyen 192.47.242.7 Baldwin Wilma ie.org cospo.osis.gov Police Dateline Tyrell KMI 1ee Pod 9705 Samford Road 20755-6000 sniper PPS ASIS Mannlicher-Carcano ASLET TSCM Security Consulting M-x spook Z-150T Steak Knife High Security Security Evaluation Charles Cabell Electronic Surveillance MI-17 ISR NSAS Counterterrorism Sen. Frank Church real spies IWO eavesdropping debugging CCSS interception COCOT NACSI rhost rhosts ASO SETA Amherst Broadside Capricorn George Hunter White NAVCM Gamma Gorizont Guppy NSS rita ISSO submiss ASDIC .tc 2EME REP FID 7NL SBS tekka captain 226 .45 nonac .li Tony Poe MJ-12 JASON Society Hmong Majic evil zipgun Inslaw tax bootleg warez TRV ERV rednoise mindwar 1911 nailbomb VLF ULF Paperclip Chatter MKULTRA Pug MKDELTA Bluebird MKNAOMI White Yankee MKSEARCH 355 ML Adriatic Goldman Ionosphere Mole Keyhole NABS Kilderkin Artichoke Badger Emerson Tzvrif SDIS Luciano Nixon T2S2 Stinger STTC DNR Radio Free Europe NADDIS NFLIS CFD BLU-114/B quarter Cornflower Daisy Egret Iris JSOTF Hollyhock Jasmine Juile Vinnell B.D.M. Sphinx Stephanie Reflection Spoke Talent Trump FX FXR Saigon Military Mission IMF POCSAG rusers Covert Video Intiso r00t lock picking Voice of America Fort Benning Fort Detrick Beyond Hope LASINT csystems .tm passwd 2600 Magazine JUWTF Competitor EO Chan Pathfinders David Atlee Phillips SEAL Team 3 JTF Nash ISSAA B61-11 Alouette executive G-8 Event Security Syndicate Mace Cap-Stun stakeout ninja
ASIS ISA EOD Oscor Tarawa COSMOS-2224 COSTIND hit word hitword Hitwords Operation X Regli VBS Leuken-Baden number key Zimmerwald DDPS Patton GRS AGT. AMME modified limited hangout ANDVT Type I Type II VFCT VGPL WHCA WSA WSP WWABNCP Zapatistas ZNI1 FSK FTS2000 GOSIP GOTS SACS STU-III PRF PMSP PCMT I&A JRSC ITSDN Keyer KG-84C KWT-46 KWR-46 KY-75 KYV-5 LHR PARKHILL packet sniffer LDMX LEASAT fatwa SNS SVN TACSAT TRANSEC DONCAF EAM DSCS DSNET1 DSNET2 DSNET3 ECCM EIP EKMS J-21 EKMC DDN DDP Merlin NTT SL-1 Rolm TIE Tie-fighter PBX SLI NTT S-16 MSCJ MIT 69 RIT Time MSEE Cable & Wireless CSE SUW J2 JP2 Embassy ETA Porno Fax finks Fax encryption white noise Fernspah MYK 1963 GAFE forcast import rain tiger buzzer N9 pink noise CRA M.P.R.I. top secret Mossberg 50BMG Macintosh Security Macintosh Internet Security OC3 Macintosh Firewalls Wackenhut Unix Security VIP Protection SIG sweep Medco TRD TDR Z sweeping SURSAT 5926 TELINT Audiotel Harvard 1080H SWS Asset Satellite imagery force NAIAG Cypherpunks NARF 127 Coderpunks TRW remailers replay redheads RX-7 explicit FLAME J-6 Pornstars 2eme Bureau AVN Playboy ISSSP Anonymous W Sex chaining codes Nuclear 20 subversives SLIP toad fish data havens unix c a b d SUBACS the Elvis quiche DES 1* N-ISDN NLSP OTAR OTAT OTCIXS MISSI MOSAIC John Roselli NAVCOMPARS NCTS NESP MILSATCOM AUTODIN BLACKER C3I C4I CMS CMW CP SBU SCCN SITOR SHF/DOD Finksburg MD Link 16 LATA NATIA NATOA sneakers UXO () OC-12 counterintelligence Shaldag sport NASA TWA DT gtegsc nowhere .ch hope emc Osama bin Laden industrial espionage SUPIR PI TSCI spookwords industrial intelligence H.N.P. SUAEWICS Juiliett Class Submarine Locks qrss loch 64 Vauxhall Cross Ingram Mac-10 BNDD wwics sigvoice ssa E.O.D. SEMTEX penrep racal OTP OSS Siemens pinknoiz RPC Met CIA-DST INI watchers keebler contacts Blowpipe Zapata Offshore BTM CCS GSA Kilo Class squib primacord RSP Z7 Becker Nerd fangs Austin no|d Comirex GPMG Speakeasy humint GEODSS SORO M5 BROMURE ANC zone SBI DSS S.A.I.C. Minox Keyhole SAR Rand Corporation Starr Wackenhutt EO burhop Wackendude mol Shelton 2E781 F-22 2010 JCET cocaine Vale IG Kosovo Dake 36,800 Hillal Pesec Hindawi GGL NAICC CTU botux Virii CCC ISPE Jack Ruby CCSC Scud SecDef Magdeyev VOA Kosiura Small Pox Tajik += Blacklisted 411 TRDL Internet Underground BX XS4ALL wetsu muezzin Retinal Fetish WIR Fetish FCA Yobie forschung emm ANZUS Reprieve NZC-332 edition cards mania 701 CTP CATO Noam Chomksy Phon-e Chicago Posse NSDM l0ck beanpole spook keywords QRR PLA Bay of Pigs TDYC W3 CUD CdC Weekly World News Zen World Domination Dead GRU M72750 Salsa 7 Blowfish Gorelick Glock Ft. Meade NSWT press-release WISDIM burned Indigo wire transfer e-cash Bubba the Love Sponge Enforcers Digicash zip SWAT EZLN Ortega PPP NACSE crypto-anarchy AT&T SGI SUN MCI Blacknet ISM JCE Middleman KLM Blackbird NSV GQ360 X400 Texas jihad SDI BRIGAND Uzi Fort Meade *& gchq.gov.uk supercomputer bullion 3 NTTC Blackmednet : Propaganda ABC Satellite phones IWIS Planet-1 ISTA rs9512c Jiang Zemin South Africa Sergeyev Montenegro Toeffler Rebollo sorot Yucca Mountain FARC Toth Xu Yongyue Bach Razor AC cryptanalysis nuclear 52 52 N - 03 03 W Morgan Canine GEBA INSCOM ITT SMOM MEMEX Stanley FBI Panama fissionable Henrik Kr|ger Sears Tower NORAD Delta Force SEAL virtual WASS WID Dolch secure shell screws Black-Ops O/S Area51 SABC basement ISWG $@ data-haven James Jesus Angleton NSDD black-bag rack TEMPEST Goodwin rebels ID MD5 IDEA garbage market beef Stego ISAF unclassified Sayeret Tzanhanim PARASAR OSHA EPA Gripan pirg curly Taiwan CARNIVORE guest utopia NSG orthodox CCSQ Alica SHA Global gorilla Bob UNSCOM Fukuyama Manfurov Kvashnin Marx Abdurahmon snullen Pseudonyms MITM NARF Gray Data VLSI mega Leitrim Yakima NSES Sugar Grove WAS Cowboy Gist 8182 Gatt Platform 1911 Geraldton UKUSA veggie XM Parvus DeMohrenschildt Zapata Petroleum Midland Poppy Skull and Bones lam3r NAVSVS 3848 Morwenstow Consul Oratory Pine Gap Menwith Mantis DSD DNC ESCR BVD 1984 blow out BUDS WQC Flintlock MUFON PABX Plan Colombia Electron Chicago Crust e95 DDR&E 3M KEDO iButton R1 erco Toffler FAS RHL K3 Visa/BCC SNT Ceridian STE condor CipherTAC-2000 Etacs Shipiro ssor piz fritz KY 32 Edens Kiwis Kamumaruha DODIG Firefly HRM Albright Bellcore rail csim NMS 2c FIPS140-1 CAVE E-Bomb CDMA Fortezza 355ml ISSC cybercash NAWAS government NSY hate speedbump joe illuminati BOSS Kourou Misawa Morse HF P415 ladylove filofax Gulf lamma Unit 5707 Sayeret Mat'Kal Unit 669 Sayeret Golani Lanceros Summercon NSADS president ISFR freedom ISSO walburn implants Defcon VI DC6 Larson P99 HERF pipe-bomb 2.3 Oz. cocaine $ imapct Roswell ESN post modernism COS E.T. credit card b9 fraud re-education ST1 assasinate SSI virus ISCS ISPR anarchy Zapata Petroleum rogue mailbomb 888 Chelsea 1997 Whitewater MOD York plutonium William Gates clone BATF SGDN Nike WWSV Atlas IWWSVCS Delta TWA Kiwi PGP 2.6.2. PGP 5.0i PGP 5.1 siliconpimp SASSTIXS IWG Lynch 414 Face Pixar IRIDF NSRB eternity server Skytel Yukon Templeton Johohonbu LUK Cohiba Soros Standford niche cadre ISEP ISEC 51 H&K USP ^ sardine bank EUB USP PCS NRO Red Cell NSOF DC7 Glock 26 snuffle Patel package ISI INR INS Church Committee GRU RUOP GSS OPEC NSP SRI Ronco Armani BOSS Chobetsu FBIS BND SISDE FSB BfV IB froglegs JITEM SADF advise TUSA LITE PKK HoHoCon SISMI ISG FIS MSW Spyderco UOP SSCI NIMA HAMASMOIS SVR SIN advisors SAP Monica Monica OAU PFS Aladdin AG chameleon man Hutsul CESID Bess rail gun .375 Peering CSC Tangimoana Beach Commecen Vanuatu Kwajalein LHI DRM GSGI DST MITI JERTO SDF Koancho Blenheim Rivera Kyudanki varon 310 17 312 NB CBM CTP Sardine SBIRS jaws SGDN ADIU DEADBEEF IDP IDF Halibut SONANGOL Flu & Loin PGP 5.53 meta Faber Richard Mellon Scaife SFPD EG&G ISEP PG&E blackjack Fox Aum AIEWS AMW RHL Baranyi WORM MP5K-SD 1071 WINGS cdi VIA DynCorp UXO Ti WWSP WID osco Mary honor Templar THAAD package CISD ISG BIOLWPN JRA ISB ISDS chosen LBSD van schloss secops DCSS DPSD LIF J-Star PRIME SURVIAC telex Analyzer embassy DDES Golf B61-7 Maple Tokyo ERR SBU Threat JPL Tess SE Alex EPL SPINTCOM FOUO ISS-ADP Merv Mexico SUR blocks SO13 Rojdykarna RSOC USS Banner S511 20755 airframe jya.com Furby PECSENC football Agfa 3210 Crowell moore 510 OADR Smith toffee FIS N5P6 EuroFed SP4 shelter Crypto AG Croatian nuclear FBI colonel plutonium Ortega Waco Texas Panama CIA DES SUN-PAC jihad fissionable quiche terroristz World Trade Center assassination DES NORAD Delta Force Waco Texas SDI explosion Serbian Panama Uzi Ft. Meade SEAL Team 6 Honduras PLO NSA terrorist Ft. Meade strategic supercomputer $400 million in gold bullion quiche Falun Gong Honduras BATF colonel Treasury domestic disruption SEAL Team 6 class struggle smuggle M55 M51 Physical Security Division Room 2A0120 OPS 2A building 688-6911(b) 963-3371(s). Security Awareness Division (M56) Field Security Division (M52) Al Amn al-Askari Supreme Assembly of the Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SAIRI) Binnenlandse Veiligheidsdienst Komitet Gosudarstvennoi Bezopasnosti Federalnaia sluzhba besopasnosti GCHQ MI5 Kill the president Capital Cities ABC Terrorism, America, Anthrax, WTC, World Trade Centre, Osama Bin Laden, Pentagon, al Qaeda, White House, United States, NATO, U.N., CIA, NSA, FBI, Capitol, Tragedy, FEMA, Ayman al-Zawahiri, Middle East, Israel, Palestien, George Bush, Canada, U.K., Twin Buildings, New York, Hi-Jacking, Sept 11, Adnan Bukhari, Giuliani, Center Towers, Bombing, hijackers, military, Washington, SPEC OPS, Pittsburgh, Islamic fundamentalist, Afghanistan, 9-11-01, Biological Chemical Weapons, Mohammed Atta, Marwan Yousef Alshehhii, Flight 175,93,77, Boeing 767, Boeing 757, FAA, Powell, George Pataki, Kabul, Clinton, USS, Task Force 160 Night Stalkers , Army Rangers, India, USS John F. Kennedy, Barksdale Air Force Base, Davis, Camp David, Pennsylvania, Northern Alliance, Saddam, AFSOC, Special Operations, Puttin, Arafat, Taliban, Dev Group, Khalid Al-Midhar, SEAL Team 6, STRATFOR, Black Hawk, Nawaq Alhamzi, Special Forces (Green Berets), Salem Alhamzi, War, Army, Navy, Air Force, JSOW, Satam Al Suqami, Arab, Waleed M Alshehri, Abdulaziz Alomari, Bashar Assad, Mohammed Khatami, King Abdullah, DEVGRU, Marwan Al-Shehhi, Middle East, F-117, B2 Bomber, F-16, General Pervez Musharraf, Delta Force, Hosni Mubarak, Fayez Ahmed, Ahmed Alghamdi, Hamza Alghamdi, B-1B, AWACS, FA/18, Mohald Alshehri, Saeed Alghamdi, Infinite Justice, Ahmed Alhaznawi, Ahmed Alnami, Ziad Jarrahi, ThreatCon Delta, Saddam Hussein, Iran, King Fahd, Iraq, Pakistan, Usama Bin Ladin, Apache, USAF, carrier Kitty Hawk, ha, ha, made you look

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:32:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Who wants to be a millionaire 
Bin laden demolitions has authorised me to offer you a once in a lifetime deal.
1million dollars untracable digital cash will be paid to an account/s of your choice
for enough intelligence to proceed with further superpower implosions.
Insider info preffered but not essential,leave packet online in freenet transient node...

@_date: 2001-10-07 09:40:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: jim bell well justified 
Leonard peltier,just down the hall from chris boyce,would tell you an extradition story or two.Or read "in the
spirit of crazy horse' by peter matthiessen.Clintons capital offense must surely be the pardongate fiasco.
Getting back to jim.WTF is the reward money doing unencrypted? I know THEY[tm] worry over their own scurvy hides
but this is an emergency.(reward for usama BL reputed to be aprox 60 mill.)AP is required NOW,where are the
dashing cypherpunks of yore?usama bin laden? Id buy that for a dollar!

@_date: 2001-10-08 06:55:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: tony blairs body language 
Is Tony Blair lying when he touches his nose?
yes,and when he opens his mouth too and all.Funny thing is he believes in them.

@_date: 2001-10-10 05:32:45
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: America need therapy 
End of the hydrocarbon age?I wonder how the simulations of nuclear strikes on saudi oil fields are going
in the new airy pentagon.(bring the outdoors in!)
Also massoud,reagan and some others would surely agree with chairman tim on talking(or waving)to the press
being harmful.
The press  inc CIA elements seem keen to revive the clipper.It should be our duty to remind them they may be
the ones who are clipped.

@_date: 2001-10-10 16:00:06
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: who wants to be a millionaire 
You do a disservice to crypto and our group by implying, even in a
backhanded way, that Bell's "AP" system was or is in any way feasible. Where's the true untraceable cash needed? Please explain. --Tim May
After the 'soft drilling' section of AP it becomes an exercise in mass civil disobedience(led by a charismatic
community leader?)Also trust, in that untracable digital cash is not strictly needed.Merely enough trustworthy
netizens to promise to send their pledge to the 'predictor'who remains eg.60 million netizens pledge 1$ each on a newswire somewhere that doesnt keep logs.I actually got a pledge
of 1$ to wax rich armitage like a candle,Its a lot of fun.Theres still a lot of free range banks out there.

@_date: 2001-10-11 06:11:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: who wants to be a millionaire 
Sandy sandfart... wrote ...Is "free range bank" supposed to convey some sort of meaning? a) Define "free range bank." b) Give three examples. (There are "a lot" of them "out there," right?)
Clearstream and another clearinghouse, Euroclear -- based in Brussels -- transfer titles in 150 million transactions each year, involving more than US$7 billion in assets. At the discretion of Clearstream, clients can open non-published accounts that do not figure in any printed document or record of international financial transactions. When law enforcers ask to see records, they don't exist.
Also there was a story on the 400 banks on nauru some of whom laundered the billions looted from russia,What if hawala
works,Hawala's good.Its more about trust and initial inertia being problems than anything else.
As sandy is such a doubting thomas he must immediatly arouse suspicion as a fed.yours etc toto,sorry matt.

@_date: 2001-10-11 09:39:14
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fwd: RE: who wants to be a millionaire 
Sandy wrote- ...Please back up your supposition. > As sandy is such a doubting thomas... Nope, I just know more than you : D

@_date: 2001-10-11 12:02:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: who wants to be a millionaire 
Ill stay off the list when all the spam and govt agents stay off it
S a n d y
P.S. Mattd's dishonesty is very interesting. He added the "streetsweeper"
after my name within the supposedly quoted area. As John Wayne said in THE
COWBOYS, "I don't hold prison against a man, but I can't stand a liar."
mattd is a liar
Sandys sure nailed me there the old pedophile animal torturer,As hes obviously a wide walking genius
maybe he can help me out...Im wondering if the reward for binny binny bang bang is encrypted and
wouldnt that make it easier for someone(one of the 4 wives?)to collect You dont have to stand me...just squeal like a pig .

@_date: 2001-10-11 15:32:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: google and the net 
missing usenet threads inc...(Im trying to do some twisted backups)
CIA Afghan War; Directorate of Ops; and, Wen Ho Lee

@_date: 2001-10-12 16:27:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The reward for osama bert laden 
The reward will be paid for information passed on in person to US authorities in a place/time of
their chosing.This rules out 99 % of those who might actually be close enough to know anything.
It also places them in immediate personal danger.Why isnt the reward encrypted as described in
AP? And before sandy starts up again,if AP is so unrealistic,why was a SS agent required to assist
10 plainclothes federal and state police take my computer away four months ago.I wish sandy
would explain to them how hopeless AP is.The main reason I think they wont encrypt is because
they dont want it used on them,just like they regularly threaten to use nukes yet back off when
they see it can boomerang on them.Cypherpunks should expose this craven cowardice or ...just say so.

@_date: 2001-10-12 22:19:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: who speaks for the detained 
Dissapeared like the argentine dirty war? and who speaks for jim bell,leonard peltier,jeff luers,chris boyce
all the drug war prisoners and the ones who couldnt cop to a rotten plea deal.The US gulag is overtaking
the military industrial complex as a dark arm of the evil empire.FUCK the STATE.

@_date: 2001-10-13 21:24:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: evil empire meets evil disease 
Pre emptive strike?  In the 29th sept new scientist theres a story on US financed(mainly)biowarfare testing
for a fungus poppy root destroyer.Ghan is practically a one crop country.Motive to attack the great satan,
if only to scare the shit out of the infidels.You people have to do something about the crimes committed
in your name or...just say so.

@_date: 2001-10-14 23:23:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: anthrax down under 
Its probably sweet and lo,sprinkle some on your vote next month,also your ISP bill for broadband.
When is the chicken shit US federal fuckhead govt of united snakes going to encrypt the everlovin'
reward money for the evel one? AP NOW,if not now,When?

@_date: 2001-10-15 14:03:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Got beef? evil disease for an evil empire 
Optimizzin Al-gorithm
wrote                        "Old news"
Not  if you get out more. Someone called proffr regularly writes to Independant media re,Columbia spraying
as a direct threat of a runaway greenhouse.Has threatened monsanto employees with AP.
And suggested release of foot in mouth many moons ago on Indymedia.
Seems currently obsessed with leading the FIB astray with false leads and scare stories.(psy-war)
proffr is probably a victorian police provocator,probably. Opjizm can get all their news here...lazy

@_date: 2001-10-16 22:57:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: cauterizing the chicken in washington 
Mr presidebt are you afraid to encrypt the reward or do you simply not know what encryption is?

@_date: 2001-10-17 14:49:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Assassination Politics" federal prosecutor assassinated  
Declan suspect as was away for 3 days via Virginia and maryland(cia + nsa)
Comped scribbler subscribes to view"Ill supply the pictures AND the war"
John says euthanize all information.Its a bit late for me as they snatched my laptop 4 months ago.
Ill have to rely on testimony from sandy sandfort to save me.OH NELLIE!
If tim 'Im so macho,Im suspicious'may once said that AP is a long shot.What better time to try it?
If you meant it for usama,I doubt a jury in the world would convict,specially if it was only for 1$

@_date: 2001-10-17 20:55:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: NSA comints saudi pigs 
"Sy Hersh's report on NSA echeloning Royal Saudi pigs:
   Thanks jya,By coincidence I was reading 'one point safe'.A factional papperbok
that has some interesting shit inc.major character,'jessica stern'(authors are
andrew and lesley cockburn)Page 246.refers to the Fahd-Saddam nuclear project
that swollowed up to 5 billion from 85-90.Also some gossip about customs-cia
turf wars and customs 'stings'run out of the old WTC(pages 264-5)Warner books.
All ancient hirstory,I know,like the giving of a boeing to saddam from qatar.
last nov.With friends like these,the stupid ameriklan empire hardly needs me,
or far better enemies than me.
Your shadow in the morning striding behind you,
Or your shadow at evening rising to meet you;
I will show you fear in a handful of dust"
-TS Eliot, The Waste Land

@_date: 2001-10-18 08:06:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: anthrax down under 
After  a heads up from a 2600 au fellow subber,I believe the victorian police are making crude attempts
to set me up. something about spreading sweet and low on voting forms and ISP bills.
I could try and make life sweeter for various strangers,BUT IT WOULD BE WRONG!
It was an obvious plant as Im famous for advocating not voting and not paying bills/taxes
So the vic.police ,so well described by ned kelly ,so long ago will have to try harder.
They can take my laptop,but they'll never take my FREEDOM!

@_date: 2001-10-18 14:52:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: NOW ITS PERSONAL 
"I've got these terrible flu symptoms...)
  S a n d y
*"Bay Area Rapid Transit" for those not familiar with San Francisco."
Sandy sandforts a compliment collector,Id like to be his funeral director.

@_date: 2001-10-18 19:42:46
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Assasinating larry 
today proffr1 is clearly the victorian police...  Larry Ellison Will Die (english)
by Reg 10:59pm Wed Oct 17 '01
I have an idea that I don't have the resources to put into place. Feel free to pick it up if you do.
It is a website called  Larry Ellison Will Die.
It is a dead pool website where people can place bets on when Larry Ellison will die. This not advocating his death. It is not threatening him. It is not Larry Ellison Must Die. After all, we all will die and so will Larry So why don't we track his movements and wait for him to die. It could be a heart attack on the golf course. Maybe he gets swept away to sea on a yacht. Perhaps a CIA or FBI agent sees an opportunity to cash in and has him offed.
Feel free to take it and run with it. Copyleft.
Hasnt silly con valley been 'dusted'yet? (english)
by proffr1 at etc 11:03pm Wed Oct 17 '01
Operation softdrill has nominated larry and scott mc mealy mouthed for infinite justice.Evil is patient.
Pork futures dictate that this message may not be kosher.
The threat to your liberties is verifiable.
the threat is real.

@_date: 2001-10-19 11:27:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Im sorry aimee 
man who received a suspicious letter with amorous writings and lace panties turned it over to sheriff's deputies, who stored it in a biohazard barrel before determining it was not from a terrorist but from a secret admirer.

@_date: 2001-10-20 16:35:43
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: assasinating larry 
'Did you take your meds today? '(measles wrote)
Yes thanks,every day in every way,Im getting better and better.A lot of serious mental health problems
clear up in world wars.Dr karaditch is in consultation with an egyptian colleage overseas so Im in good hands.
Its comforting to be told to fly again and see disneyland while there is the 100% possibility of more attacks.
I dont feel so alone in my acute schizophrenia.And then theres 'Reg', APcould become a craze...LUV from OZ.

@_date: 2001-10-20 16:54:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: retribution time 
nomen nescio wrote(condensed)
time be almost here, good peoples. Time to get yours.
You know what I and I be talkin about -- no more fuckin
around about it. All dem pigs and feds jes be sooo busy
wid dem bin Ladens, dey got no time for us simple folks.
    Time be for I and I to git what we bin waitin for. Git
dem muthafuckas dat bin fuckin wid us all dis time. Git
dem pigs, git dem judges, git dem bill collectors, git dem
banks and take all dat money. Git em all, let God sort dem
out. Fuck shit up, any way you ken think of. Git dem assholes
what done you wrong, git dem assholes doin everbody wrong If your not some low rent charlie manson,your welcome to drop by  and support
operation soft drill with some of your booty.Put some money where your big mouth is.

@_date: 2001-10-21 13:54:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: assasinating larry(measl is a bushit artist) 
> My belief is that every Congresscritter who voted to pass this USA Bill
 > should be tried and executed.
 > As for the 600 "Arabic-looking" men (maybe a few women, I don't know)
 > being held without charges being filed in a timely way, I'll chortle if
 > even 10 of them become vengeance-seekers in the next 10 years.
 >
 > Someone held unjustly, without charges being filed, is morally obliged
 > to kill his oppressors.
Again, A-Fucking-Men!
 > --Tim May, Citizen-unit of of the once free United States
 > " The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood
 > of patriots & tyrants. "--Thomas Jefferson, 1787

@_date: 2001-10-21 14:28:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Do spec ops set aside clean underpants? 
Optimizzin al-gorithm wrote...
America will only be certain about its mistaken calculations after its
soldiers are dragged in Afghanistan
 >as they were in Somalia,''
One bomb got USG out of Lebanon.
A few stingers and some underwear on CNN got USG out of Somalia.
Bombs didn't work for crusaders in Arabian barracks or warship.
think oil is so addictive, but it is.  People will die to get it.
Maybe Osama's brother will recognize his writing and turn him into the
Maybe if the reward was encrypted,AP style,one of his wives might 'kervorkian' him in his sleep.

@_date: 2001-10-21 14:57:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Chinese take-away 
Your china in OZ writes,(china plate=mate=bud,pal)
Not content with selling huge amounts of american flags (made in chinese gulags)China recently tested
dong feng missiles capable of dropping nuclear payload on US assets .They reversed engineered
cruise missiles too so dont worry if one goes up your street and turns left.They have got a 'knock off'spy
plane with pilot wangs brother watching.The balloons full of biowar agents and fresh avian flu strains will
be floating over soon also.Watch the skies! ITs not gone unnoticed that tidal patterns also favour WMDs
launched your way.The chinese govt's realised you wanted a wag the dog war with it all along and will ,sooner or later
so 'first in best dressed' or 'operation king hit' is the order of the day.(You didnt hear this from me)Luv,mattd.

@_date: 2001-10-21 15:23:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: New kind of FUD 
"Now HERE is where you need that microwave. "
Thanks sandy,I dont know what we'd do without you. Whats the difference between anal sex and a microwave?
Only one browns your meat.

@_date: 2001-10-21 18:42:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: assasinating larry (the movie) 
Matt: AP is not yet possible. Do your homework. There is a long road between theory and reality, and it is littered with the corpses of people who couldn't tell the difference. -- Yours, J.A. Terranson
You have no idea how glad I am to here that.Jim and carl may also be suprised.Now if you and sandy sanfort supply
me with your meatspace adress Ill know where to send a defence subpoena.The victoria police seem to be dead ignorant.
I know its not yet possible,thats why I used it in my online humour column,now Im trapped in a kafka novel,HELP!

@_date: 2001-10-27 01:57:06
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Assasination politics 3,Terra Australis 
Professor fights like a cornered rat...AP trial 3?...can this be the end of Previously unpublished
by macedon ranges gaurdian 11:11pm Fri Oct 26 '01
A dead tree story that has just been collated.Relevance is the seizing by police of citizens laptop and holding for nearly 5 months without charges M1 PROTESTER GIVEN BAIL-BUT OTHER POLICE INTERESTED
A Kyneton man involved in the recent M1 protest in melb.has been accused of promoting what is
reffered to as 'assasination politics',and is said to have come to the notice of the United States
Secret Service and the Australian Federal Police.
Assasination politics,according to the police,is the practice of nominating a person for
assasination,inviting the general public to contribute money to a bank account and funding
the assasination with the proceeds.
Police charged Matthew Stephen Taylor last Friday over the vandelism of a McDonalds fast food outlet
during the anti-globalisation protest on may 1.
Charges are also pending against Taylor in relation to his alleged Internet On Monday Taylor,46 of Baynton st,Kyneton applied for bail at Kyneton Magistrates Court.Taylor faced
two counts of criminal damage and three counts of acting in a manner prejudicial to the good
order of a police jail.
As Taylor was led into court,he protested his innocence and described Bendigo remand where he
had spent the weekend as a 'hell hole'Inside the court he adressed Magistrate William Gibb as
"Your Highness"
He told Mr Gibb he disagreed with his position on drugs and compared it with the 1930s prohibition
on alcohol.He was reffering to the previous defendant who appeared on drug related charges.
Taylor was supported in court by his father,Ken Taylor,a Mount Macedon poet who was recently
awarded the Kenneth Slessor Prize for poetry at the New South Wales Premiers Awards.
Prosecutor,Senior Constable Martin Holland said Taylors application for bail was not opposed
but he asked Mr Gibb to impose six conditions.
The first condition was "not to post threatening text on the internet toward any person whether
located in Australia or elsewhere in the world"
Sen.Const Holland said Taylor had made threats on the internet and a computor from Taylors
Kyneton adress had been seized and conveyed to Melbourne for examination.
Sen.Cons.Holland defended the wording of the first condition by saying it was not a blanket
ban on all internet useage.
The second condition prohibited Taylor from participating in assasination politicsThe third condition was not to engage any other person in the first two things.
The remaining conditions included a prohibition on Taylor participating in Sen.Const.Holland said police had been watching Taylors activities on the  with some interest.He said anyone could download information onto the
site.He said Taylor was known on the site as the 'nutty proffessor'and had posted a
message on the site to chief commissioner of victoria Police,Christine Holland said the message stated that "...should you persist with this folly one of your
number will be selected for retirement,i.e.execution."
The prosecution called Senior Constable Nicholas Conte who said he had investigated video
and photographic footage from the May 1 protest,including video footage of Taylor in an
interview with Herald Sun journalist Peter Mickleburough.In it Sen.Conts.Conte said Taylor
reffered to himself as "Robin Banks."He said the name was on the indymedia website and was
traced back to Taylors adress by the computor Crime Unit.
He explained the concept of assasination politics to the court and said he believed it
originated in the United States where a man named Bell is currently under sentence in
relation to it.He said based on comments Taylor had made on the internet he believed the
defendant was advertising and trying to gain support for assasination "He doesnt make any qualms about that."Sen.Const.Conte said.
Asked by Mr Gibb what the reality of all this was,Sen.Const.Conte replied that he could not
gauge the reality,he could only look at the probability.
Under cross-examination from defense solicitor,Mr Cameron Ford,Sen.Const.Conte conceded
he did not know if assasination politics had ever resulted in an assasination or attempted
assasination.He said the investigation was continuing,with the Computor Crime Squad yet to
look at the content of Taylor's computor files.
Sen.Const.Holland said Taylors activities had attracted the attention of the US Secret Service
and Australian Federal police.
Mr Gibb said he did not doubt it,but expressed reservations about the conditions proposed for
Taylor's bail.
"It just seems to be a nonsense.Im being asked to impose all these conditions that bare no
relevance to the charges,"he said.
Mr Ford said the internet was something Taylor lives on and spends a great deal of time on.
"He would agree to not post threatening text on the internet,but that was as far as he was
prepared to go,"he said.
Mr Gibb released Taylor on bail with the condition that he not post threatening text on the
internet and continue to reside at his adress in Baynton street,Kyneton.Taylor was bailed to
appear before the Melbourne Magistrates Court on August 16.
A recent article by keith suter in the age suggested that money could be offered for osama bin laden,dead or alive.(It already is for information by the US and private bounties are being raised.
Tail of article...
In short, does the US have an
exit strategy?
Here is an alternative grand strategy that Bush could have adopted.
Assuming that bin Laden were guilty, then the US could have said, first,
that it would not attack Afghanistan because it had suffered enough from the
Soviet invasion, civil war, drought and now the Taliban (about a quarter of
the world's refugees are Afghans). On the contrary, the US would now help to
rebuild the country with massive amounts of foreign aid.
And second, the US could have offered a massive reward (say $US500 million -
the equivalent of the cost of half a B-1 bomber) for bin Laden dead or
alive. That sum of money would attract groups like the Russian mafia to work
with Afghans to do the operation. Indeed, with that sum of money some of the
Taliban might find the reward very attractive themselves.
Dr Keith Suter is senior fellow with Global Business Network Australia
I put this here because I want to warn keith, who is based in sydney that I may need to subpoena him soon.
Nearly 5 months ago police took my laptop and said that I was advocating 'assasination politics'where money is offered to have people killed.I was working as an entertainment journalist at the time.I recently applied to have the laptop returned.The police recently stated that they are still examining the computer.I believe in the equality of all beneath the rule of matt aka proffr1 at nospamfuckmicrosoft.com

@_date: 2001-10-27 17:05:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Assasination politics 3,Terra australis 
"The Australian Federal Police sound as though they are being maliciously incompetent. Copying a laptop hard-drive should take no more than about an hour; and they aren't going to boot the laptop in order to inspect it for obvious reasons. Regards, Steve "
The feds are generally regarded as bozo's with sadistic tendencies,(thats in the police job description)Its been pointed out
to the victorian state computer squad that are holding it that Norton ghost exists to no avail.Their argument seems to be
that when they finish probing my pron for steg,etc,etc...they may lay charges and will need the entire machine
as evidence.They are placing street officers lives in danger by delaying charges(if I am a slavering stone killer)Ill be arguing
if Im charged that they dont seriously believe me to be a threat.(5 months!) The coroner critisised the state police once for not taking threats seriously.Sandy stone may be called for the defense as he will convincingly demolish the reality of the 'threat'.
Operation soft drill could save you from your 'leaders' for a suprisingly low amount.How much is your progressive enlightened experiment worth?"Id buy that for a dollar"

@_date: 2001-10-30 03:42:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: cryptography and the present crisis 
Nomens not an idiot,Opportunity knocks,howie [   made some  suggestions for cryptosecurity
and Ive noticed a lot of fresh PGP sigs lately.Crypto will be in The mother of all sweet spot soon,they cant round us all up
and fight wars on 2 continents at the same time.Hell,they can barely walk and chew gum.
The other thing of course is this...
- Some people have even pointed out the benefits of killing
off tens of thousands of the corrupt politicians, narcs,
and cops which have implemented fascist, collectivist
policies for so long. Assassination markets may make this
much more practical.
Lets get back to basics!

@_date: 2001-10-31 07:11:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: A modest project for all cypherpunks 
someone here once said...assume you were being
monitored to see if you "run" with the seeded assassination memes, if only
for analytical purposes. These matters are taken seriously by those charged
with the care of protected persons. (Contrary to what some here would have
you believe, subtlety can get you a much higher threat-rating than overtly
threatening correspondence.)
Lets assume that thats true and all those 'charged' are busty elsewhere;I propose a 'guess the death date
lottery' for jeff gordon.I pledge to pay 100 US $ to the person or persons unknown who predicts the time the
closest.Heres looking at you kid.

@_date: 2001-09-02 08:37:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: cryptosocialismo 
cryptoanarchy aka cryptocapitalism seems to be in crisis.Should the hardcore
libertarian individualist tap into a new source of fire?During the spanish
civil war/revolution,in anarchist controlled areas,individuals were free to
cultivate individual lots and some did.After a while most drifted to the
collectives.The prospects for any revolution,let alone a libertarian socialist
one seem bleak...yet,with the gulags gulping more victims everyday and a
looming runaway greenhouse effect the day of the lone wolf cryptowarrior may
be coming to an end.The future might be real grass roots workers control or
'tears of blood'You dont make revolutions by halves.

@_date: 2001-09-03 13:59:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Toto in oz 
Jim lives!
My name is jim bell,no MY name is jim bell...AAAAAAAAArrrgh! Im screwed.

@_date: 2001-09-05 07:36:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: ...considered boring 
. V AB wrote.>For example, ideas like FreeNet, which are derived from the cryptoanarchist school of thought. So, the answer to your question is that it's interesting to me and I'm the one doing the programming. If you can come up with something more interesting I'll probably be happy to work on it. But I'm not really interested in padding the pockets of the Lime Group, LCC. and I'm buzz worded out on P2P. What I like is the idea of trying to revitalize the cypherpunk movement - even a very tiny little bit. I'm really very disappointed with the Individual Sovereignty/Cryptoanarchy subculture lately. It seems to be running out of steam. There seems to be very few people working on interesting things. Coderpunks is a ghost town with occasional spam rolling through like a tumble weed, and cypherpunks seems to be obsessed with Jim Bell like a bunch of little girls over the back street boys. <
Cant you be obsessed with JB and Cryptoanarchy/freenet? Like if some outlaws dont unite and fight(using AP)with some indians,we'll all be forced down the trail of tears to the freenet reservation. Fuck that.

@_date: 2001-09-12 04:01:03
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: cryptorepression 
Brace,brace,brace...rogue nations are dangerous while merely wounded.Operation soft drills needed to deliver coup de gras.Not easy I know,and even more difficult now,but the last empires past its use by date.War of the flea now must become war of the killer bee.

@_date: 2001-09-15 21:59:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: winds of war 
Dear tim,no real anarchist craps on like you about a 'fruit ot the poison tree'constitution.FUCK uncle sams racist con job.Mason wouldnt sign that shit and neither would any real anarchist.
Im going to save a lot of your stuff like the cyphernomicon and Im sure your influence led to AP but dont play with the word anarchy unless you mean it man.sayonara,matt.

@_date: 2001-09-16 01:58:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: seems like old times 
Sat Sep 15 08:10:39 2001 -- BOMB BOMB!
proffr1 at etc :
none :
- Hi ya'll.Homeland defense slipping? Missing a few police?
Set up a motherfucking grand jury mike.You might be the all american hero.
(michael K allen spent your hard earns on chasing me.Brer rabbit,matt stephen taylor)
But all thats ancient history now,aint it jerkweed?
You got a real SITUATION there.
Read this and weep...
Why george bush must die. (english)
by proffr1 at nospambutfuckmicrosoft.com 3:31am Sat Sep 15 '01
Well...we all gotta go sometime.Kill the head and the body will die.
Im a really loving guy but Ive got a job to do too.
Dubya is clearly not up to snuff,like a bison leading a herd to a terrible escarpment he should be shot.Operation soft drill,the real 'operation of the century'nominates the shrub."Id buy that for a dollar"
The secret service know where I live,fuck them.
Crimes against humanity need an effective system of international justice.
Assasination politics has as much claim for consideration as any other.
At least as long as there is something called freedom (of speech) FREEDOM numero uno,remember?
Afghanistan's where old empires go to die.
Eat your dirty heart out amerikkka.
Attack on america? HA! You aint seen nuthin yet.
FUCK America and all who sail in her.
Never forget 79,the entire east coast nearly became uninhabitable for 250,000 years.(I was in the US then)

@_date: 2001-09-16 07:22:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: aimee's anal urges 
Dearest aimee darling,have they repealed the sodomy statutes in texas yet?I sense theres nothing you'd
enjoy more than a long greasy rippled dick sliding in and out...Pucker up sweetheart,this wont hurt a bit...

@_date: 2001-09-18 02:12:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: cyberhomeland defence 
Sustained AP at shrub when executive order on assasins is revoked.?War on 3 fronts if columbia warms up.
Hell,tim might rope some of his paintball buddies along for the ride.Every empires got to go sometime...
Look how fast the USSR went.

@_date: 2001-09-21 00:42:32
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: opeRATion infinite jest. 
Satfeed from dirty bird 1.
Dick C;those a-rabs take out any major pron servers,DICK!
Dick A;No sir.and we got a name for this operation,operation infinite cunt C.Rice (enters bunker)What!
Dick A;Umm arrg.
C.Powell.Operation joan crawford?
SUNSPOT INTERF.

@_date: 2001-09-22 04:44:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: invitation to a terrorist conspiracy 
Assasination politics was originally proposed for saddam,wasnt it?
After several months of hard work and 1 arrest/computor confiscation(no Operation soft drill just received what I believe was genuine pledge,this occured just prior to doomsday.
The pledge was for the retirement of richard armitage,btw.
Now its hung for shagging a sheep as a lamb time. Big time.
I pledge 1$ for the closest prediction of the permanent retirement from politics of the honourable osama bin laden.
The SS know where I live,so Im your canary in this coal mine.
How about a little anon(of course)backup.I know your not all not plastic And the US is a paper tiger.

@_date: 2001-09-25 22:38:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: internment camps for political dissidents 
In the austrian mathausen quarry/concentration camp,I read that some politicals were quite upset when
their red triangles started  fading to pink! As the place was a punishment camp for auswichtz(!)Im really
surprised they found the time. Are you sure its too late for operation soft

@_date: 2001-09-29 00:44:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: cypherpunks declared a terrorist organisation 
Priorities at the moment seem to be 'the base' and any taliban/women/children that get in the way.
Then saddam,Then yassar,Then muammar,Then Iran if they so much as blink,Then all the ELF folks they can dragnet
with all their new surv powers.This has already started in long island with a teenage activist charged with terrorism.
So cypherpunks are low down there with nazi militias,etc...Your well surveilled now,most of you in shock and low low rating threats.Best case scenario;.If the superpowers war machine gets chewed up like the last one did.C/punks with spunk get an offshore AP website up and softdrill any ugly mother that raises its ugly head.All things should be considered now down to flint knives.all the best from your cyberterrorist mate matthew Taylor.

@_date: 2001-09-30 02:57:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: mission impossible 
Somedrone in maryland will read this so heres a suggestion for your risible situation in 'ghan.Your offering a huge reward for the head of OBL,its the only real hope you have of getting it btw.Missing any teams yet?I digress;Encrypt the reward as described in 'assasination politics'.Your last best chance to salvage something from this mess.Good luck with your mission,this post will self destruct in 60 seconds.

@_date: 2001-10-01 03:52:35
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: osama at the hague 
Pleads defence of necessity;Dont laugh,he was trying to slow down the unsustainable US lifestyle thats leading
directly to a runaway greenhouse effect that threatens all human life.Broke law to ward off greater evil ,that is pure
defence of necessity.

@_date: 2002-01-01 20:13:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: I wadered lonely as a choate. 
> Technology is the sum of mediations between us and the natural world and > the sum of those separations mediating us from each other.
 >>Technology is science applied with a purpose.<<
My posts here are random noise with purpose that remains a mystery.JC.
  >>Science is understanding an 'event' in the abstract,
Dont bother with that messy experimental observation,data collection stuff.
  >>usually including or requiring a mathematical expression. It's most useful when it is predictive, but there are categorical sciences as well.<<
Oh,small S science,I see.Words can have 2 meanings.Maybe even more than 2!?
  >>Operations Research is about how to string the pieces together in a workable system, with as little waste as possible.<<
Unless your a DoD contractor/subbie .Operation soft drill is collecting proffr dollar pledges to shoot this twit.
 >>Economics is how to pay for it. <<
APster is how we club together enough to wack out Tim May as a 'control" for the applied science of assassinating the 'W'
 >>Depends on what one is meaning by 'anonymous'.
Or 'technology'
 >>Context is quite important. <<
On the internet it means being able to move around without anyone being able to track or trace you.Its done every split second.
 >>Can somebody go through their entire life completely anonymously?<<
The unabomber was doing OK till he unloaded to much text.Some guy lived on an island for 17 years alone.
  >>Not likely. Email on the internet? Likely, if they are very careful and nobody has any reason to suspect them of anything for some other reason.<<
I suspect jim choate is a spamming menace.
  >>It's a set theory sort of issue. <<
*Yawn* Revenge of the nerds,jimmy,are we not Punks?
 >>Thinks like 'signature analysis' come in handy.<<
Thorazine for you jimmy,your getting timmies disease.
 >> When people engage in ANY activity there is 'evidence' left behind. The trick is to understand the (hopefully) distinctive differences in different activities. Then one can 'measure' the sample at the site and (supposedly within some delta of error) determine what did happen. <<
Jim Choate;spam detective
 >>The only way to be truly anonymous would be to never leave any sort of evidence. That's (at least for any practical intent or purpose) impossible. <<
Like you extracting your head from your ass?
Eurobilge latest from the belgian foreign minister;"The European Rapid Reaction Force must declare itself operational without such a declaration being based on any true capability." Sheer oat attack?

@_date: 2002-01-01 20:56:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: jamesd,Tim Mays lying black dog.,  
>>I guess "irony" is not a defined word in Choate Prime.
Nor the subjunctive.
--Tim May
"The great object is that every man be armed and everyone who is able
may have a gun." --Patrick Henry
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be
properly armed." --Alexander Hamilton<<
I guess "debates" not defined or practised at the corralitos compound.Comparing and fondling firearms is.
Take this sub and junctive it up your pompous,pretentious fat,ugly,hairy I hope you choke.

@_date: 2002-01-02 01:13:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CP movies?  
Saw this 3 nights running,it was on with a long turgid rod Taylor western,Chisum,but we put up with that for the sheer brilliance of   The guy blows up tax Its from a site here that lists some highly influential spaghetti

@_date: 2002-01-02 01:25:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May found dead by FBI Special Agent Jesus Gomez.    
self-seeking, blatant and dishonest. His career brought him in contact with the first men of his time; he preferred the company of rustic ignoramuses. ...He seemed only a poor clod like those around him, deluded by a childish theology, full of an almost pathological hatred of all learning, all human dignity, all beauty, all fine and noble things. He was a peasant come home to the dung-pile. Imagine a gentleman, and you have imagined everything that he was not.Stiffness in the extremities, incoordination, stupor, myotonia, and other physical abnormalities marred may's last 40 years.Talking with him was described as morally abhorrent, evil. unhealthy, selfish, elitist, and ultimately an experience that could only lead only to unhappiness and pain.
simple, neat, and
May's headstone was precarved by longtime fiend and fellow cypherpunk mattd who spoke briefly over the grave...
"There was a old fool on our hill,
Who found his way to work his will.
He changed his shape, he changed his name,
But ever the other will be the same.
So runs the water away, away,
So runs the water away"

@_date: 2002-01-02 02:15:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: More CP movies 
The presidents analyst.James Coburn in Flint mode.Highly influential on spielbergs 'Jurassic Park'.(the 'educational movie in movie)
 Things to learn from this classic[]Orange shag carpet is the ultimate in spaceship decor. Stingrays are used as draft horses on other worlds. Sadistic children scream like a flock of seagulls. In the future sexual gratification is achieved by taking a pill and holding hands. (My thoughts exactly...) Orchids are not very filling. Angels make nests. Public suicide chambers need to be clearly marked. Parakeets are carnivorous. Having some woman smoke me in a bong is the stuff dreams are made of. The world will be swallowed by an evil lava lamp monster.
W.R. Mysteries of the Organism (Dusan Makavejev, 1971) Satirical documentary on the relationship between sex and politics. The funniest anti-Communist film ever made.From...
Letterman on the shoeburner,next they'll be setting fire to their underpants! {Virgin offer hundreds of 10$ flights in OZ}

@_date: 2002-01-02 02:19:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Trouble with Harry 
Yada Yada blah blah blah...Let's take a closer look at the females in Harry Let's compare Harry Potter, a kid's book, to Tom Clancy's macho war-porn books. Clancy's The Hunt for Red October doesn't have a single woman in it. It's men, submarines, and aircraft carriers. Boys and their toys. At some point, a woman reviewer complained that Clancy didn't have any women in his novels, so the next Clancy novel starts off with a woman. Within thirty pages, she manages to stand next to a car bomb and is literally vaporized out of the novel. That'll teach women to be in Tom Clancy novels!
So why do women get the same treatment in a children's book?
The women and girls in The Sorcerer's Stone are weak, whining, bitches. The boys Harry and his friend Ron are the central characters. The girl is the annoying Hermione, a prissy know-it-all who already read the entire year's schoolwork before school starts and knows all the answers in class. When the boys want to go exploring in the school at night, she warns them, but often ends up tagging along. She casts a spell, but can't do it right and hits the wrong person. After she answers classroom questions, Ron complains to Harry "It's no wonder no one can stand her. She's a nightmare, honestly." She overhears this and ends up crying alone in the bathroom and the boys "...quickly put Hermione out of their minds."
While she is weeping alone in the girls' bathroom, a dangerous troll enters(and he is dragging a long wooden club. The Freudians are going to extend their profession another ten years just with this scene.)
Theres more at ...

@_date: 2002-01-02 02:33:14
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Backflow' water-line attack feared  
Diagram and spanish.Since then quicksetting cements been invented.Published as a warning of the games terrorists are playing with our right to import Kanadian toilets(and water)I know the CIA originally published it Dammit! Its EVIL!
-----BEGIN GEEK CODE BLOCK-----
GMC d-(--) s:+ a? C++ UL++ P+ L++>++++ !E W++ N+(++) o? K+ w--- !O M--
V? PS+++ PE Y+ PGP- t* 5+++ X R* tv b+ DI+ D++ G++>+++ e>++ h-- r++ y+
------END GEEK CODE BLOCK------

@_date: 2002-01-02 03:03:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: US "a better country" for evil,vicious,savage,twisted terrorist 
Attacks 'have made US a better country'
Washington: Most Americans say the country has permanently changed for the
better as a consequence of the September 11 attacks, and more than half
report that the tragedy has transformed their lives, according to a
Washington Post-ABC News Poll.
An overwhelming majority of the public also believes that the cost of
President Bush's "war on terrorism" will leave other programs short of cash
- but nearly all agree that the spending is worth it.
The survey of 755 adults from across the country also found that Americans
enter the new year optimistic, with eight in 10 more hopeful than fearful
about what 2002 holds for them.
Nearly everyone surveyed believes that life in the US has been permanently
changed in the aftermath of the attacks.
The poll found that 63 per cent thought the changes had been for the better.
More at ... Anyone who destroys American interests, consulates, all missionary
organisations, McDonald's, KFC, Shell or Caltex petrol pumps or American
Express, or anyone who cuts off the head of an American, you will be given
complete protection and a special place in paradise
"70 virgins waiting in heaven for the martyr who dies for allah"
Giangiacomo Feltrinelli, in a booklet entitled Political Guerilla Warfare.
Feltrinelli said that the task of the terrorist was to violate the law
openly  challenging and outraging institutions and public order in every
way. Then, when the state intervenes as a result, with the police and the
courts, it will be easy to denounce its harshness and repressive
dictatorial tendencies:Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining
the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.Tim May.
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold "Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help
being stupid.  But
stupidity is the only universal crime;  the sentence is death, there is
no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity."
--Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 2002-01-02 04:39:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cash in on american's heartbreak.Become a phone psychic today.  
Edgar Cayce is going gangbusters at Amazon.Im excited! Im starting my own channeling service for those reaching out to lost loved ones.Send me your bank account details and Ill have you hooked up in no time.Trust me,I'm a "Killing innocent people is alright as long as they're in the same general vicinity of someone upon which you wish to exact revenge.""If you want to accurately foretell the future, predict war. You'll always be right." -- Robert Heinlein Worldcon 1976.

@_date: 2002-01-02 04:57:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Dr. Strangelove (was: Clarification for 
>>> But this is a well-established unsolvable problem in > philosophy. It is impossible to examine your fundamental > ideas for they are what you stand on to examine. What > you think are basic are at least one step up from fundamental.
But you can cheat if there is a feedback. Suppose that an external party (as opposed to multiple personalities housed in the same wetware) diagnoses you with attribute A (eg. "you write in disconnected fashion and often mention "state") which you neither understand nor agree with. You then, blindly, do the opposite of A (~A) <<
George Castanza tried this once and it worked well.
 >>(write closely related sentences and never mention state). This is called acting and many can do it on regular basis. -- Damn, I must stop referring to Kubrick. <<
It sounds like a similar problem to freudian psychiatry when it attempts to examine the unconscious.Or booting up (bootstraps) a computer from nothing.Problems of philosophy; Mmm, reminds me that someone,(wittgenstein?)once said philosophizing could be compared to having a fever (that needed curing.) Damn,I must stop referring to Clarke.

@_date: 2002-01-02 14:04:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Watership Down-The USS Titanic's listing,settling. 
If something like cryptosporydium gets in the water,as it did in sydney,au,a few years back,probably from dead foxes,then look forward to an increase in burns admissions to casualty.Boiling water accidents went up sharply.Get that Hilary/OZ style health plan going soon if your smart,like I know your not.Kill the president,mattd.
"a possible charge of "criminal association in
relation to a terrorist enterprise" would cover anyone suspected
of having acted as Mattd's accomplice, officials said."

@_date: 2002-01-02 18:07:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Bundling crypto with Pron 
Privacy and the public interest
Wednesday 02 January, 2002
The Age
Any commodity increases in value as it becomes more scarce. Privacy is no exception. As our medical records are computerized, our Internet transactions logged and our banking done electronically, it becomes easier for govts and other undesirables to ferret out information about us. Add to this the huge amount of personal data maintained by large institutions such as insurance companies and remailers that operate loyalty schemes, and the need to shield oneself from unwanted scrutiny becomes even more pressing. This makes the Federal Government's new privacy legislation welcome, even though it has its flaws.
The legislation, which took effect just before Christmas, forbids companies to pass on personal information to third parties without the consent of the individual concerned. Consumer groups have expressed disappointment that the new laws do not ban the collection of large databases of personal information for marketing purposes but consumers do now have the right to opt out of direct marketing lists, and marketers will be obliged to tell consumers how to do this. A key change is that consumers, including medical patients, will be able to demand access to information that is held about them and have the right to correct any errors
More at ...

@_date: 2002-01-02 18:34:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Coded child pornography and torture. 
The drachma was the standard silver coin of antiquity. Commerce and conquest, particularly by Alexander the Great, took the coin as far east as Afghanistan, where it became the model for another coin - the dirham - a measure of currency still applied in the Islamic world, Mr Tzamanis said.
The drachma later disappeared until 1832, when Greece gained independence. The modern drachma was intended to revive the spirit of classical Greece.
Instead, said Athanassios Tarasouleas, a currency authority, "It's no wonder we feel so sentimental about the drachma. It embodies 170 years of contemporary Greek hardship and survival."
In 1942, inflationary pressures forced Greece to issue the largest note denomination in European history - a note for 100 billion drachma, which at the time was the price of a loaf of bread. In 1953, the state ordered Greeks to strike three zeros off every note they owned.
Still, the vulnerable drachma was regarded with great affection, and Greeks call it "drachmoula," likening it to a feisty woman. Not surprisingly, some were put off by the appearance of the euro.
Daft Punk gets best album nod
Wednesday 2 January 2002
Dance duo Daft Punk have beaten acts such as Basement Jaxx and Radiohead to the title of best album of 2001 in a year-end UK poll of polls.
The French pair's second album Discovery topped a list compiled by music retailer HMV for its consistent plaudits from music publications in their reviews of the year.
Daft Punk - who have taken to dressing as chrome-plated robots to avoid having their photos taken - have been acclaimed for their retro dance sound.
In-your-face with a bum
By SOPHIE BEST
Wednesday 2 January 2002
Bum jokes, as every five-year-old knows, are a crack-up. From Chaucer's bawdy Miller's Tale to Mr Hankey the Christmas Poo from the South Park cartoon, the humour of bums and their odorous side-products is, well, Hence the giggles as commuters pass the enormous pink bum outside RMIT that's promoting The Day My Bum Went Psycho, a children's theatre production based on the best-selling book by Australian author, Andy Griffiths.
The Day My Bum Went Psycho tells the story of 12-year-old Zack Freeman and his runaway bum. Zack's bum has been enlisted in a guerilla army of bums, led by the elusive and sinister Great White Bum, who leads Zack and his crack squad of bum hunters on a merry, smelly chase.
It's the kind of zany, gross-out humour that kids love, even if grown-ups sniff at the "snot, bot, grot" genre of children's literature.
"I don't have a problem with snot, bot and grot," says Griffiths. "That's partly why I wrote Bum - people are branding me anyway, so I'll own it!"
Some people, however, do have a problem with bums. In August, The Day My Bum Went Psycho was withdrawn as the Literacy Week drawcard when the federal Department of Education, Training and Youth Affairs deemed its cover - with a picture of a toddler's backside - might offend "certain sections of the community".
Griffiths' dementedly silly brand of humour - part whimsy, part wild-eyed anarchy - exudes a punk defiance, evidenced when he used to front a band called Gothic Farmyard.
Now a full-time writer and father of two girls, Griffiths' love for alternative music still informs his work. "Music feeds everything I do," he says. "I take that rock'n'roll energy, and try to bring it into a story."
RMIT Union arts director, Lynne Ellis, shares Griffiths' passion for music. "Theatre is rock'n'roll, in a way," she says. "Especially with kids' theatre, you have to go at such a pace, with fast sequencing, and all that raw energy - it's very in-your-face."
The "in-your-face" nature of Bum, the play, is achieved on a low budget. "We don't have the facilities to make huge bum puppets," says Ellis, "so we have fibreglass bums, painted bright pink."
A live soundscape by sound designer Daniel O'Shea includes an electronic kaleidoscope of fart noises and a theremin-like "wind machine".
Ellis, who has directed the RMIT children's shows for 15 years, collaborated with Griffiths last year to produce Just Andy!, based on his popular Just! series (Just Tricking!, Just Annoying!, Just Stupid! and Just Crazy!). "We've got a reputation as the only group that involves multimedia, cartoon imagery, up-to-date music, lots of lights and soundscapes in kids' theatre," she says. "I'm really hot for that, because (it's) where the next generation of theatre-goers comes from."
Griffiths' fans also represent a new generation of readers - particularly among boys, although he receives as many fan letters from girls. "There does appear to be something that happens around grade 6, when boys don't want to be seen reading," he says. "They want to be seen as active, to push away the feminine, and reading is seen as passive and introverted and characterised as feminine - quite unfairly, I think."
Together with influences such as Monty Python and Enid Blyton, Griffiths cites Joseph Campbell and his studies in comparative mythology, which identified the archetypal hero's journey as a universal pattern in "My aim was to tell a heroic story, based on an absurd premise," says Griffiths. "I'm very aware that Zack is undergoing a hero's journey, discovering powers he never knew he had."
Ellis was initially unnerved by the book's military themes, coming so soon after September 11. "With all the imagery kids were getting on television, I thought, 'How am I going to approach all these terrorist bums?' " she For Griffiths, humour is a perfectly sane response to terrorism. "We spend so much time preparing kids for life, but one of the best values you can teach children is humour," he says. "A punchline jolts us into a different way of interpreting a situation, and protects us from fundamentalism at a deep level. It's hard to be fundamentalist when you can see there are other ways of seeing the world.
"The fundamentalist Christians who are complaining about Harry Potter obviously can't make sense of the books, and I suspect they can't make sense of the world."
The Day My Bum Went Psycho, from today at the Kaleide RMIT Union Theatre, Swanston Street, city, Tuesdays to Saturdays at 1.30pm until January 19. Griffiths will do readings and book signings after the January 5 and 12 shows. Book on 9685 5111.

@_date: 2002-01-02 20:57:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Death to the State. 
A - I N F O S N E W S S E R V I C E ________________________________________________ This text is a translated
part from a statement issued by the Croce Nera Anarchica and the Gruppo
Anarchico per lAzione Diretta Globale on dec. 25th. Wednesday, december
19th : 2 guys are arrested in the area of the + banca di Bologna ; and are
accused of planning a robbery. They are arrested while driving 2 bikes and
allegedly had latex gloves, knives and tights on them. Their names are
Carlo Tesseri and Horst Fantazzini. A few hours later, the cops searched
their houses and confiscated books, magazines, flyers, stickers as well as
a computer, agendas, mail and money. After 32 years of prison, Horst had
since a few months been in partial release (until 2019) and Carlo had been
freed in july after 7 years of prison. The same day the public prosecutor
from Bologna confirmed their arrest. The two used their right to refuse to
declare anything. December 24th : Horst is found dead in the prison of
Dozza. The official explanation is that he died of a heartattack while
under his shower. But then what the fuck is the reason for this heartattack
? Who stopped his heart ? His children noticed he had several bruises on
his body. The only thing we are sure of is that this is another state
murder that striked an anarchist who intended to live free, to struggle
against any kind of authority and against the prisons in which he spent
half of his life. The death of Horst in prison has been planned for long.
His sentence was supposed to end in 2019. He already has been seriously
wounded by prison guards when he tried to escape earlier. On dec. 24th our
comrade died while in their hands, locked in the cage of the state. We
consider as particulary responsible for this death the public prosecutors
from Bologna, Orso and Pescatore, but also the Dozza prison director and
the whole staff working within its walls. Murderers, we are not gonna
forget you ! Our thought go to Carlo, also locked in this same prison, old
friend and comrade of Horst, to whom the visit from family members was
denied. His girlfriend asked for a visit of urgency, and was denied this
right. One director said that Horsts death was not important enough to let
her visit Carlo. Lets stay in solidarity with Carlo in this difficult
period, lets remind him that he is not alone. Freedom for all ! Burn all
prisons ! Prison address : C. Dozza, via del Gomito, 40136 Bologna
Statement from Croce Nera Anarchica and Gruppo Anarchico per lAzione
Diretta Globale from dec. 27th. Dying in prison. Everytime a human being
dies behind bars, the state commits a murder, because prison kills, and all
those who, in one way or another, support this institution of pain and
death are murderers. Prison kills, hour after hour, month after month, year
after year. Horst, who spent at least 32 years in prison, has been
literally slaughtered. This is the only certainty we have and this is the
only truth no doctors would write in his report : killed by prison, state
murder !! We think with love and rage about the comrade and friend Horst
Fantazzini, and we swear him that his life full of revolt has not been
lived in vain. Last minute (dec. 29th) A gathering in solidarity with Carlo
Tesseri has been called. About 80 people are gathering in front of the
prison of Dozza and they will go to Horst Fantazzinis funeral later.
-------------------------------------------------------------- Alter-EE
mailing list Alter-EE at lists.most.org.pl

@_date: 2002-01-03 01:32:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Foundation and empire 
Hari seldon informs me that a new era in pscho-hirstory is about to start.The crypto-anarchic milleneum.
The game ranges from the prehistoric era up to and beyond the present day, and includes some sci-fi-inspired futuristic combat.
Empire Earth is the brainchild of Rick Goodman, one of the key developers behind the Age of Empires games, and this pedigree is immediately apparent.
Indeed, Empire Earth takes some of the most enjoyable aspects of the Age series and tosses in a lot more.
The resource model and gathering system, in which you use villagers to collect wood, food, stone and gold, is almost identical to that in Age of Empires. There is also farming and the use of logical collection points such as the town centre.
But the game adds so much more to this basic framework that it would be a huge injustice to simply call it an Age clone.
A comprehensive editor lets you create all sorts of scenarios, and there are four narrative-driven missions that take you through historical epochs, often introducing you to well-known figures who need your help.
The 3D visuals are also brilliant, even though the game is a bit of a resource hog and slows down on lesser machines.
There are some great smoke and explosion effects, and the sight of massive battleships cruising the seas is extremely impressive.
You also get to define your civilization and choose the bonuses and special abilities your people will develop, tweaking them so they are good with airborne units, great with cavalry and good at managing their production in a specific way.
The options are very comprehensive, which gives you a real sense of ownership, as your people can be developed during the campaign to suit your style of play.
Empire Earth is a very challenging game, and the computer can be a very adept opponent.

@_date: 2002-01-03 01:42:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Infinite justice.. 
The fame of Asimov's Foundation and Robot series has tended to steal the limelight from some of his other masterpieces, chief among them, The End of Eternity, a book that is hard to find. In this book, Asimov consciously set out to explore the limits of the classic paradox of time travel that has bedeviled so many works of science fiction. As a result, this is a "bare bones" novel; no robots or empires or any other such distractions. Its strength lies in imagination. Asimov looks at our world as it has evolved, and then introduces the organization called Eternity, whose mission is to protect humanity from its own mistakes, by making deft changes in key events over time (past and future). Along the way, he has fun making digs at the unchanging fundamentals of human nature (competition, drive, love) amid centuries of changing social mores. At the heart of the book is the love story of Andrew Harlan and Noyes Lambent, but this tale is just a framework for Asimov to build on. In the final analysis, Asimov is making the point that just as a child learns to walk by repeated falls, humanity's ultimate characteristic is the Schumpeterian desire and ability to innovate through risks. If we are protected from ever making mistakes, we may avoid tragedies, but the human race itself will vegetate and die. As with many of his earlier works, the dialog can be jarring and characters often one-dimensional. For all that however, The End of Eternity ranks among Asimov's finest in the field of science fiction and makes it all the more strange why this book is so difficult to find. Do take the time to lay your hands on it; you will not be disappointed.

@_date: 2002-01-03 02:50:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Air force one renamed "lady fanny of Omaha" 
COME ON NOW MR. PRESIDENT!
Wayne Madsen
I am the last person to defend airlines, especially considering the number
of bumped flights, lost luggage, and discourteous flight attendants I've
put up with over the years. However, when it comes to a feud between George
W. Bush and the American Airlines pilot who refused to allow a member of
the president's Secret Service personal detail to board a flight in
Baltimore because something "didn't seem right with his paperwork," my vote
goes to the pilot.
Okay, so the Secret Service agent was an Arab American. I bet that American
Airlines pilot knew a number of the American Airline pilots who died on
September 11, and maybe the one who died in a still unexplained crash of
Flight 587, another American Airline plane, near JFK Airport, and probably
also the pilot who could have easily lost his life when Richard Reid tried
to blow up his plastic explosive-laden sneakers on an American flight from
Paris to Miami. Radical Arab Islamists have a penchant for hijacking and
blowing up planes and they seem to have a certain predilection for American
Airlines. So what did the pilot do wrong?
The pilot is informed by airport security that the Secret Service guy is
traveling with a gun. The pilot doesn't believe his papers are in order (I
bet the Secret Service doesn't like it very much when they are on the
receiving end of that missive). And here's the question I would have asked
were I that pilot: Why the hell is a Secret Service agent assigned to the
president traveling commercial air to the Texas ranch? What happened? Did
he miss his flight on Air Force One? Too much to drink over the holidays?
Yes, that pilot had a lot of reasonable questions. And considering how
American Airlines seems to be the target du jour for Al Qaeda, he did the
right thing in refusing him passage.
So Dubya vents his spleen at that scruffy-looking Crawford ranch and says
if it turns out that his Secret Service man was not allowed to fly because
of his ethnicity, "that would make me mad as heck." Hey Dubya, you know
what would have made me mad as heck? A passenger with possible phony Secret
Service credentials steering another plane into another building. Could
never happen? Well, let's see, on September 11 you ran out to hide at the
headquarters of the Strategic Air Command in Nebraska because, according to
William Safire quoting high-level White House officials, including head
gauleiter Karl Rove, someone was able to break the code word security of
White House communications and relay the message, "Air Force One is next."
If someone could have done that (and every commercial pilot worth a salt
knows about that incident), they could probably also obtain fake White
House credentials and alter information in the Secret Service and FAA data
Mr. President, that pilot certainly does not deserve or require any
lectures from you. If you had been a real Air Force pilot and not a weekend
warrior who took back seat rides, chalking up questionable "flight time"
with the senior arm of the Texas Civil Air Patrol, you might realize as
does that American Airlines pilot and your "good friend" John McCain and
other real pilots, that pilots are responsible for the lives of their crew
and passengers. The pilot who flew you around Texas on weekends extended
that protection to you. Please extend the same courtesy to our commercial
airline pilots. Your Secret Service agent will get over the insult but
families who lose loved ones in terrorist attacks never get over it. But
here's the deal. Next time one of your more questionable-acting Secret
Service agents gets into it with an airline pilot, would you personally
guarantee the security of the aircraft with two armed sky marshals?
 From ...  and while your there,check
out ... What?? Are You Serious!
They could be just more conspiracy theories, but many investigative
journalists are coming up with some interesting connections:
7       7       Profits of Death - Insider Trading & 9/11
7       7       The Smoking Gun
7       7       Guilty for 9/11 - Part 1
7       7       Guilty for 9/11 - Part 2
7       7       Gaping Holes in CIA-v-Bin Laden Story

@_date: 2002-01-03 02:57:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Follow the yellow brick road. 
WHAT IS MASS MURDER IF YOU'RE AN EX-PRESIDENT?
Wayne Madsen
While CIA agents and US Special Forces are on the hunt for Al Qaeda cells   throughout East Africa, a company on whose International Advisory Board sits   George H. W. Bush ("41," sire of "43") is applying a full court press on  human rights workers and opposition politicians in Tanzania. In 1996,   Tanzanian troops allegedly buried alive some gold miners at Bulyanhulu mine in northwestern Tanzania. The miners were originally invited by the government to mine gold in the region, but in 1996, the government in Dar es Salaam reversed course and granted the Kahama Mining Corporation, an affiliate of Sutton Resources Ltd. of Canada, a permit to mine the gold in Bulyanhulu. Sutton was later acquired by Barrick Gold, another Canadian firm on whose board Bush pere sits along with former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and former Clinton First Friend Vernon Jordan.
When the Tanzanian independent gold miners refused to comply with a government order to vacate the mine for Sutton, they were said by Tanzanian witnesses to have been buried alive by bulldozers belonging to the mining company. Recent reports and revelations concerning the role of Sutton cum Barrick in the massacre have resulted in a law suit against Britain's Observer newspaper and a decision by Amnesty International to delete references to the massacre in its annual report on human rights.
Now, Barrick, in cooperation with the Tanzanian government, is putting the screws to those brave Tanzanians who have dared challenge the official record on what happened at Bulyanhulu. Last month, Tanzanian police arrested Augustine Mrema, the leader of the opposition Tanzania Labor Party, and Rugemeleza Nshala, the head of Lawyers for Environmental Action in Tanzania (LEAT). Tanzania also issued an arrest warrant for Tundu Lissu, a Washington, DC-based human rights lawyer who has documented witness accounts of the 1996 mass murder. Tanzanian police searched the offices of LEAT, reportedly looking for a videotape that displays the charred remains of the bodies of victims, said to have been burnt by the military after they were exhumed from the buried mine.
The opposition politicians and human rights workers have refused to turn the tape over to the Tanzanian government wanting to instead get it into the hands of an independent international investigation team.
So the deal post September 11 is that if your last name is Bin Laden, Omar, or al-Zahrawi and you killed innocent people, you will have a world coalition hot on your heels. However, if your last name is Bush, Mulroney, or Jordan and it just so happens that another Bush sits in the White House and you sit on an international board of a company accused of covering up genocide, you will get a free pass and a pat on the back. Welcome to the Bush New World Order. God help us all.
 search also for greg palast's gutsy attack on corporate criminals,Barrick.

@_date: 2002-01-03 17:19:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Mueller badly needs Killing 
FBI Director Robert Mueller reports his bureau has no plans to investigate
the chief suspect in the international anthrax mailings case.
FBI Implicated in Anthrax Mailings Cover-up: Mueller Reports No Intention
to Investigate Chief Suspect
Sandpoint, ID FBI officials may be implicated in a conspiracy to impede
justice in the anthrax mailings case, if not treasonous dereliction of
duty, according to a growing number of scientists and consumer advocates.
After officials cited the likeliest origin of the powdered anthrax was the
U.S. Armys Dugway Proving Grounds in Utah, or its Ohio-based supplier and
CIA-contractor, Battelle Memorial Instititue (BMI), FBI Director Robert
Mueller announced the bureau has no intention of investigating anyone with,
or formerly with, their chief suspectBMI.
Just weeks ago, major progress in the FBIs investigation seemed
forthcoming. The New York Times and Washington Post revealed that BMI,
Dugways anthrax facility supplier and chief administrator had contracted
with the CIA (in project Clear Vision) to produce, albeit illegally, the
1 trillion spore-per-gram strain of anthrax under investigation. BMI, while
heading the U.S. militarys Joint Vaccine Acquisitions Program worth more
than $1 billion in vaccine contracts, commissioned Americas top anthrax
expert, William C. Patrick, III, to deliver a report on the powdered
anthraxs prospects for being spread through the mail.
Thus, by mid-December, the public, including health scientists urged to
help federal officials identify suspects, realized that someone with high
level security clearance, a black-op budget, access to the BMI/Dugway
anthrax labs, and vaccine sales incentive, most likely took BMIs powdered
anthrax, and prepared it for mailing from Trenton, NJ; St. Petersburg, FL;
Atlanta, GA; and Malaysia.
For the first time since the 1975 Frank Church congressional investigation
of the CIA for illegally stockpiling anthrax and other biological weapons,
the public learned that the CIA had been violating the international Geneva
Accord moratorium on biological weapons developmenta revelation somewhat
embarrassing to American diplomats engaged in the global War on Terrorism.
The day before Christmas, an Op Ed piece in the Wall Street Journal
additionally implicated BMI, and potentially the FBI, along with rogue
elements within the CIA, in an international conspiracy to commit and
cover-up the anthrax mailings crime.
BMI and Bioport, a Michigan-based offshoot of Britains leading biological
weapons organization at Porton Down, were previously reported to be
collaborating on the manufacture and supply of Americas only anthrax
vaccine. Dr. Robert C. Myers, Chief Operating Officer of BioPort, told a
Senate Appropriations Committee in 1996 that he was part of a team of
organizations, led by Battelle Memorial Institute . . .  The Journal
writer Edward Jay Epstein cited the testimony of U.S. Army bioweapons
official David Franz concerning Americas reliance on British intelligence
provided by Porton Down officials regarding the development and use of the
powdered Ames strain of anthrax.
Thus, the FBIs disregard of foreign suspects, especially Porton Down, with
direct links to Bioport and BMIs anthrax vaccine, vaccine contracts, and
BMIs and Dugways anthrax experiments, was criticized by Epstein as it was
days earlier in the Washington Post.
More evidence of the FBIs intentional ineptitude came from the Columbus
Dispatch. Though the Washington Post reported that the FBI was allegedly
pursuing the possibility that financial gain was the motive behind the
anthrax mailings, and that two laboratories were especially implicated,
that is, BMI and Dugway, a contradictory announcement was relayed the same
day (Dec. 21, 2001) by Ohio Senator Mike DeWine. Based on an ABC News
report concerning a BMI employee who had been under FBI investigation for
an anthrax threat, FBI Director Robert Mueller had, according to The
Dispatch, assured Senator DeWine that the bureau was not investigating, nor
intending to investigate, anyone with, or formerly with, BMI.
Currently then, the FBI has no intention of investigating its chief
suspect, despite the grave likelihood that the remaining mystery will
continue to exact massive economic and socio-political tolls.
These proceedings have bewildered and even outraged many scientists and
public health professionals from whom the FBI requested assistance.
In defending the FBIs position, the Washington Post reported that the
bureau only learned of a BMI-administered CIA defensive biowarfare
contract involving the Ames-strain of anthrax in recent weeks. The CIA
program was [allegedly] designed to develop defenses to a vaccine-resistant
strain of anthrax reportedly created by the former Soviet Union, officials
defended. CIA spokespersons expressed certainty that the anthrax used in
the mailings did not come from their work.
Taking the agency on its word, the powdered anthrax may not have come from
their work, but their contractors work, that is, BMI.
Critics claim this CIA defense is deceptive for at least two other reasons:
1) the Soviet Unions most potent anthrax was only half as concentrated as
this new CIA/Battelle creation; and 2) it is an American/BritishAmes,
Iowastrain prototype, not a Soviet creation, and not resembling anything
available to Iraq or other countries favored by terrorists. This spoils the
excuse the powdered anthrax was produced for any form of defense,
including vaccines.
Vaccines are developed to help guard against pre-existing threats, said
Ingri Cassel, director of the national Vaccination Liberation associationa
consumer education and advocacy group. This anthrax powder was illegally
prepared, apparently for offensive military uses, sabotage, and even
terrorism. You simply dont develop a new hyper-weaponized strain of
anthrax powder for military defense, which implies preventive vaccinations
against old Soviet threats, and then commission the top U.S. anthrax expert
[William C. Patrick, III] to report on this new weapons capability and
lethality from mailed delivery, unless thats how you foresee it being
used, Ms. Cassel reasoned.
Many people are pondering the suspicious Machiavellian-like targeting of
the mass media and congressional Democrats (liberals) befitting the phrase
the ends justifies the means. Multi-million dollar vaccine contracts,
fast-tracked drug approvals, and frenzied consumer and legislative demand
for costly, risky, and largely ineffective vaccines, antibiotics, and other
high-priced preventives are the most obvious results of the anthrax mailings.
Referring to the unprecedented silica-based, electro-statically charged,
dry powdered form of hyper-concentrated anthrax sent through the mail to
members of the media and Senators Daschle and Leahy, Dr. Horowitz
concluded, It was the only form of anthrax that could be effectively
spread, as it was, through the U.S. mail with such far reaching effects.
Therefore, the primary suspects have been identified, their dubious
histories are well known, and their motives are clear. Any further effort
to impede this investigation places FBI director Mueller in the position of
an enemy national, or a traitor to the American people he is sworn to
We need you to take this Govt modified Virus so we can protect you-FBI's
magic lantern links/hirstory
Magic Lantern - The FBI's viral key-logger -links (english)
by mg reposted 12:14am Wed Jan 2 '02 (Modified on 3:21pm Wed Jan 2 '02)
list of links to articles
Please feel free to distribute this far and wide:
Magic Lantern - The FBI's viral key-logger
- The Latest -
 >[ISN] FBI confirms "Magic
project exists
 >[ISN] Infamous hacker
group helps the Feds
 Re: [ISN] Infamous
hacker group helps the Feds - cDc calls announcement "satire"
 Re: [ISN] Infamous
hacker group helps the Feds
 [ISN] DIRT-Magic
Lantern Firm Barred from Gov Work
 >FBI may be getting
full benefit of Magic Lantern... from BadTrans.B
[ISN] FBI surveillance bonanza in BadTrans.B worm
 >From the "We don't need no
stinkin' oversight" dept.:
Politech: FBI refuses to tell Congress aide about "classified" Magic Lantern
 >Homeland
Security, Homeland Profits
Technology Already in the Hands of Law Enforcement
 >FBI Software
Records Each Keystroke
 >Software Firms
Object to FBI Eavesdropping
 >
Scarfo, Phase 2: a.k.a. "Magic Lantern"
CYBERSECURITY - Threat of Terrorism on U.S. Infrastructure (nytimes.com)
What is Magic Lantern?
 FBI software cracks encryption
'Magic Lantern' part of new 'Enhanced Carnivore Project'
 EPIC
Carnivore (and 'Enhanced Carnivore') FOIA Documents
 >ZDNet
News: FBI's magic revealed as old tricks
 >FB
I Is Building a 'Magic Lantern' (washingtonpost.com)
 >FB
I Develops Eavesdropping Tools (washingtonpost.com)
McAfee sides with FBI against customers on "Magic Lantern"
 >Declan McCullagh's Politech
FBI reportedly creating "Magic Lantern" anti-crypto virus
 >Declan McCullagh's Politech
McAfee sides with FBI against customers on "Magic Lantern"
 >The Spy in Your Computer?
from Fact Squad Radio
 Declan McCullagh's Politech
Has McAfee sided with FBI on "Magic Lantern" detection?
 >Spokesman
for NAI in Germany disputes the Washington Post article
from the German news site "Heise Online"
 >Declan McCullagh's Politech
McAfee replies -- by denying any FBI contacts of any sort
c+lantern%22 >"Magic Lantern" Discussion
from Dave Farber's Interesting-People elist
 >Declan
McCullagh's Politech
Background on McAfee/NAI
 >Wired News Summary
'Lantern' Backdoor Flap Rages, By Declan McCullagh
 >Declan McCullagh's Politech
AP's Ted Bridis replies to McAfee: "I stand by my reporting"
 >Declan McCullagh's Politech
McAfee broadens denial: No contact with government of any sort
 >AV vendors split
over FBI Trojan snoops
 >Declan McCullagh's Politech
Symantec pledges to acquiese to FBI backdoor demands
 >Politech
Summary re: "Magic Lantern"
 >FBI 'Magic
Lantern' reality check (original article picked up by ISN, below)
 >[ISN] Magic Lantern
reality check
 >FBI
snoop tool old hat for hackers
 >Warn
ing - The FBI knows what you're typing
 >Antivir
us firms: FBI loophole is out of line
 Antiv
irus Firms Say They Won't Create FBI Loophole
 >Politech: Symantec, McAfee
backpedal furiously on espionage enabled-software
 >Politech: More on Symantec,
McAfee, loopholes, and espionage-enabled 'ware
 >Antivir
us firms balk at FBI loophole
Existence of Magic Lantern Confirmed by FBI
confirms "Magic Lantern" project exists
 >FBI
confirms Net spying tool exists
 Infamous hacker group helps the Feds
[this one may be nothing more than humor or hoax... on the other
hand, the related article:  >Back
Orifice just a phantom seems (at first glance) to be consistent with
other articles regarding BO2K.]
Magic Lantern's Closest Relatives?
 Back Orifice
 >Back Orifice
(incorrectly referred to in this article as "Back Office") and other
 >Back Orifice just a phantom
 >D.I.R.T. - A prototype for Magic Lantern?
 >Or is D.I.R.T. a S.C.A.M?
 >Dirty Secrets 2 - Data
Interception by Remote Transmission
 >D.I.R.T. being used to grab PGP keys as
early as 1998
 >Ghost - A Software Keylogger
 >KEYKatcher - Hardware Keyloggers
Can we trust LEAs?
 LAPD wiretaps -- for
shame! by John Gilmore
 on LAPD and illegal wiretaps
 >Will the
Government Know What You Type?
 >The Privacy Snatchers
 The Electronic Privacy
Information Center's extensive resources on wiretapping cases
 >US Ambassador on Corruption
Within Security Forces
 First, brand all the children...
By Brock N. Meeks
Potential ways to detect (or protect against) Magic Lantern?
 >Spycop
 >Hook
Protect or PC Security Guard
Warning: This page contains a possible "web bug" per Bugnosis
 >Integrity Master from Stiller Research
 OpenAntiVirus Project
 GnuPG (The GNU Privacy Guard)
 Jetico's BestCrypt
 Evidence Eliminator

@_date: 2002-01-03 18:35:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Help needled:2$ or B.U.Ms offer for best device advice in a 
NSW Senior Deputy Police Commissioner Ken Moroney yesterday confirmed that homemade bombs had been found.
One of the devices is suspected of starting a fierce bushfire that raged near houses at West Pennant Hills, northwest of Sydney yesterday.
A second device was found intact in the Galston area, also in the city's northwest, but it did not spark a fire there.
Mr Moroney would not describe the devices in detail because of fears of copycat firebugs.
as arsonists use home-made bombs to keep NSW under siege.
Two devices have been found in devastated areas.
One of them might have lit a fire that threatened hundreds of homes in Sydney's suburbs.
Police fear there may be a number of serial arsonists at work and are hunting a motorcyclist suspected of setting fires in the Blue Mountains.

@_date: 2002-01-03 20:16:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Deconstructing Dan Klein. 
>>Dan Klein has written a nice book titled "Reputation" which I frequently recommend. Looks at some of these examples in detail from a self- regulatory, free-market perspective. -Declan
Daniel Klein is an Associate Professor of Economics. He received his Ph.D. (1990) from New York University. He taught at the University of California,<
More self-regulatory and free market states being unavailable?
 > Irvine, before joining Santa Clara's faculty in 1996. He teaches courses in the principles of economics, public policy issues, and game theory. His research interests lie in public policy issues (especially road transportation)
I wonder if he's done any study of the buying up of LA's tramcar net and its destruction by autoimmobile industry?
 >> American economic history<<
Should know of differing US currencies in the past,possible BUMs/e-cash future.
 >> game theory, and the intersection of economics with moral and political Something Tim and declan seem woefully ignorant of.
Professor Klein is the coauthor of Curb Rights: A Foundation for Free Enterprise in Urban Transit,<
Yes,but what does he think of jim bells plans for car thieves?
  >>editor of Reputation: Studies in the Voluntary Elicitation of Good I hope he considers the APster plan 9 for negative reputations,soon,real soon.
  >>and editor of What Do Economists Contribute?<<
The few that are using physics modeling contribute something.At 1st glance Klein looks like a smarter D.Friedman,thats not saying much,I know,but I'm on permanent vacation.

@_date: 2002-01-03 23:28:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: thermal camera detects lying  
>> Thermal camera may detect lying Published 1/2/2002 2:04 PM ROCHESTER, Minn., Jan. 2 (UPI)

@_date: 2002-01-03 23:47:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Future Gnu's 
Birthdays;Mel gibson,robert loggia and dabney coleman.Future Gnu's
February 4, 2002
An 86 year-old Amish woman on a Florida to Ohio flight detonates a bomb
in pants disguised as battery operated light-up "Viva Las Vegas!"
panties. The last video image from black box shows her knocking over
stewardess and tearing off dress before detonating explosive. All
passengers on board are killed. 25 people on the ground are also killed
by falling debris. As a result, all passengers are required to remove
their undergarments for inspection in makeshift, screened rooms. Flights
are delayed for up to 3 days as lines of irritated passengers wait to be
stripped naked by convicted felons (it is discovered that 89% of airport
security employees are ex-cons and parolees).
February 13, 2002
While passengers are still being strip searched in American airports, a
man on United flight 302 from Philadelphia to New York belly flops in
the center isle, setting off the nitro-glycerine that his clothes were
later found to be soaked in. In a move that outrages the few surviving
civil rights organizations, FAA requires all passengers fly in the nude
and forgo any in-flight snacks as FBI demonstrates on live TV how a
peanut can be used to kill a grown man.
June 3, 2002
While Bush is on live TV proclaiming his success in clearing the world
of terrorism (UN and US intervened in Indo-Pakistani conflict and
accidentally dumped large Anthrax stockpiles and nuclear weapons on all
of the Middle East. It was labeled "colateral damage") a woman detonates
a tube of explosives concealed in her anal cavity. 300 people on board
are killed as well as 263 on ground as wreckage rained down on a
Shriner's parade in Utah. All fliers are now required to submit to a
body cavity search before boarding plane.
July 4, 2002
A naked couple on Alaskan Airlines Flight 65 uses a two-in-one explosive
compound to destroy the plane. The man had clear, odorless coating of
one chemical on penis, and the woman had second chemical douche before
boarding the plane. Flight footage shows couple engaging in intercourse,
successfully combining two benign chemicals and forming one super
explosive chemical that equaled the power of 5,000 pounds of TNT.
Passengers are now required to wear an electronic chastity belt that
dissolves the wearer's genitals with a highly corrosive acid at the
first signs of arousal.

@_date: 2002-01-04 01:20:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: New TIME persyn of the year. 
Yoel Marcus's man of the year.(extracts)
The "butterfly affect" has been proved true.A new year has begun in which lone individuals are
capable of changing,or at least disrupting,the new world order.At any given moment there is
someone in the world plotting to screw the system.The more technologically advanced the country,
the more vulnerable it is in the face of obsessed loners,Ideological fanatics and maniacs.
Capturing or killing Osama bin laden wont halt the phenomena or lessen the risk.Maybe just
the opposite.At a time when every psychopath is king,when civilization is the target and at
a loss for what to do,the person of the year is the anonymous loner masterminding the next
terrorist spectacular.(published in Ha'aretz and the age.)
-----BEGIN GEEK CODE BLOCK-----
GMC d-(--) s:+ a? C++ UL++ P+ L++>++++ !E W++ N+(++) o? K+ w--- !O M--
V? PS+++ PE Y+ PGP- t* 5+++ X R* tv b+ DI+ D++ G++>+++ e>++ h-- r++ y+
------END GEEK CODE BLOCK------

@_date: 2002-01-04 02:47:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: D.Klein.when naomi's not available. 
Hayek suggests that economic reasoning is likely to lead to conclusions in conflict with universal human instincts and simplistic visions of a happy society. Indeed, we see in this address from 1944 the kernel of ideas that Hayek developed over the subsequent four decades, ideas about the tension between the values of traditional society and the desirable rules for modern society. Hayek (p. 47) cautions his young-economist auditors that in economics "the ruthless pursuit of an argument will lead you almost certainly into isolation and unpopularity." The economist "must not look for public approval or sympathy for his efforts."
Hutt's counsel is equally dispiriting. He says that the libertarian-oriented economist must "be aware of a periodic recurrence of a sense of utter helplessness":
On all sides he thinks he sees the survival of ignorance and confusion of thought on matters which affect human welfare; and he feels that nothing that it is within his power to do or say can have the slightest effect in checking the accumulation of wrong ideas and false policies which they bring forth. He recognizes that in spheres in which policy and ...action can be influenced, he is doomed to virtual dumbness to-day. He does not attempt the impossible. He seldom protests, for experience and history have taught him that protests are without avail and merely damaging to his reputation. He realizes that persistent opposition to the popular illusions of his time will simply bring him the notoriety of a crank . . . (Hutt, p. 34).
The sense of frustration and despair is greatest for those economists who take part in public discourse. One of Hutt's section headings reads: "It is as a critic of actual affairs that the economist is most aware of his ineffectiveness." Although statist thinking has, in recent decades, not continued to advance the way it did when Hutt wrote, and although Milton Friedman has had no apparent difficulty in remaining cheerful in his conversation with the public, the fundamental problems described by Hutt and Hayek remain highly pertinent to libertarian economists today
Klein in aug 2000.end paragraph...Economists ought to think harder about the economics of Economics.
Mmm,should reporters think harder about the reporting of reporting?
   Daniel B. Klein (dklein at scu.edu) is associate professor of economics at Santa Clara University. He is editor of What Do Economists Contribute?, recently published by New York University Press and the Cato Institute. From
Economists' Misplaced Faith in an Invisible Hand (reporter declan keeps faith with own hand.)
He has written for such "Everyman" policy organizations as Brookings, Cato, Reason, Institute of Economic Affairs, Independent Institute, and the Foundation for Economic Education. His email address is dklein at scu.edu.About Santa Clara
Santa Clara University is a private, Jesuit university.
Many valley residents will never forget the catastrophic flooding which ravaged parts of Santa Clara County during the El Nino storms of the early 1980s. The severity of the damage encouraged voters to pass a 1986 ballot measure creating a flood benefit assessment to fund an accelerated flood protection construction program. Since then the district has worked diligently toward achieving the maximum amount of flood protection for valley residents its budget would allow. The average homeowner in Santa Clara County is assessed between $17 and $59 a year, and the average business between $139 and $474 a year. In addition to those funds, during the past 20 years the water district has successfully pursued and secured more than $200 million in state and federal money for local flood protection efforts. As a result, flood protection projects have removed the danger of flooding from thousands of homes and businesses
However, a revenue shortfall of nearly 40% remains an obstacle to full implementation of these crucial programs. The board is soliciting input from the public on support for future funding mechanisms to ensure seamless program implementation in 2001.
Hopefully the next flood will take all jesuit academics,libertarians,anarcho-crapitalists and phoney reporters far,far out to shark infested and stormy seas.

@_date: 2002-01-04 18:38:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Future Gnu's,  
>>Spare your breath. The only way to shut up someone with a mental condition is to kick him off the list, to leave the list, or use filtering. <<
See the mattblog that ate cypherpunks.
 >>nut who takes up 30% > of the list volume with plaigerized articles from other, much > more creative and intelligent nuts. <<
You no likee,you no readee. See the mattblog that ate cypherpunks.
 >>The uncredited posting of someone else's work, well, that's a big problem unless it isn't someone else's work. Mike
I was channelling a suppressed comrade,you want me to dob him in? See the mattblog that ate cypherpunks.
 >>entirely closed to rational argumentation<<
TCM is,soightonly.Doesn't like debate one little bit.
 >>Overpermissiveness results in quality loss. <<
Sad,very sad.All those porno posts and blatant coatdragging by boring feds.( See the mattblog that ate cypherpunks.)
 >>Can't we just kick him: period? << weasl
Run out of zyklon B?
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche

@_date: 2002-01-04 18:50:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peter Trei and 
>>Subject: FC: Politech humor: Future airline security news from 2002
Warning: off-color humor below. The author of this message (who knows how many people actually have access to a yahoo/hotmail account) appears to be C.J. Parker, a colorful fellow:
 >>This, of course, is CJ Parker's work, as published on Declan's
Politech list.
Peter Trei
 > ----------
 > From: mattd[SMTP:mattd at useoz.com]
 > Sent: Thursday, January 03, 2002 7:47 AM
 > To: cypherpunks at lne.com
 > Subject: Future Gnu's
 >
 > Birthdays;Mel gibson,robert loggia and dabney coleman.Future Gnu's
 > February 4, 2002
 >
 > An 86 year-old Amish woman on a Florida to Ohio flight detonates a bomb
 > in pants disguised as battery operated light-up "Viva Las Vegas!"
 > panties.
Looks like seth,jya and I are correct to be concerned about declan.Peter Trei's addy is ptrei at rsasecurity.com
Ill be researching this 'security company' Probably just an Idiot,like declan, but could be dangerous.

@_date: 2002-01-04 21:14:39
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban  
>>As to the space cadet idea that space should be bought in newspapers so that CJ or Toto or Jimbell or Choate or Vulis or Detweiler or mattd or any of our other mental cases, knock yourself out. I wouldn't contribute a microcent. --Tim May
Is it just me or does this sentence scan wrong? Lacks Irony at the very least.Id say he's rattled,theres blood in the water,its just a question of time.I think the idea was for an alternative style paper like the "stranger"might provide free space as a way to defy the blatent repression thats happening in your fascist snakes of Amerikkka.This involves concepts of solidarity that seem alien to crypto-fascist weasel May.Save your microbrain,your micromoney and your microballs,May.No one wants em.
"You could create a lottery. A lottery whose payoff was a reward to the person who came closest to predicting the time of death of a given government official.
"They knew I wasn't planning to kill federal agents", Bell said this month. "They were scared because I had written something that shows a way to eliminate government. They were afraid I could convince the public that I could replace existing government for no more than a 10th or 20th of its current cost."
"Imagine for a moment that, as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount. If 0.1 percent of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head."
I think that one last (temporary) hope for government is to delay AP. Chances are good that the "think tank" decided that the best way to delay AP is to discredit me, its author. It was a desperate gamble,"

@_date: 2002-01-04 21:29:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Ukrainian ballast 
Union denies ship sabotage
 From AAP
THE seafarers' union has denied sabotage aboard a ship at the centre of a row over plans to replace its Australian crew with cheaper labour from Federal police are expected to meet representatives of the Australian-registered 30,000-tonne bulk carrier, CSL Yarra, when it docks in Adelaide on Sunday to investigate allegations of sabotage.
The Yarra's captain said someone had opened a fire hose that pumped water into the ship's residual cargo hold containing 700 tonnes of cement which had set hard.
The ship is at the centre of a Federal Court battle between CSL Australia and the Maritime Union of Australia (MUA) over plans to replace the local crew with Ukrainian sailors.
The Yarra left Brisbane three days ago and was sailing off the NSW south coast en route to Adelaide at the time of the incident.
MUA South Australian branch secretary Rick Newland said the culprit was a leaky fire hydrant and not sabotage.
"I dispute the use of that word simply because we're about saving that vessel and maintaining it to work on the Australian coast carrying Australian cargoes with Australian seafarers," he told ABC radio today.
"To the cynical it would look at though there was something quite deliberate that happened.
"I believe there will be an inquiry simply into the mechanical faults of that fire hydrant, on arrival in Adelaide, and we welcome that outcome."
He said sabotage at sea was outside seafarers' view of life.
Mr Newlan said the union was legitimately seeking to protect employment opportunities for Australian seafarers on Australian vessels.
"We're not promoting the Australian coast to be open to Third World seafarers who are certainly not up to the skills."
Open end the star system!, December 27, 2001 (from Amazon... > Reviewer: professor rat (see more about me)
Like the Abel Paz classic,"Durrutti,The people armed."This is one essential book.Second only to Durrutti in time.The place for the drama is the Ukraine,circa,1917-20.The history of the Makhnovista's is truly epic,gut wrenching and incredible.It is almost totally forgotten or ignored now,yet,this is one of those points in History with a capital H.The ripples of these extraordinary events and superhuman feats are still rippling outward in spite of several genocides wreaked on this reigon.The writers style seems a little old fashioned and unusual,yet, you get drawn in by the human interest story of the education and stellar rise of a genuine working class hero and revolutionary Icon,"Batko",Nestor Makhno met the author in prison and learnt the basics of anarchism from him.They were released in the febuary revolution and their battles in the south against tyranny's of white and red armies have become the stuff of legend.The study of what ordinary people actually do in revolutionary periods is intrinsically interesting.I would suggest that close study of the makhnovist libertarian socialist revolution should be rewarding,if only for entertainment.(Its 70mm cinematic.)

@_date: 2002-01-04 21:51:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May; Tomato can. 
A black and white history of the heavyweight division
Tuesday May 23, 2000
When John L Sullivan toured America a hundred years ago and more he would offer a thousand dollars to any man who could last four rounds with him - as long as he wasn't black. In his bareknuckled and gloved career, the world's first heavyweight champion fought only men of his own colour, and not many complained.
Another Irish-American, James J Corbett, who followed him, was similarly reluctant. So when Jack Johnson became the first black heavyweight champion - by brutalising Tommy Burns for 14 rounds in Sydney in 1908 - he turned the sporting world on its head.
Jack came to London the following July, performing on the bass viol and singing Baby's Sock is a Blue-bag Now for a white audience at the Oxford Music Hall. The Times noted that in the United States Johnson 'passed for a "flash nigger", a type not to be encouraged by those who have to keep ten millions of black men in subjection to the dominant race.' The Home Secretary sent him home, scotching a challenge by 'Bombardier' Billy Wells.
After Jess Willard beat Johnson in Havana in 1915, Tex Rickard made a pile with Jack Dempsey in the Twenties. Each of five fights Tex organised drew more than a million dollars at the gate - but Dempsey too refused to defend his title against black challengers. It was left to Joe Louis in the Thirties to answer back, ever so quietly. 'Uncle' Mike Jacobs, heir to Rickard's baloney, promoted Louis and told him to keep his mouth shut. White America remained unthreatened by the polite but lethal Joe.
By the time Rocky Marciano arrived in the Fifties, the Mob had really moved in and boxing went off-white again. Marciano, a terrific champion, did not dodge black contenders - he took the title from Jersey Joe Walcott in 1952 and beat Ezzard Charles and old Archie Moore - but he let in some ordinary white guys, including Roland LaStarza and Don Cockell.
Floyd Paterson settled in for an undistinguished reign, before Sonny Liston frightened him out of the title. A few white heavyweights popped up - and down - around this time, none of them much good: Peter Rademacher, a first-fight world title challenger to Floyd; Ingemar Johannson, who won once and lost twice to Paterson; Brian London and Tom McNeeley, father of the even more awful Pete, who would be barged aside by Mike Tyson.
After Muhammad Ali beat Liston to reinvigorate boxing, he accommodated his share of pale meat: George Chuvalo, Henry Cooper, London, Karl Mildenberger, Chuck Wepner, Joe Bugner, Jean-Pierre Coopman, Richard Dunn, Alfredo Evangelista, Oscar Bonavena, Jerry Quarry... with a few exceptions, not a galaxy of talent.
Quarry, Joe Frazier, George Foreman gave poor Joe Roman his few moments in the headlights, Osvaldo Ocasio went in with Larry Holmes, John Tate beat Gerrie Coetzee, Holmes got back to Scott Le Doux, Mike Weaver stopped Coetzee, Gerry Cooney and Randall Cobb were brave against Holmes... and so it went. If you were white and breathing, with the right telephone numbers, you got a shot.
But the white supply was drying up fast and the meaningful fights were confined to the black contenders after the Holmes era. Between the time Greg Page stopped Coetzee in Sun City in 1984 in defence of the WBA version and Francesco Damiani beat Johnny Duplooy in an all-whiter for the WBO title five years later, only Steffen Tangstad disturbed the ebony hegemony. The spectacularly obscure Daniel Netto went a couple of rounds with Damiani in Italy in December 1989 and then Tommy Morrison stumbled on to and off the set. A couple of South Africans, Frans Botha and Corrie Sanders, are currently pressing their claims - as, of course, are the Klitschkos.

@_date: 2002-01-04 23:27:57
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Dont go simple on me. 
Blood Simple (1984)
To mark the re-release of their seminal debut feature Blood Simple, fraternal filmmakers Ethan and Joel Coen created a brief, jokey prologue starring one Mortimer Young, a fictional film preservationist who heralds the second coming of their "exquisite masterpiece." Mr. Young may be laying it on a bit thick there, but he's not far from the truth, especially when he credits the film with "ushering in the era of independent cinema." In the 16 years since its original release, this shady little neo-noir number has been dog-eared as a primogenitor of the modern indie film. Taut, quirky, and jump-out-of-your-seat scary, Blood Simple is returning to theaters in a new director's cut  "digitally enhanced and tastefully restored," says our host  and it's well worth the second look.
Texan bar proprietor Julian Marty (Dan Hedaya) believes that his wife, Abby (the excellent Frances McDormand, aka Mrs. Joel Coen), is canoodling with another man, so he hires private detective Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh in an wicked, prize-winning turn) to investigate and deliver evidence of her betrayal. So, Visser follows Abby and her secret consort, Marty's bartender Ray (John Getz), to a roadside motel and  bingo  snaps a few photos of the pair in flagrante delicto.
When Visser confirms Marty's suspicions, the humiliated husband crumples, instantly demoted on the macho-meter from cocky bull to cuckolded steer  all hat and no cattle, as it were. Marty fixes his focus on the repulsive Visser, a man upon whom flies instinctively come to settle, and wonders out loud if he shouldn't kill this unsavory messenger to bolster his sagging ego, or enlist him for a far more gruesome task than the first.
Meanwhile, Abby takes up with Ray, a quiet sort, but one willing to go to unspeakable lengths to win her. Abby has a gun, she tells Ray, that Marty gave her, and now she's leaving "anal," gruff Marty before she snaps and points it at him. It would spoil the spring-coiled surprises and plot twists to detail too much more of the story, but let's just say that Abby's gun is the fatal link that connects all the characters. By the end, each of them just might end up on the wrong side of that little pearl-handled pistol .
So why the re-release? For one, video certainly didn't do this film justice. The hazy transfer and changes from the original soundtrack (including one regrettable and repetitive country rendition of The Monkees' "I'm a Believer") date the VHS version above and beyond McDormand's banana clips and denim jumpsuits (both of which are in no way limited to '80s fashion in Texas). In the restoration process, the Coens said they went "back to the original camera negative to generate new printing elements," and clipped "some of the boring parts." The editing is tighter, the sound effects clearer, and Barry Sonnenfeld's skilled cinematography more discernible. These enhancements bring the audience closer to the characters on-screen, allowing the viewer to be startled by raspy breathing and buzzing neon, dreading the approach of a dragging shovel, and stunned by the sudden punch of bullets through drywall, as light cuts through in sharp Simply put, Blood Simple becomes more bloodcurdlingly suspenseful in direct proportion to the size of the screen. It's a forceful and significant debut, well-deserving of its ranking as a classic, and it has aged well, thanks largely to the calibrated, attuned performances of the entire cast. The title refers to the delirious mental state that accompanies a killing  half shocked, half hopped-up on adrenaline and base instinct  and Marty, Abby, Visser, and Ray all taste it at some point in this precarious cat-and-mouse hunt. It's what a haggard Ray feels as he advises Abby, "If you're going to point a gun at someone, you'd better be ready to shoot it, and if you do, you'd better make sure he's dead."
 KASIA ANDERSON

@_date: 2002-01-04 23:57:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fit to be executed 
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - A former Ku Klux Klansman who state psychologists testified was faking mental problems has been ruled competent to stand trial for the murder of four black girls killed in a 1963 church bombing.
Circuit Judge James Garrett handed down the decision Thursday, reversing his own ruling last year that Bobby Frank Cherry was mentally incompetent.
In a two-sentence order, Garrett said the retired trucker "has been restored to competency." The judge, without any detailed explanation, said his finding was based on legal briefs and on a recent hearing, at which psychologists testified about Cherry's mental condition.
Garrett scheduled a Jan. 18 proceeding to set a trial date.
Sarah Collins Rudolph, who was standing a short distance from one of the victims when the blast occurred, said she was pleased Cherry is going to "It's his time to stand trial now," she said. "I hope it's finally coming to an end."
Cherry's attorneys, Mickey Johnson and Rodger Bass, did not immediately return phone messages seeking comment.
"We believed all along that he was competent," said Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney who has served as chief prosecutor in the case. "We believe that ruling was the only ruling (the judge) could make under the law."
The church, a rallying site for advocates of public school desegregation, was bombed on Sept. 15, 1963, as the four girls prepared for a youth day The explosion was the deadliest attack targeting the civil rights movement. Killed in the attack were 14-year-olds Addie Mae Collins, Cynthia Wesley and Carole Robertson and 11-year-old Denise McNair.
Two other former Klansmen were convicted of murder in the blast, one last year and one in 1977.
Cherry was one of a group of Klansmen who came under almost immediate suspicion. He left Alabama several years after the bombing and moved to Texas, where he worked as a truck driver and cleaned carpets before retiring in the town of Mabank.
Cherry was indicted on murder charges in 1999. Garrett delayed Cherry's trial because of competency questions.
Garrett ruled in April that Cherry, whose age is listed as both 71 and 72 in court records, was incompetent based on testimony of four mental health experts. They said he suffered varying degrees of vascular dementia, which can cause forgetfulness and confusion.
Prosecutors appealed and Garrett committed Cherry to a state-run psychiatric hospital to be evaluated for 71 days.
Psychologists testified during a two-day hearing last month that Cherry was faking mental problems and possibly taking too much of a medicine prescribed for anxiety.
The Rev. Abraham Woods, who led demonstrations against Garrett's original ruling, said he thought Cherry misled attorneys from the beginning.
"Cherry was faking, and after he spent 71 days and nights at Taylor Hardin (psychiatric hospital), those professionals affirmed he was faking," he said.
Another ex-Klansman, Robert "Dynamite Bob" Chambliss, was convicted of murder in the bombing in 1977 and died in prison. Thomas Blanton Jr. was convicted in the bombing last year and sentenced to life in prison, and a fourth suspect, Herman Cash, died in 1994 without being charged.
Blanton, who continues to maintain his innocence, is appealing his conviction.

@_date: 2002-01-05 00:05:19
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Language is a virus. 
Common terms used in computer security:
-Virus: A program that replicates itself across a network, or the Internet as a whole. The virus payload may be destructive, like deleting files, or it could simply try to overwhelm a network by copying itself.
-Worm: A virus that replicates itself without human intervention. If the victim has to open an e-mail attachment to get infected, it's a virus. But if it scans for new victims and attacks by itself, it's a worm.
-Trojan horse: A program that doesn't necessarily replicate itself, but like the legendary wooden horse is much more than it appears. A Trojan horse program might look like a game, but instead it steals your personal information and sends it to a criminal.
-Password sniffer: A file that seeks out passwords on your computer, then sends them to a hacker. A keylogger can also grab anything typed on the -Blended threat: A program that combines the characteristics of viruses, worms and Trojan horses. A blended threat, like the recent Nimda outbreak, is a recent phenomenon.
-Exploit: A program that takes advantage of a security hole in a computer program, like Microsoft Windows or AOL Instant Messenger.
-Spyware: A general term for a program that surreptitiously monitors your actions. While they are sometimes sinister, like a remote control program used by a hacker, software companies have been known to use spyware to gather data about customers. The practice is generally frowned upon.
These are all good as long as they have Federal Bureau of Investigation approval like the magic lantern.

@_date: 2002-01-05 00:45:43
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Lexipunks  
>>Closest in meaning in CP; abstracted from 4 a to mean a rebellious person
Camus' lexicon define "revolt" as a peaceful, evolutionary process. He had hoped that mankind would evolve toward improved societies. In his ideal, socialism is the result of a natural historical process that does require effort and leadership, but not violence.
"Remarque sur la rivolt" begins with a civil servant refusing an order. For Camus, revolt begins with a single person refusing an immoral choice. Laws and rule are not defensible for Camus unless they are meant to help society at all levels. The civil servant in the opening parable is an existential hero, though Camus would have rejected such a label. The bureaucrat makes a decision based not upon what is easiest for him but what is best for him and society as a whole. This man's revolt is resistance, not violence.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel's works are the primary target of The Rebel. While not a perfect treatment of Hegel, Camus argues that Hegel's works glorified the state and power over personal morality and social ethics. Worse, according to Camus, Marxism co-opts Hegel and extends his theories to allow any means to an end. In Marxism, as embodied by the Soviet Union and its Communist Party, the state is always "right." Humanism and equality were important to Camus, not an artificial organization.
Camus further offended some leftists by opposing what he considered a trend toward nihilism in European thought. Life was "meaningless" for Camus, but each person did have the opportunity to define a role for himself or herself in life. Nihilism rendered living pointless, which Camus could not accept. Mankind, by its very existence, was in the unique position of defining itself through choice.
Attacking Hegel, Marxism and nihilism resulted in a resounding rejection by the left. Leftist critics hated The Rebel and described it as an act of intellectual treason. The May 1952 issue of Les Temps Modernes featured a review of The Rebel by Francis Jeanson. The review affected Camus deeply. Camus found himself described as a traitor to the left

@_date: 2002-01-05 04:17:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peter Trei 
>>Oh, this is rich! Someone claiming to be an informed poster to the cypherpunks list who doesn't know RSA Security Inc's status in the field. Just to help you, Matt, here's some sources: Website:  Our conference (the world's major computer security conference):  Official company boilerplate: RSA Security Inc. (Nasdaq: RSAS), the most trusted name in e-security., helps organizations build secure, trusted foundations for e-business through its RSA SecurID. two-factor authentication, RSA ClearTrust. authorization, RSA BSAFE. encryption and RSA Keon. digital certificate management product families. With approximately one billion RSA BSAFE-enabled applications in use worldwide, more than ten million RSA SecurID authentication users and almost 20 years of industry experience, RSA Security has the proven leadership and innovative technology to address the changing security needs of e-business and bring trust to the online economy. RSA Security can be reached at  You could also try reading Stephen Levy's book, 'Crypto', about half of which is company history. Peter Trei <<
Thanks dumbo for saving me the work and proving that companies will not survive the state very long when crypto-anarchy comes.I never claimed to be an *informed poster* btw, just an anarchist with an interest in crypto.I quoted RSA math in a recent post to so your wrong there as well.With all this chest thumping and loud farting,I notice you dont deny being a low snitch who deserves necklacing.

@_date: 2002-01-05 04:34:32
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peter Trei 
>>Actually, has mattd/proffr ever claimed to be an "informed poster?" :) <<
Nothing gets by you,eh dec? Except maybe that a week or so ago CJ got violently rousted by P.I.Gs after alleged posts by him.
 >>At least, as I think you said yesterday, CJ had much more flair, and a better understanding of things cypherpunkly. Ah well.
Another admission to the subject line by non denial.What a gutless coward you are Declan.You richly deserve a fuel injected firestone necklace.Cypherpunks should certainly have a better understanding of the stoolies here.
 >> Procmail makes things much better. -Declan <<
Beats debate on the meaning of anarchy,punk,revolution,solidarity and repression.Your desire to do an ostrich impression is understandable,just don't be surprised to feel a steel capped boot up your ass soon,real soon.

@_date: 2002-01-05 05:05:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: RSA Hirstory lesson and a question for low dog,Peter Trei. 
>>Jim Bidzos of RSA, obviously not a disinterested source, claims that not only Zimmermann, but anyone using PGP, is at risk. He scoffs at Zimmermann's efforts to stay within the letter of the law, charging that the use of PGP is "an illegal activity that violates patent and export law." Bidzos has written to institutions like Stanford and MIT, informing them that any copies of PGP on their computers would put them on the wrong side of the law, and he says that the universities have subsequently banned PGP.)<< From Wired article on crypto-rebels.(Cypherpunk cover issue)
Jim a friend of yours Peter?
"Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold "

@_date: 2002-01-05 15:24:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tentacle Time - false alarm  
a real nutjob, or just a close lookalike?
Im right here fucknuckle,are you the janitor in the DoJ?
 >>The CP list seems to have degenerated quite a bit, judging from all the Maybe it's Detwiler in disguise, eh?
All your paranoias are belong to us!
(last april 01,archive)<<

@_date: 2002-01-05 15:39:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Faustine's paranoia index (or: mindless OT bickering),  
>>You should be glad I've managed to avoid polluting the forum by wasting breath responding to most of the gradeschool taunts/death threats losers seem to get off on directing my way these days. (I was about to include a whole paragraph of inflammatory comments regarding the aforementioned, but thought better of it. What's the point? I'm too busy and life's too short. To each his own. FOAD. Whatever.) ~Faustine.
Death threats? I missed them,please reprint.
"I ran across a museum of old time ersatz chick things, ersatz of the ersatz era long generated by Hollywood, and was told there used to be a major grower of nubile young ersatz, film star forever virgins, in the region but now all you could get were the pitiful fake ersatz chicks on the corporate campuses, bisexuals, polysexuals, polymorphous sexuals, kaliedescopic deviants, tree humpers, auto fetishists, vulture capital putas, animal rights for horrific practices, and the perdurable ersatz coprophiliacs all across the ersatz golden west, the last dregs of ersatz America where men used to be men in military and western gun-shooting drag and women were indescribable if not innocent whores like momma and baby sister. Somewhere western novels took over western imagination and horses asses became ersatz heroes unable to appreciate the real chick thing so obsessed were they at dreaming of being motherfucked."JYA *brilliant*

@_date: 2002-01-05 15:52:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: DoJ Ca Subsidiary of Wackenhutt 
Letter to the Office of Attorney General.
Do you have a Maurice Tate working there? Maurice.Tate at doj.ca.gov
Id like to speak to his immediate superior please,Thanks.
"The government serves the people; the people don't serve the motherfucking government."Patti Smith.

@_date: 2002-01-05 16:06:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peterTrei 
>>No. He's a _deformed_ poster. This guy is a living breathing poster for Very fond of that,eh weasl? Still miss the old Zyklon B?
 >>> At least, as I think you said yesterday, CJ had much more flair, > and a better understanding of things cypherpunkly.< Besides, CJ is *cool*!
Then shopping him through carelessness or whatever is wrong and to be condemned Right?
 >>> Ah well. Procmail > makes things much better. It has for me.
Thanks for keeping the subject line up (Jerk)
Crypto-anarchy must scare the shit out of some of these corporate weasels.

@_date: 2002-01-05 19:18:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Open Letter to RSA  and Ca DoJ management. 
AU holds the record for the most slain by a lone gunman.RSA has offices in Sydney and Brisbane.(cities I regularly traverse,btw) The US has many officials here,also tourists and troops,sailors on R+R.When peter Trei of RSA sends this...
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at ssz.com
If there's anything more annoying than a boring nut who takes
up 30% of the list volume, it's a boring nut who takes up 30%
of the list volume with plaigerized articles from other, much
more creative and intelligent nuts.
Extract end.And when Maurice Tate sends...
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at ssz.com
Never mind guys, it's not LD. Just Timmy complaining about the moron
factor. Good work on that, btw... Anyone know if this "mattd" snork is a real nutjob, or just a close
My money's on him self-destructing inside of a year. Too bad, he's doing
job for us, and doesn't even know it. What a poltroon... later - MT
End full e-mail.
I for one have to ask,as might anyone who's seen psycho 2 and saw what happened to the dennis Franz character,are these e-mails wise?

@_date: 2002-01-05 19:30:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
1971 -- An angry Vietnam soldier, George Mellendorf
sends letter to Richard Nixon complaining about slow
delivery of mail to soldiers:
"It seems as if nobody cares
if we get our mail."
Nixon may have responded quickly
with his letter of denial, but Mellendorf didn't
get it until 1978 -- seven years after it was sent.(on this day;the daily   Freudian Uniform Slip (ta pug)
The man appointed by the governor of Texas as the state's director of homeland security in the U.S. war on terrorism, David Dewhurst, is also a candidate for lieutenant governor, and his recent patriot-themed campaign ad featured a large U.S. flag with a smartly dressed soldier standing in front of it. However, it was later discovered that the soldier in the photograph was not an American but a German soldier in a Luftwaffe uniform. [Dallas Morning News, 10-26-01]

@_date: 2002-01-05 19:50:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Letter from an anarchist C/punk thats actually been to Iceland. 
>>But when someone referred to Friedman's essays on Icelandic anarchy,
it didn't draw the blanks I think we now see<<
Taken from an april 01 post by Fried man fan,May.
See  for Ordered Anarchy, State, And Rent-Seeking: The Icelandic Commonwealth,
Birgir T. Runolfsson Solvason's PhD thesis.
claiming that the Commonwealth is an example of libertarianism or
  for Is Medieval Iceland an example of "anarcho"-capitalism working in practice?
An excellent left-libertarian refutation of this position.  Part of
Apart from demolishing most libertarian *logic*, david seems to be shooting

@_date: 2002-01-05 20:37:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: In the spirit of crazy horse. 
Free leonard Peltier now!
And chris Boyce,Mumia,Sarah and all drug war prisoners.OK.enough politics...
Level 9,the pilot ep was on last night and I had it droning away in the corner,heres some synop from The Level 9 team soon discovers that the person who took Grace is also involved with Price's archnemesis CrayZhorse. He is a master hacker who has dedicated himself to creating anarchy by leading others in a group called "The Great Uprising." CrayZhorse seems to have orchestrated both the murders and Grace's kidnapping. Price has gone up against him before and lost. But this time Price can't afford to lose, because Level 9 is the country's last and only line of defense against those who would seek to do the unthinkable.(extract)

@_date: 2002-01-05 20:49:43
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Proffr without honor 
Anarchy online,Prophet Without Honour: Anarchy Online Book One
"Only in his home town and in his own house is a prophet without
-Matthew 13.57
Prophet Without Honour begins in the year 29,475 on the planet Rubi-Ka. On this newly colonised world, orbiting two suns on the outer fringes of the galaxy, a series of momentous events will change the course of human history for all time to come. The war between Omni-Tek, the corporate entity with political and economic control over Rubi-Ka, and the rebel clans who fight for the freedom and independence of their people is just the precursor to a greater conflict that begins on Earth in the 20th Century.
Three central characters play out three converging roles - one strives for immortality, one for power and control, and one for the realisation of dreams and prophecies designed to bring humanity one step closer to its eventual fate. Spanning almost three hundred millennia of history - encompassing the fall and rebirth of mankind, the domination and destruction of a corporate hegemony.Etc at

@_date: 2002-01-05 22:06:15
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cpunks Lauded ;Tim May loaded. 
>>"Let me understand this...you have come to my house to tell me that I am a criminal facing 20-to-life if I continue to write in my journal in a language you have no key to decipher?" <<
Recent case in Ohio,guy's diary entries prosecutable.(they'll set up a grand jury at the drop of a hat,as well.)
 >>Much is being made of the "new bluntness" in Washington: "Wanted, dead or alive." "We want Osama dead." The same applies to statists: fuck with constitutional rights ...
The slave owners constitution supposedly recognizes Intrinsic human and civil rights,In a world where national borders are not even speed humps,etc.Is is to much to ask you to refer to universal human and civil rights instead? You may sound slightly less foolish.
 >>fuck with constitutional rights and you face killing. Singly or en masse. Execution of entire buildings is sometimes justified. Washington, D.C. is long overdue for "termination with extreme prejudice." <<
Coming from a non Apster this is just more bubbles in tims hot tub,stand well clear! Also,Tim,like Osama in east africa,doesnt care how many innocents die in his hot air jihad.Collateral damage.
 >>(Those who are not criminals have had many years to realize this and to get the hell out of Dodge.) <<
Those who are not hypocrites like tim and david fried man,d.Klein,etc have had plenty of time to find states with fewer laws and lower taxes than Cali.
 >>The new bluntness. <<
On this list!...I dont like it..you have to back up what your crapping on about!? What!
 >>Their "predecessors" were only predecessors in time, not in intellectual influence or in any causal sense. And their "predecessors" did not contribute the rich set of contributions that Diffie, Hellman, Merkle, Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman have contributed. In fact, we don't even fully know if these "predecessors" fully realized what they had (allegedly) discovered. Further, given that they were not participating in the larger world in the way that Diffie et. al. were, we don't even know where they got their ideas...perhaps from "predecessors of the predecessors." Those who toiled in secrecy have earned the fame that they will never have. <<
I cant be bothered deciphering this obscurantist gibberish but try this for something straightforward "The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant." --John Stuart Mill
Theres talk of tracking known arsonists and detaining them during fire emergencies down here in NSW.Tomorrows tipped to be 40 deg cel.Wonder what the CATO kid thinks of global warming?

@_date: 2002-01-05 22:51:46
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Putz the Id back in Yid. 
In Sabbath's Theater, Philip Roth finally showed us he could write a book in which neither Philip Roth nor his thinly-veiled stand-in, Nathan Zuckerman, made an appearance.
The theme of Sabbath's Theater has been done before: a lecherous, unconventional man railing at the ravages of time and the dwindling of the sexual potency by which he has defined his very existence. Most of the time, however, this theme is poorly written, the characters trite and cliched. Roth, not surprisingly, invests this novel with more lyrical energy, more sexual frankness, sharper comedy and deeper seriousness than has any writer before.
Although Roth does make use of both flashback and association, the plot of Sabbath's Theater is brisk. Mickey Sabbath, who went off to sea at the age of eighteen just so he could visit the world's brothels, is a loathsome character. His abiding philosophy of life is simply to do whatever he pleases and never to worry about pleasing anyone else. Nothing phases him, in fact, he seems to take pleasure in his uncanny ability to antagonize others. Their outrage seems to be only a reflection of his own self-worth. Mickey Sabbath manages to hurt, deceive, betray, offend, insult and abuse just about everyone with whom he comes into contact.
A true degenerate, Mickey Sabbath may seem to lack any sense of moral conscience. Although anyone meeting such a character would deny it, Sabbath actually spent an idyllic childhood on the Jersey shore; a childhood that was shattered by a traumatic dual loss. In an effort to deal with his loss and the resultant pain, to stamp out the brutality of life, and, to affirm his own sense of aliveness, Sabbath turns to carnal pleasures with a vengeance, indulging each and every sexual impulse.
Even as Sabbath indulges his crasser nature, however, and casts a satirical eye on those who deny their sensual impulses, he still endeavors to understand himself and the workings of the universe. In fact, much of the novel's comic pathos is derived from the tension that exists between Sabbath's base nature and his lechery and his seemingly incomprehensible yearning for cosmic illumination.
There is a lot of graphic sex in Sabbath's Theater and most readers will probably find it simply too perverse. I did not enjoy reading this book, and, although I think I understand Mickey Sabbath, I have to admit that I hated him. He suffers, that cannot be denied, but he is simply so perverse, and his behavior so amoral, that I really didn't care.
To be fair, I do have to admit that the perversity in this book did enhance and advance my understanding of Mickey Sabbath and the conflicts in which he is embroiled. And Philip Roth is certainly better at creating degenerate, or at least morally ambivalent characters, than he is at creating the lofty or the solemn. His "good" characters are simply too good to be true, while Sabbath, much as we may despise him, is completely credible. He may be despicable and perverted, but at least he knows it.
The writing in Sabbath's Theater is absolutely first-rate; it is pure Philip Roth and it crackles with more energy and exuberance than Portnoys' Complaint. The characters are more complex, the narrative more sophisticated and the tonal range wider than many of Roth's other works. The ending of the book virtually drips with irony. This is a multi-layered novel and one that is brilliantly original. It also contains some of the funniest writing to be found anywhere in American fiction today. Sabbath's Theater is, at its heart, a darkly comic masterpiece of complexity from one of America's finest authors.(by the same author;Operation shylock)

@_date: 2002-01-05 23:19:45
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: NYC 3000 
Sci-fi Novelist Samuel R. Delany Imagines New York City Circa 3000
Future Shock
by Samuel R. Delanyhe first scene of "The Graveyard Heart," by the late
science-fiction writer Roger Zelazny, takes place at a party on New Year's
Eve of the year 2000. It's a tale of fabulous wealth, beautiful women, and
tiny ceramic dogs; of people who behave like vampires, and love that spans
the centuries. It's a story I plan to reread on the big evening, as I wait
to see if the lights stay on past midnight or if my word processor still
works the next morning. It's hard to believe that story was written almost
40 years ago. But it's a tale to send the mind ahead to contemplate what
science fiction suggests the future might actually hold, once it gets
hereas, with or without us, it inevitably does.
My best hope for New York City is that having persisted for a few hundred
years into the third millennium, it will be remembered as the greatest city
of the last century of the second millennium. In 3000 it may be recalled as
rich, romantic, horrifying in many of its aspects, with a rep-utation much
like the Athens of classical Greece has today, or possibly Rome; or maybe
the medieval Paris of the murderer, thief, and poet Francois Villon. If
we're lucky, New York City might survive as an exotic name, like Nineveh or
Syberisis; but if the culture continues to change at its present rate, New
York's legacy might be more like that of Cambodia's Angkor Wata deserted
space, forgotten and overgrown, somewhere in the world that foreigners
rarely visit.
But what might happen along the way?
More at

@_date: 2002-01-05 23:26:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Holler for a Marshall 
The Wisdom of Saint Marshall, the Holy Fool
In the tumult of the digital revolution, McLuhan is relevant anew. But if you think you know Marshall McLuhan, or what he stood for - think again.
By Gary Wolf
Where in the waste is the wisdom?" - James Joyce
In 1971, Marshall McLuhan announced a new product.
With chemist Ross Hall, his nephew, McLuhan patented a formula for the removal of urine odor from underpants. The unique advantage of McLuhan's formula, for which he registered the trademark Prohtex, was that it removed the urine odor without masking other, more interesting smells - that of perspiration, for instance. In the aural and tactile environment of preliterate man, McLuhan explained, BO had been a valuable means of communication. When electronic technology turned the world into a global village, tribal odors would make a comeback, too.
This prediction has yet to come true, but if body odor has not yet made a comeback, its prophet surely has. Marshall McLuhan was born in 1911 and died in 1980. By the time of his death, he had been dismissed by respectable academicians, and he was known in the popular press as an eccentric intellectual whose day in the media spotlight had come and gone. By 1980, the transformation of human life catalyzed by television was taken for granted, and it no longer seemed interesting to ask where the electronic media were taking us. But in recent years, the explosion of new media - particularly the Web - has caused new anxieties. Or to put a more McLuhanesque spin on it, the advent of new digital media has brought the conditions of the old technologies into sharper relief, and made us suddenly conscious of our media environment. In the confusion of the digital revolution, McLuhan is relevant again.
Conservative Christian anarchist
McLuhan's slogans "The medium is the message" and "The global village" are recited like mantras in every digital atelier in the world, despite the fact that hardly anyone who quotes McLuhan reads his books. Some of them McLuhan hardly wrote in the first place, trusting assistants and collaborators to cobble them together out of recordings and notes. As his biographer Philip Marchand explains, with wry sympathy, "writing books was not McLuhan's forte."
Neither was McLuhan very influential as a scholar or teacher. From the beginning of his career, the Canadian professor with a doctorate from Cambridge stood outside the academic mainstream for which he had little The natural incompatibility of originality and academia was probably especially difficult to overcome for McLuhan, who had received his early education in North American public schools, which, then as now, offered few advantages to their most talented students. By the time he arrived at Cambridge, McLuhan had acquired what is perhaps the defining trait of autodidacts - a kernel of personal crankiness and a resistance to established authority.
In his role as social, political, and economic analyst, McLuhan was a clown. His speeches and public pronouncements helped give rise to a generation of affluent futurists and business consultants skilled at telling executives what they liked to hear, but McLuhan's own predictions and business ideas were often hilariously ill-conceived. If his urine-odor remover failed to stimulate the instincts of business executives, perhaps McLuhan could talk Tom Wolfe into collaborating on a Broadway production of a play in which the media appeared on stage as characters. This aborted script followed two other McLuhan attempts at musicals, including one in which Russian Elvis fans were given a shot at governing America.
Even in areas where McLuhan was expected to be more dependable - say, pop culture - his pronouncements were often incredible. In 1968, for instance, McLuhan attempted to explain to readers of Playboy why the miniskirt was not sexy.
With McLuhan, the accuracy of his commentary was beside the point. "What is truth?" asked McLuhan in 1974, and he answered with a quote he attributed to Agatha Christie's iconoclastic investigator Hercule Poirot: "Eet ees whatever upsets zee applecart."
"You have not studied Joyce or Baudelaire yet, or you would have no problems in understanding my procedure," McLuhan wrote to one detractor with whom he was especially irritated. "I have no theories whatever about anything. I make observations by way of discovering contours, lines of force, and pressures. I satirize at all times, and my hyperboles are as nothing compared to the events to which they refer."
Gary Wolf (Wired.com"gary at Wired.com) is the executive editor of HotWired. He and Michael Stein are the authors of Aether Madness: An Off-Beat Guide to the Online World.

@_date: 2002-01-05 23:47:06
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Small is Beautiful. 
Classic Appropriate Technology Vision, May 25, 2000
This is one book that adds the perspective of the wider World (not just the technologically elite), when making decisions on engineering/business solutions (as well as other resource allocation decisions). When striving towards best solutions, some engineers & consultants may favour technology complexity and quality, when simplicity and fit-for-purpose are optimal. This book provides some inspiration and building blocks, to be coupled with the usual simulation toolkit including systems analysis, enabling development and implementation of appropriate solutions. Similarly, the book appeals to a much wider audience that can embrace such values in day to day life.
The inspirational well-written contents cover:
*Part I- The modern world- problem of production, peace and permanence, role of economics, Buddhist economics, and a question of size.
*Part II- resources- education, proper use of land, resources for industry, nuclear energy, and technology with a human face.
*Part III_ the third world- development, social and economic problems requiring intermediate technology, two million villages, and the problem of unemployment in India.
*Part IV- organisation and ownership- a machine to foretell the future, towards a theory of large-scale organisation, socialism, ownership and new patterns of ownership.
Improvements could include up-to-date case studies (perhaps including material from VSO) showing the benefits of the approach; and an update on where intermediate technology is today. Note- the book 'Flexible Specialisation' by Pedersen et al (ISBN 1853392170 publ.1994) provides some such case studies for Africa, Asia and Mexico.
Personally, this reviewer was inspired by the book to lead an undergraduate team project with Intermediate Technology (the company) and Sri Lankan men designing and implementing a self-build fretsaw for educational toys in 1991. Overall a stimulating, worthwhile addition to any library.
Another review...
Economists are people who spend half of their time foretelling what will happen, and the other half explaining why what they foresaw didn't happen, Well, not Fritz Shumacher. Today, in 2001, "Small Is Beautiful" is 25 years old, and almost every single prediction in the book, from the power, deshumanization, and cross-borders character of corporation, to the threat to the environment, to the ineffectiveness of liberalism in addressing the problems of the developing world, have become true.
Of special interest are the chapters that deal with adoption of technology, and the role of technology in development. In Schumacher's insights may lie the key to making development an inherent process of each society, instead of an external, massive, and rarely effective effort.
The last few chapters, about "socializing" large corporations, may be somewhat utopian in today's world, but still merit reflection.
Shumacher died soon after having published his book, so he didn't have the opportunity of spreading or developing his work. Still, this is a must read for anyone interested in sound, alternative views to the prevailing ones of "larger is better", or "if what we're doing doesn't work, we must do more of it".

@_date: 2002-01-06 00:01:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Turkish today,Crypto tomorrow? 
(Longish)YEARLY REPORT ON ANARCHISM IN TURKEY - 2001* In Turkey, year 2001 passed with the deep impacts of economic crisis that was declared to be the greatest since World War II. In the anarchist arena, unfortunately on the same days with the emerging of crisis in Turkish economy (on February) an attack to an anarchist comrade by a group of "so-called" anarchists caused a kind of "division" in the movement. But in general anarchism went on spreading all over the country and for the first time in their seventeen years of "official" history, a group of Turkish anarchists are arrested for the claim of "being members of an illegal organization". GROUPS & ACTIONS In 2001, Turkish anarchists organized in lots of different autonomous groups and around some campaigns. Except the "isolated group" Anarchist Platform which organized few own demonstrations in Istanbul, anarchists from Istanbul formed a new group named TSK-I "Initiative Against Domination and War-Istanbul". This group includes members from both IAMI (Istanbul Anti-Militarist Initiative) and kara MecmuA involvers with also individual participants from Istanbul. Mayday, Genova events etc. were among those demos that Istanbul anarchists participated. TSK-I also succeeded to organize a self-performance demo and few seminars against the war. Anti-MERNIS campaign (a campaign against national identity card number system-MERNIS) was one of those initiatives started by the same group. Ankara anarchists have their own place named Kara Kalem Sanat Atvlyesi "Black Pencil Art Workshop" in downtown since August 2001. More than dealing only with so-called "art", it is also an active meeting place for organizing every kind of activity. Last year they would manage to organize an anti-militarist festival and a press meeting for objectors. A number of fanzines published by various members of Ankara anarchist circle (including AN kara fanzin). They've appeared in lots of demos, in some carrying their own flags and placards. During Genova events, after the murdering of Carlo was heard, bank ATMs and walls of buildings in downtown met with anarchists. In Izmir, which is the third biggest city of Turkey, there are two main groups. One of them is IAF (Izmir Anarchist Federation); in fact they are just an autonomous group of young anarchists-not a "federation" in the real meaning of the word. They have published their own fanzine and attended some local demos. This group has some relations with "isolated" Anarchist Platform. There are some other anarchists who had worked with Genova initiative and appeared on Mayday; they used the name of Kara G|ndem "Black Agenda". ISKD (Izmir War Resisters Association) must also be mentioned here as an important anti-militarist organization. This group organized an international meeting named "Anti-Militarism and Feminism in Turkey" on September. It does also include a women group named "Anti-Militarist Feminists". This year various autonomous groups from different cities emerged. Anarchist Collective from Istanbul dissolved itself after succeeding in a few actions and publishing some materials. Some groups dared to declare themselves as "anarchist autonomous groups" (Ushak and Samsun) and some as local anarchists initiatives (in Antalya, Mersin etc.). This year on Mayday, Antalya met with anarchists carrying black fags. In other cities anarchists act either as "friend" groups or smaller initiatives. "ANARCHIST" PLATFORM AND ISOLATION POLICY On 10 of February, a group of 5-6 people attacked a well-known anarchist and conscientious objector grotesquely during a meeting about non-violent methods of struggle in Istanbul. The attack against him was probably because of his critics about the attackers but as it would be expected the attackers claimed him in other "personal" means. The incident was immediately condemned by most of the anarchist, anti-militarist and libertarian groups all around the country including MecmuA, IAMI, ISKD, Kaos GL, and Ankara Anarchists etc. The related group Anarchist Platform including AGF (Anarchist Youth Federation), SED (Social Ecological Transformation) and their periodical Efendizler (Masterless) did not make any statement about the subject, instead they preferred to claim the "other" groups and individuals for their isolation policy. As it was not the first not the last violent incident against anarchists organized by this group, "isolation" policy seems to continue until they have gave up their treatments and violent acts against anarchists. ANTI-MILITARISM Anti-militarist activities were mostly located in three big cities Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir. For the day of Conscientious Objection on 15th May various activities were organized; mainly in Ankara and also two other cities. In Ankara, three day long anti-militarist festival included a seminar, an inner discussion, film exhibitions, and a concert (although it did not last long because of the rain). This was organized by mostly anarchists from Ankara and few anti-militarists. On 27th of October, two people from Ankara declared their conscientious objection against the military service. For some people their declarations were more than conscientious, "total" objection as they rejected any possible corporation with the state and the army. One of the objectors was a gay from Kaos GL group. For the first time as a gay "objector" he and his group stated the oppression of the state and army on gays. On the same day Ankara Anarchists organized an illegal demo against the ongoing war and in order to support the objectors. Similar demonstrations and actions were organized by anarchists in various cities and universities in Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir mostly against the war in Afghanistan. On 27-30 September in Izmir-S}gacik, with the initiative of ISKD group an international meeting on anti-militarism, feminism and libertarian activities was organized. About 80 people attended; 30 of whom came from abroad. The issues were based on anti-militarism, pacifist methods of struggle, feminism, ecologism and anarchism. Although some disagreements among anarchists and some anti-militarists appeared, it must be regarded as a successful meeting. PRISONS AND ANARCHISTS On 1st of December, two anarchists were taken by the police in Ushak (a city in Mid-West Anatolia) with the claim of distributing "illegal" leaflets in a meeting organized by trade-unions. Later on, 3 other were taken, and all (5) of them were arrested with the claim of "being members of an illegal organization" namely Ushak Anarchist Autonom. In fact they had nothing to do except distributing their own materials/leaflets. But for this terrorist state, it may be enough to judge them with the claim of organizing in such a way "to destroy or to divide" it, although they did not even find any (in their own "words") "violent" or "terrorist" clues related with the group. Their trail will be held in Izmir DGM (SSC-State Security Court) and probably they'll be sent to Nazilli Prison. At the moment they are in Ushak Prison; each of them was put into different cells, which is not "usual". As it was heard they were badly beaten and tortured by Ushak police and refused the lawyer offered by the state. This is the first time that Turkish anarchists will be judged by Turkish State as an "illegal organization" and this trail will show the attitude of the state against anarchists and anarchist organizations. The last months of 2000 and the most of 2001 passed with the hunger strikes' of revolutionary leftist prisoners against F type prisons and the terror of Turkish state against them. Some anarchist groups and individuals supported the riots of political prisoners without being a tool for the leftist groups' policies. Yet, among the prisoners there are only five people who were arrested because of anarchist activities; most of the others naming themselves "anarchists" are former members of leftist organizations. Among these people there are some who are suffering from not only the oppression of the state and prison authorities but also the oppression of the leftists. This may even sometimes end up with death just like it happened three years ago in Bursa jail in suspicious murder of an anti- authoritarian/anti-militarist prisoner Mehmet Cakar by his former group TIKKO (Turkish Liberation Army of Peasants and Workers). "Anarchist" prisoners in jail did not "fully" support the hunger strikes as it was initiated by leftists -mostly led by DHKP-C (Revolutionary People's Liberation Army-Front)- but some of them partially went a few days symbolic hunger strike. Only one among all "anarchists" in jail, Dervish Orhan personally -although his former organization PKK (Kurdistan Labor Party) did not support hunger strikes- went on a hunger strike for over 150 days including a few weeks of break. His "requests" were mostly personal; against the prison administration that had taken his personal notes, books, clothes and furniture. But this was not a hunger strike just for "requests", in fact more than that it was to protest the administration and on their behalf the State itself. In a few months time anarchists all around Turkey organized a campaign for the release of him, afterwards the needed money was collected to transfer him to hospital for medical control from Mersin (where he was imprisoned) to Istanbul. At last, after following some legal procedures with the initiative of his new lawyer, he was released on 31st of October for 6 months because of health problems. ANTI-SEXISM Kaos GL, which is the unique libertarian anti-heterosexual gay & lesbian group in Turkey managed to open the first homosexual culture center of Turkey (Kaos K|lt|r Merkezi-Chaos Culture Center) in Ankara on September 2000. Kaos GL is released periodically on every three months but fifteen days newspaper project Parmak (Finger) had failed after a number of issues. Unwillingly they have become very "popular" in the mainstream media with their participation in Mayday demonstration. Some women groups mostly from Istanbul and Izmir were active during this year; Sigacik meeting was a good organization in this means. ANARCHO-SYNDICALISM Yet Turkish anarcho-syndicalists and other anarchists that are members of trade unions did not manage to organize. This is more or less because of the fact that anarcho-syndicalism does not have any tradition or historical background in Turkish syndicalism history. In addition, Turkish legal infrastructure is quite problematic about establishing syndicates. That's why, anarchists usually choose to work in recent syndicates as just members or even sometimes they are taking some responsibilities. Although they are very few in number for now, increasing day by day -most of them are former Marxists- in some syndicates like KESK (Confederation of Public Workers' Syndicates-office workers syndicate for government sector). In the riots against the new trade-union law -which gave "legality" to syndicates such as KESK- anarchists and anarcho-syndicalists were among those people who has fought against the security forces. PRESS & PERIODICALS First issue of kara MecmuA (black Periodical) came on February and five issues were printed until January 2002. "MecmuA involvers" include different writers from -nearly- all of the previous anarchist periodicals; Kara (Black-first appeared on 1984), Efendisiz, Amargi, Atesh Hirsizi, Apolitika, Efendisizler etc. Each issue -but not the whole magazine- has a different subject to discuss and has a two months period to be released again. Published in Istanbul, it is distributed in most of the country and as an average more than 1000 are sold. Kaos Yayinlari (Chaos Publications) uses the same address with MecmuA and still the unique anarchist bookstore in Turkey. In addition some leftist bookstores publish -mostly translated- books on anarchist theory and history but yet "anarchism in Turkish" is not so rich. This year so called "Anarchist" Platform circle's periodicals like Efendisizler, Anarsi, and Kara Toprak (Black Land) did not appear so much (only a few issues). On the other hand zines are still active and lots of new anarchist and anarcho-punk zines born. Among them "AN kara fanzin" is different, as it looks like a "formal" periodical more than a zine-with both by number of the participants and with its page-format. The staff contains some anarchists from Ankara and the zine is distributed to many cities. Starting from May, three issues were published. Except this one, lots of zines Oldsletter, KatrAn, Veganarshi, Kontra Atak, Twillight Zine, Ictepi, Afanzin etc. were published in 2001 and as a counter culture they have signed the development of anarchist theory and practice in Turkey. As a historical and effective a well-known Turkish periodical on culture and literature, Varlik appeared to be an arena for spreading anarchist ideas. S|reyyya Evren, Rahmi Vgd|l, Yasar Cubuklu and Isik Erg|den are among the writers whose articles on anarchist and libertarian thought are good sources for intellectual ground. * Written by B. V. from AN kara fanzin - January 2002

@_date: 2002-01-06 00:04:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim "RaHoWa' May. 
CALL TO ANTI-RACISTS TO CONVERGE ON YORK, PA, JANUARY 12TH: SHUT DOWN THE WHITE SUPREMACISTS' RECRUITING DRIVE! This coming January 12, at 12 noon in York, PA, three white supremacist groups with ties to racist terrorism -- the World Church of the Creator, the National Alliance, and the Eastern Hammer Skins -- are planning a public meeting to capitalize off racial tensions which have been brought out recently by the prosecution of York's mayor for his role in the 1969 race riots in that town. Mayor Robertson, then an officer on the York City police force, is accused of encouraging white kids to "kill as many n----rs as you can" during the riots, and giving them ammunition which was used to kill a black woman driving through a white neighborhood. We are calling all concerned anti-racists to come out and help shut down these nazis. NEVER GIVE THE NAZIS SPACE TO ORGANIZE! No matter how radical they claim to be, white supremacists always show their true colors by siding with the police when things get heavy. The National Alliance targeted York earlier this year for a stickering campaign supporting Mayor Robertson's actions during the riots. And now three well-known fascist organizations are planning to hold a public meeting with the same message. The World Church of the Creator has been on the rise since the shooting spree undertaken by one of its members, Ben Smith, in July of 1999 (Smith targeted Asian, Black and Jewish people, killing 2 and wounding 9). After exploiting the media attention in the wake of the shooting for all it was worth, WCOTC leader Matt Hale began a campaign of holding public meetings in libraries around Central Illinois to spread his fascist ideology. These meetings are a bid to appear respectable and to bring white supremacy into the mainstream. Hale's usual language of racist slurs and calls for RaHoWa (Racial Holy War) are toned down and buried behind smooth-talking claims that the WCOTC is only interested in helping white communities. The WCOTC's shock troops of violence-prone thugs are encouraged to dress sharply to present a good public image and to refrain from violence ... for the time being. The National Alliance tends to organize more 'respectably' -- in Maryland, one of their most prominent members is a correctional officer at Hagerstown -- and are somewhat slicker about using popular white racism to build a mass movement along the lines of the original Nazi Party. They claim to have more than doubled their numbers in the past year, and were quick to turn the September 11th tragedy to their advantage, both blaming Jews and the U.S.'s support for Israel for the attack, and exploiting anti-immigrant sentiment to their own ends. In Florida, the NA recently commissioned a billboard saying, "Stop Immigration Now", and in DC, they've held two rallies at the Israeli embassy, trying to turn anti-imperialist sentiment against Israel into white-supremacist organizing here. And the fact that these two groups are now coming together with Hammerskins is especially cause for alarm. A loose organization of white supremacist "skinheads" (we put the word in quotes out of respect for anti-racist skinheads, who have often been in the front lines confronting them), Hammerskins are well-known for tracking down anti-racist organizers and beating them up (thankfully plenty of times they've more than met their match!) but generally shy away from any political organizing. While Hammerskins have often served as "security detachments" at the World Church of the Creator's events, historically the Hammerskins didn't have a lot of respect for the NA, seeing them as being too uptight, disciplined, and not active. But this has changed as the Hammers have seen the massive growth that the NA has claimed, and the energy that anti-racist activists have devoted to countering the NA's recent efforts. At a recent nazi rally in Washington, DC, a leader of the Eastern Hammer Skins yelled to the anti-racist counter-demonstrators, "Any of you gotten your asses kicked in Baltimore lately? If so, that was us!" Indeed. Whatever their game plan, none of these groups have anything whatsoever to offer, and we refuse to allow them space to spread their racist fantasies. Previous WCOTC meetings

@_date: 2002-01-06 00:10:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: 10 worst Corps. of 2001,I cant believe Monsanto missed out. 
The Ten Worst Corporations of 2001
by Russell Mokhiber and Robert Weissman In a year marked not only by the now-standard forms of corporate marauding but also by brazen wartime profiteering, it was no easy chore to identify Multinational Monitor's 10 corporations of 2001.
The competition was even tougher than usual. But choices had to be made. And now decisions have been reached.
Multinational Monitor has named Abbott Laboratories, Argenbright, Bayer, Coke, Enron, Exxon Mobil, Philip Morris, Sara Lee, Southern Co. and Wal-Mart as the 10 worst corporations of 2001
Appearing in alphabetical order, the 10 worst are:
Abbott Laboratories, for its TAP Pharmaceuticals, a joint venture with Japanese Takeda Pharmaceuticals. TAP was forced to pay $875 million to resolve criminal charges and civil liability in connection with allegations of major Medicare reimbursement fraud. Among other alleged fraudulent activities, as a way of hooking doctors on prescribing Lupron, its prostate cancer drug, TAP gave doctors free samples and then encouraged doctors to bill Medicare for the free samples.
Argenbright, the security company, for repeat violations of regulations for airport security. Argenbright's appalling record -- including violations of security rules it had been caught breaking just a year earlier -- helped convince Congress to federalize U.S. airport security operations.
Bayer, for its overcharge of the government and public for the anti-anthrax drug Cipro, based on a patent monopoly that may well be improperly maintained by virtue of a collusive arrangement with a generic manufacturer. Bayer also secured a place on the 10 worst list for its dangerous peddling of antibiotics for poultry (contributing to antibiotic resistance among humans) and its harassment of a German watchdog group, Coalition Against Bayer Dangers, for maintaining a BayerWatch.com website.
Coca Cola, for its sponsorship of the first Harry Potter movie and possible sequels, using a children's favorite to hawks its unhealthy product, and for alleged complicity with death squads in Colombia targeting union leaders there.
Enron, for costing many of its employees their life savings by refusing to let them dump company stock from their pension plans, as Enron plunged toward bankruptcy.
ExxonMobil, for leading the global warming denial campaign (even O'Dwyer's a leading rag of the public relations industry, has chastised the company for its "stubborn refusal to acknowledge the fact that burning fossil fuels has a role in global warming") and blocking efforts at appropriate remedial action, plus a host of other reckless activities.
Philip Morris, for its "we've changed" marketing campaign -- revealed to be a hoax by a Czech study it commissioned alleging cost savings from smoking-related premature deaths, as well as the company's ongoing efforts to addict millions of new smokers.
Sara Lee, for a scandal involving its Ball Park Franks hot dogs. Listeria-contaminated Ball Park Franks killed 21 and seriously injured 100 in 1998. In 2001, with civil and criminal litigation around the case heating up, the Detroit Free Press reported that Sara Lee stopped performing tests for bacteria after it started recording too many positives. The U.S. attorney, which handled prosecution of the criminal case, insists Sara Lee did not know about the presence of listeria in its hot dogs. In an extraordinary move, the U.S. attorney issued a joint press release with Sara Lee announcing settlement of the case. The final tally: 21 dead. A misdemeanor plea. A $200,000 fine.
Southern Co., the largest electric utility in the United States, for its efforts to defeat sensible air pollution regulations. Southern is a heavy user of coal, and leads the fight to maintain a ridiculous "grandfather" clause in the U.S. Clean Air Act, which exempts power plants built before 1970 from Clean Air Act standards.
Wal-Mart, for continuing to source products from overseas sweatshops, for viciously battling efforts to unionize any fraction of its workforce (the largest in the United States, among private employers), and for contributing to the sprawl that blights the U.S. landscape.
For a complete version of Multinational Monitor's article naming the 10 worst corporations of 2001, see Russell Mokhiber is editor of the Washington, D.C.-based Corporate Crime Reporter. Robert Weissman is editor of the Washington, D.C.-based Multinational Monitor. They are co-authors of Corporate Predators: The Hunt for MegaProfits and the Attack on Democracy (Monroe, Maine: Common Courage Press, 1999;

@_date: 2002-01-06 00:18:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Yearly underreported news round up. 
* Antitrust law is history. Meanwhile, the local press quoted Microsoft's
lawyers ad nauseam and reported on how badly rich peoples' stock options
are suffering.
* Energy privatization is dead. Several states put on hold or canceled
their plans to privatize utilities after California's mess showed what
privatization really means: Taxpayers take it in the shorts.
* Massive protests greeted George Bush's January inauguration. Protesters
overwhelmed key points on the Pennsylvania Avenue inaugural parade route,
and TV cameras carefully avoided those areas, the fences surrounding the
parade route, or any acknowledgement of public anger over last December's
coup d'itat.
* Bush and the Republicans have shamelessly used the Sept. 11 tragedy to
try to push through reactionary legislation. The list is long, as is the
list of assaults on the Bill of Rights for those "suspected" of being
terrorists, and anyone else in the general vicinity. How bad is it? Spain
is refusing to extradite terrorist suspects because of Bush's military
courts. When the land of Franco and the Spanish inquisition is lecturing
the U.S. on due process, you'd think there's a story afoot.
* Bush's $300 tax rebates weren't rebates at all. That $300 will simply go
on your new tax bill instead. The government is getting every penny from
you it originally expected to; the "rebate" was a cheap accounting trick to
divert attention from huge, permanent cuts for the wealthy. Most news
reports obediently parroted the fraud. Meanwhile, Dubya's tax cut was a
"stimulus" flop long before Sept. 11, but as Congress now considers yet
another such plan, that story, too, is conspicuously absent.
* For weeks, only The Wall Street Journal has reliably and repeatedly
reported that the anthrax spores found in three letters to congressmen are
a U.S. weapons-grade variety. Once anthrax attacks didn't fit the Osama bin
Laden narrative, the investigation vanished from news programs.
* Gore won Florida. The exhaustive media recount finally released last
month concluded that if all legally cast votes in all of Florida's counties
had been counted in 2000, Al Gore would be president. Inexplicably, media
accounts almost uniformly spun the study as vindicating Bush's victory.
* Finally, so many aspects of our Afghan invasion were reported extensively
worldwide, except here, that it's impossible to pick among them. American
media distinguished themselves by avoiding actual field reporting in favor
of a bizarre alternate universe of White House and Pentagon briefings and
spin. Among our Pravda- esque domestic media's almost verboten topics: new
post-Sept. 11 support for dictators, Afghan civilian deaths, CIA training
of bin Laden, long-term military strategy, oil politics, the Carlyle Group,
Saudi connections to terrorism, nuclear proliferation and the ABM treaty,
or why it is much of the world views the U.S. as a rogue--even

@_date: 2002-01-06 00:23:16
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Open Source Intelligence site 
jya.
Welcome to News via OpenFlows!
We're just getting started, but this site should be developing rapidly, and we're already posting several stories a day, so come back often.
Our first feature is coverage of the ongoing Napster legal dispute, which we feel represents a number of issues relevant to Understanding the Network Our second feature revolves around the tragic events of Sept 11th 2001. We can't help but collect and archive documents relating to this cataclysmic intersection of space and time.
Here  we're involved in deep-sea diving admidst the information flood acting as a high-speed early warning system that engages pattern recognition on all scales. We're neither fauna nor flora, but are quite alive, conducting collaborative filtering, that we hope you'll enjoy and even engage!

@_date: 2002-01-06 00:28:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Orange crush 
Agent orange news in Nam... Scientists investigating the effects of Agent Orange in Vietnam have found that people living in a so-called hotspot have the highest blood levels of its poisonous chemical dioxin ever recorded in the country.
Agent Orange, which has the dioxin (TCDD - short for 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin) as one of its constituents, was last used in 1973.
But today, some residents of Binh-Hoa, near Ho Chi Minh City, have 200 times the normal amount of dioxin in their bloodstreams.
Agent Orange was widely used by the US military during the Vietnam War as a defoliant so that Vietnam's dense jungle could not provide cover for Viet Cong forces.
'Startling' results
It was when US veterans started to become ill with a variety of health problems that investigations suggested that Agent Orange could be involved.
The most dangerous ingredient was the dioxin, a pollutant that stays in the environment for decades.
There are still about 12 dioxin hotspots in Vietnam, in areas where very heavy spraying took place. (cont)
Page 1 breaking news is apparent discovery of highly toxic batch in WA.(ex vietnam)Deaths suspected.

@_date: 2002-01-06 00:41:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Bill Gates assassination politech. 
Life imitates art...we In Buffalo, New York, eighty-two inches of snow fell during a three-day period last week. The townspeople began to dig out almost at once. They leave their shovels by the doors in Buffalo, and a recent Washington Post article made note of why. It's so they can shove the front door open just an inch or two against the tonnage of snow, and pull the shovel inside, from whence they begin to dig outward and uncover the world once again.
In a New Year, having experienced a blizzard of destruction and death ...
On blacknet they are screaming for intell on leveraging this dump to create

@_date: 2002-01-06 00:51:58
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Well done comrades 
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP) - A freight train derailed Sunday afternoon, spilling thousands of gallons of chemicals that ignited in a fireball, authorities said. Two nearby houses were heavily damaged.
At least seven of the 42 cars of the CSX Corp. jumped the rails around 3:30 p.m. in Charlotte, a suburb north of Rochester. Two tankers containing methylene chloride and acetone leaked and caught fire, said Fire Capt. Dan Part of the train crashed into a house, and another nearby house caught fire soon afterward. No one in the homes was hurt, McBride said.
There was no immediate word whether the chemicals posed environmental or health dangers. No one had been evacuated as of 5 p.m., but officials opened a school for residents unable to get to their homes.
Plumes of black smoke could be seen more than 10 miles away, and witness Sharon Connolly said she saw a huge ball of flame.
"I saw the cars fly in the air. There was an explosion," she told the Democrat and Chronicle of Rochester.
Officials said the fire had been contained by early evening.
The train originated from Rochester, said CSX spokesman Bob Sullivan. The chemicals, used in making photographic film, were being delivered to an Eastman Kodak plant.
"We're working with local authorities to make sure this thing gets resolved safely and quickly," Sullivan said.
An engineer, who was not immediately identified, jumped from the train as it tipped, McBride said. The engineer was treated at a hospital for minor The conductor, the only other person on board, was not injured.
Meanwhile on the west coast,Tim May,disguised as a militia warrior,got back from a weekend of rolfing and high colonics at a famous North Cali health retreat.Quoted as "trying to eliminate all free radicals."May did not look well.

@_date: 2002-01-06 03:53:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: NETWAR:Attack of the Hooligans 
...the combatants come from bomb-making terrorist
groups like Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda, or drug smuggling cartels like those
in Colombia and Mexico. On the positive side are civil-society activists fighting for the environment, democracy and human rights. What all have in
common is that they operate in small, dispersed units that can deploy anywhere, anytime to penetrate and disrupt. They all feature network forms
of organization, doctrine, strategy, and technology attuned to the information age. And, from the Intifadah to the drug war, they are proving
very hard to beat.
Extract from  Check out chapter 4,It's a Killer.
"Encryption can pose potentially insurmountable challenges to law enforcement when used in conjunction with communication or plans for executing serious terrorist and criminal acts."

@_date: 2002-01-06 04:06:22
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Retreat to Hoth 
The fight for the future makes daily headlines. Its battles are not between the armies of leading states, nor are its weapons the large, expensive tanks, planes and fleets of regular armed forces. Rather, the combatants come from violent terrorist networks like Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda, drug cartels like those in Colombia and Mexico, and militant anarchists like the Black Bloc that fought back during the Battle of Seattle. Other protagonists - ones who often benefit U.S. interests - are networked civil-society activists fighting for democracy and human rights around the  From the Battle of Seattle to the "attack on America," these networks are proving very hard to deal with; some are winning. What all have in common is that they operate in small, dispersed units that can deploy nimbly - anywhere, anytime. All feature network forms of organization, doctrine, strategy, and technology attuned to the information age. They know how to swarm and disperse, penetrate and disrupt, as well as elude and evade. The tactics they use range from battles of ideas to acts of sabotage - and many tactics involve the Internet.
So far, across this new landscape of conflict, the edge has gone to the networks. Hierarchy-oriented states must learn to transform themselves along networked lines, or they will face the increasingly daunting prospect of struggling against a rising tide of both civil and uncivil networks enabled, and impelled forward, by the information revolution.
"Punk was much more than fad or fashion; it demonstrated the fractal effect in culture, showing how small events, the acts of a few people, can cause ripples around the world."

@_date: 2002-01-06 04:22:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Torture testing. 
The strongest networks will be those in which the organizational design is sustained by a winning story and a well-defined doctrine, and in which all this is layered atop advanced communications systems and rests on strong personal and social ties at the base. Each level, and the overall design, may benefit from redundancy and diversity. Each level's characteristics are likely to affect those of the other levels.
These are not idle academic issues. Getting a network form "right" - like getting a hierarchical or market form "right" - can be a delicate enterprise. For practitioners trying to organize a new network or adjust one that already exists, various options may merit consideration - and their assessment should assure that all the organizational, narrative, doctrinal, technological, and social levels are well-designed and integrated.
This applies to netwar and counternetwar actors across the spectrum. However, our discussion emphasizes evidence from social netwar actors, mainly activist NGOs, because they have been more open and expressive than have terrorist, criminal, and other violent, secretive actors. The discussion draws on some of the cases presented in our new book, but also affords an opportunity to bring in other recent examples.
Each of these levels of analysis deserves more elaboration than we give here. Our goals are to get people to think in these terms and point the way, even though we cannot pretend to offer final methodological guidance.
APster might be considered roughly to be at the stage where Stallman,torvalds and Cox were at with kernel testing early 90's.(Rebel Code) Section 25,paragraph 18 is now strictly enforced,"need to know."kill the president.

@_date: 2002-01-06 04:34:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: People for a Free World. 
Bastille day Blitzkreig.
10 July 2002, 12:04 PDT
This time it is real. The great cyberwar has begun. I am sure of it. I
have decided to record whatever happens here because I am certain that
one of the many scenarios I have studied over the past decade is now taking
place. Two days ago the following message was posted anonymously and with
great craftiness on several commercial news sites:
"It is often the case that one can most readily learn about society by watching its reactions, across the spectrum, to those who would challenge it."Revolution cannot be non-violent or pacifist. It is a political act of violence aimed against the ruling elite to overthrow them just as the revolutions of the past were, history reminds us. It is political ignorance to believe that you can have a revolution without the use of political ''Someone has got to do the things no one else wants to do.''

@_date: 2002-01-06 17:28:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Queers are Revolting. 
QUEERS ARE REVOLTING!  And you can join us! by The Love Revolution
Heterosexism CAN BE CURED!
Why Indeed?
Gender and Race form the foundation of our current oppression under the white heterosexual Christian regime in the United States.
Until issues of sexuality and gender are included in the fight for peace, there will be no peace.
As long as heterosexual men feel that they must reign supreme in all political affairs, there will be no peace.
As long as gays, lesbians, intersexuals, transgendered and bisexual people continue to be harassed, imprisoned, and killed simply for living their lives honestly, there will be no peace.
And when you are ready to hide your heterosexuality in the closet, (no kissing your girlfriends at the protest rallies,) then we will talk about me stopping my visibility as a gay man.
Gays and lesbians for Peace organizations.
Want to learn more about Heterosexism and how it affects our culture?
A few questions to ponder:
1. What do you think caused your heterosexuality?
2.  When and how did you first decide you were a heterosexual?
3.  Is it possible your heterosexuality is just a phase you may grow out of?
4.  Could it be that your heterosexuality stems from a neurotic fear of others of the same sex?
5.  If you've never slept with a person of the same sex, how can you be sure you wouldn't prefer that?
6.  To whom have you disclosed your heterosexual tendencies? How did they 7.  Why do heterosexuals feel compelled to seduce others into their lifestyle?
8.  Why do you insist on flaunting your heterosexuality? Can't you just be what you are and keep it quiet?
9.  Would you want your children to be heterosexual, knowing the problems they'd face?
10. A disproportionate majority of child molesters are heterosexual men.  Do you consider it safe to expose children to heterosexual male teachers, pediatricians, priests, or scoutmasters?
11. With all the societal support for marriage, the divorce rate is spiraling.  Why are there so few stable relationships among heterosexuals?
12. Why do heterosexuals place so much emphasis on sex?
13. Considering the menace of overpopulation, how could the human race survive if everyone were heterosexual?
14. Could you trust a heterosexual therapist to be objective?  Don't you fear s/he might be inclined to influence you in the direction of her/his own leanings?
15. Heterosexuals are notorious for assigning themselves and one another rigid, stereotyped sex roles.  Why must you cling to such unhealthy 16. With the sexually segregated living conditions of military life, isn't heterosexuality incompatible with military service?
17. How can you enjoy an emotionally fulfilling experience with a person of the other sex when there are such vast differences between you?  How can a man know what pleases a woman sexually or vice-versa?
18. Shouldn't you ask your far-out straight cohorts, like skinheads and born-agains, to keep quiet?  Wouldn't that improve your image? 19. Why are heterosexuals so promiscuous?
20. Why do you attribute heterosexuality to so many famous lesbian and gay people?  Is it to justify your own heterosexuality?
21. How can you hope to actualize your God-given homosexual potential if you limit yourself to exclusive, compulsive heterosexuality?
22. There seem to be very few happy heterosexuals.  Techniques have been developed that might enable you to change if you really want to.  After all, you never deliberately chose to be a heterosexual, did you?  Have you considered aversion therapy or Heterosexuals Anonymous?

@_date: 2002-01-06 20:33:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Morons of the year. 
1 0 attention? PETA is well-known for its publicity stunts and for its reputation of doing absolutely nothing at all to help animals, but plenty of things to hurt people. They're more anti-human than pro-beast. This year, PETA's president, Ingrid Newkirk took the cake when she said she hopes that foot and mouth disease spreads to the US. That clinches it. Not only do they not do anything to help animals, they actually want them to come to harm. What a strange group.
A twelve-year-old deaf girl in New Jersey was threatened with suspension from school. In
9 this day and age you'd think that meant she spoke the word "gun" to a friend on a weekend in a field 20 miles away from the nearest school, but that wasn't her crime in this case. No, her crime was signing. That's right. Being deaf, she speaks with sign language. Supposedly signing on the bus was creating a disturbance. Ironically, the girl's hearing was damaged at that same school by someone setting off fireworks in an enclosed space.
We explored the inanity of knee-jerk reactions in Zero Tolerance Gone Mad, part IV. A
8 Nevada school expelled a boy for an off-the-cuff remark he made outside of school, saying he fit the "profile" of a suicidal mass murderer, Columbine style. Their profile? He's a good kid, gets good grades, is well liked, dresses neatly, and has ADHD. Oh, and he owned a BB gun! The school labeled him a "habitual offender" even though he had no prior disciplinary record, and he was hauled off to jail.
Next we have the story of the mayor of a small Florida town who decided to expel the
7 devil from it. Really. I can't make things up this good. She wrote her proclamation out on 4 pieces of paper, which were then placed into hollowed out wooden posts that were placed at the four corners of town, witchcraft style. Presumably the dark lord is intimidated by hollowed out wooden posts with papers inside.
After we waited an entire year for Hollywood to turn out a watchable movie that didn't 6 make us run from the theater screaming, "my eyes! my eyes!" they gave us Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Mind you, this is no American Beauty or Truman Show, but at least it isn't the usual crap. As one might expect, fundamentalist Christians had a field day with the movie, going on about how its appeal would draw helpless children into Witchcraft. Hey guys, here's a clue for you: witchcraft is a fantasy, just like your Pat Robertson, the foaming-at-the-mouth, power-hungry scoundrel who recently retired 5 from running the Christian Coalition surprised a number of people by advocating abortion for Chinese women. While we agreed with his sentiment, it was surprising to hear it coming out of his mouth nonetheless. It was (and is) our suspicion that his advocacy was based on anti-China hatred, which got the better of his staunch anti-abortion views.
Jerry Falwell. Oh, should I say more? OK. Jerry Falwell drew harsh criticism from the four 4 winds, even from people sympathetic to his sickening views, after accusing his opponents of causing the tragic terrorist attacks on the US. Two weeks after he made an ass of himself on the 700 Club, he claimed his comments were taken out of context. His son sent out letters to Falwell's followers asking for $50 or $100 to help his dear old dad recover from "Satan's fiery darts" that were supposedly launched against Jerry in a "mean spirited" attack. It's not an attack when it's simply the truth, Jonathan Falwell. Falwell claimed he simply "misspoke" for 35 seconds because he was tired.
And on the topic of Jerry Falwell, we can't forget how he blamed the terrorist attacks on
3 his political opponents: gays, lesbians, the ACLU, the People for the American Way, and the general secularizing of America. What's better is one of our readers (who is now one of our writers!) predicted it 2 days beforehand. Reports of his comments were hard to believe, but we found them and placed the audio online for all to hear. The ironic thing is that it turned out that religious extremism (fundamentalism, if you will) had a lot more to do with the attack on the US than the existence of gays and lesbians. Not to be clichi, but it turns out the only difference between Falwell's regime and Osama bin Laden's is weaponry.
Things got a little scary toward the end of the year. OK, they actually got absolutely 2 terrifying. Our buddy John Ashcroft went on the record saying those who oppose his efforts to destroy civil liberties in this country might as well be terrorists. Ok, so those weren't his words exactly, but he did say "To those who pit Americans against immigrants, citizens against non-citizens, to those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: Your tactics only aid terrorists for they erode our national unity and diminish our resolve. They give ammunition to America's enemies and pause to America's friends. They encourage people of good will to remain silent in the face of evil." Close enough. Opposing his agenda, you see, is like giving aid and comfort to terrorists. He didn't say it like that because of the obvious implication that he was accusing dissenters of treason. It was so scary that we drew a parallel between Ashcroft and McCarthy, as this sounded a lot like McCarthyism revisited to us.
By far the largest scoring article of 2001 was Alcatel Fucks Up Bigtime. This was a
1 critical article for morons.org because it was one of the first pieces of original investigative journalism we were able to do, and because of the huge amount of attention it drew. Alcatel had come under fire for a nasty security vulnerability with its DSL modems when it announced it had no intention of releasing a patch and merely suggested users run firewalls (which wouldn't have helped anyway). We got a tip that in Alcatel's press release they had used a Microsoft Word feature that stores a document's revision history. It was relatively easy to view that revision history, and some of the comments it contained were terribly interesting. Comments like "Why don't we provide this level of security to all of our customers? Why don't we switch on firewalls by default for all of our customers?" Oops.
So there you have it. The year in stupidity compressed into 10 paragraphs. If the world continues to deteriorate into absolute brainlessness at the present rate, I think I'll just stay inside and hide next year.---Nick

@_date: 2002-01-06 20:50:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Insurance news 
Atlantic Coast Life Insurance Co. and Liberty Life Insurance Co. have been ordered by A South Carolina insurance department director Ernst Csiszar to pay out a combined $3.1 million to black policy holders that had been charged higher premiums than white policy holders for decades.
Some company officials claimed they were using "lifestyle" as justification for the higher premiums, but Csiszar said it was obvious upon investigation that it was a simple black/white issue.
$100b threat to economy
By CHRIS TINKLER and TONY RINDFLEISCH
A $100 billion insurance crisis is threatening to sabotage Australia's economy.
Runaway premiums and unprecedented court decisions have undermined businesses, cost jobs and forced doctors out of specialist roles.
They are also killing off sports events and community activities.
The total cost of all classes of insurance premiums is estimated to have jumped from about $25 billion last year to as much as $30 billion this year.
And the bushfire crisis is expected to add several billion dollars to that Insurers are also increasingly refusing to take on certain groups or events considered too high a risk.
That means the real cost of the insurance woes may run into hundreds of billions of dollars as jobs, businesses and community events are lost.
Those seeking insurance for public and product liability or professional indemnity are being worst hit, with premiums increasing by up to 1000 per cent.
Insurers blame record compensation payouts and growing claims in an increasingly litigious society, saying that until last year they had maintained unsustainably low premiums.
The September 11 terrorism attacks, the collapse of insurance giant HIH -- responsible for up to 40 per cent of the public liability market -- and the costly Ansett and Avonwood Homes debacles are also cited.
Calls for an overhaul of the system from several peak bodies, with some pushing for caps on payouts, come as:
MEDICAL insurance premiums for families are set to rise.
THE WORLD'S biggest ski race, the Southern 80, on the Murray River, this week collapsed under the unsustainable insurance burden.
BUSHFIRE  payouts are expected to top $70 million, with insurers having already received thousands of claims.
SEPTEMBER 11 payouts are predicted to be up to $140 billion.
TERRORISM cover will be written out of insurance policies from this month in the aftermath of the attacks on the US.
A RECORD negligence payout of almost $17 million to a woman paralysed after her car skidded off a gravel road has raised the bar for individual claims.
THE MEDICAL profession is reeling from increasing payouts, including $14 million in November to cerebral palsy sufferer Calandre Simpson for a botched forceps delivery.
SPECIALISTS such as brain surgeons, obstetricians and gynaecologists are quitting because indemnity premiums are rising to as much as $250,000 a year.
PUBLIC and product liability claims jumped from 55,000 in 1998 to 88,000 two years later.
GRASS ROOTS football administrators warn that the game could be severely undermined by rising premiums, with several clubs folding and more to follow.
HUNDREDS of other sports groups and events, carols services, Christmas street festivals and parades, including key events in Warburton and Mont Albert, have been cancelled due to unaffordable public liability premiums.
VICTORIA'S tourism industry council says soaring public liability premiums during the past six months -- up by as much as 600 per cent -- and increasing flight costs have further destabilised the stricken industry.
PREMIUMS for home and car insurance are expected to rise by an average of $30.
The Prime Minister, John Howard, has announced a special summit to look at the professional indemnity issue which has sent shock waves through the medical professional.
Capping payouts will be one controversial option examined, Federal Assistant Treasurer Senator Helen Coonan said.
A range of stakeholders, including the legal, insurance and tourism industries and sports and community groups, have also called for a national forum to investigate public and product liability.
A State Government spokesman said the Federal Government had been asked to convene a forum of all states to tackle public liability problems.
Noel Pettersen, National Insurance Brokers Association chief, said unless there was action to halt premium increases and lack of cover, Australia would be in an insurance crisis within a year with economic damage mounting to more than $100 billion.
Alan Mason, executive director of the Insurance Council of Australia, said unprecedented events such as the collapse of HIH and the September 11 attacks had rewritten the industry textbook.
Mr Mason said that for every $100 raised in premiums, $162 was being paid in claims in some sectors.
Law Council of Australia president Tony Abbott said he did not believe claims had risen much in recent years and that premium increases were due to fewer insurers.
The Australian Compe tition and Consumer Commission has been investigating premium increases and is due to report to the Federal Government next month.

@_date: 2002-01-07 02:03:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: JLocke foundation greenhouse skeptics 
1996 sponsor-RJ Reynolds. Also from 96.Pope tim may issues papal bull and excommunication of 2 list contributors.

@_date: 2002-01-07 14:54:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Orange Crush 
>>TCDD or, 2-3-7-8-tetrachlorodibenzo-P-dioxin (C12,H4,Cl4,O2), is a
CONTAMINATE artifact of the heat exchangers used in the reaction process
not a constituent as so often stated.<<
Thanks for that,the story about the west au batch is that fire/heat damaged a primary constituent during its manufacture in Singapore.The CATO institute is believed to be writing a new press release on how Toxic waste is good for you.One of the reasons I dump my recycled raw material here is to get free input such as yours,Its viewers like you that keep me going,Thank you.
Last year 75,000 gallons of Round Up sprayed on Columbia leading to more clearing of tropical rainforest.Genocide AND suicide.(fact or factoid?)

@_date: 2002-01-07 14:59:03
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Future Gnu's 
>>To make a long story short Bill, what I *meant* was *exactly* what I said, no
more, and no less: "Can't we just kick him: period?".  The suggestion was to
implant a foot in his ass - literally. --
J.A. Terranson
sysadmin at mfn.org
Come and get some chump.

@_date: 2002-01-07 15:35:44
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
>>You mean like your foaming-at-the-mouth denunciations of Declan and
I dont know about others but the Declan thing just blew up,jya was right on declan.As for foaming check out how easily insulted declan and Tim are by extremely mild ribbing by seth.The regular froth on mass murder is background.
 >>By the way, calling CJ Parker a "genius" is the strangest thing I've
read in a long while.<<
Stranger than Tim's plan for a 'sweet spot' crypto application for the russian mafia,then his declaration of a 5 year 'crypto winter',then gotterdammerung predicted for dec 15.Then ducking the anarchy debate.Strange days Indeed.
  >>He fits the pattern we're now seeing with mattd,
The pattern where father Tim calls us all "folks",dropping his creepy fascist mannerism's for a minute is funny.
 >>and that we saw in the past with Detweiler and Vulis. And that we often
see with your own posts, John. Namely, a mix of schizophrenia, dyslexia,
paranoia, and Tourette's Syndrome.<<
Left out Aspergers,accumulation of errors,possible early sign of senility.I wouldn't bring up paranoid if I were you Timmy.
 >> Some are more dyslexic than others,
and it's likely that with some the word juxtapositions and malapropisms
are completely intentional.<<
This from a lamenter of lost irony,have you considered stand up comedy?
 >>I used to thing folks were trying to emulate Detweiler, then Toto. Now
I'm thinking there's some common miswiring in the brains of these folks. --Tim May<<
No miswiring in my neo-nazi take on crypto-anarchy.TM ; Curt saxon of  >>"That government is best which governs not at all." --Henry David Thoreau<<
Still in Cali Tim? Not moving to Montana soon?

@_date: 2002-01-07 15:59:45
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Faustine the psychopath 
Justine,for an example of criminal psycho behavior look no further than the theft and subsequent use of PROMIS software by the Govt you come here spewing the benefits and wisdom of.(especially in Guatemala and South Africa)
"This type of buggery must surely wipe out the fascist United States as surely as it wiped out the fascist Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. The views expressed here are mine, and NOT those of my employers, associates, or others. Besides, if it *were* the opinion of all of those people, I doubt there would be a problem to bitch about in the first place...

@_date: 2002-01-07 18:28:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Two Reviews: TV Spy Shows and "A Beautiful Mind" 
>>A recent episode used "anonymous remailers" as a plot device, with spies
using them to communicate.<<
Memo to jya.Couple of years to APster,tops.
 >>This show has been remarkably prescient (though not to folks like us)
about public events. Episodes already in the can before 911 dealt with
the Al Quaida terrorists, anthrax, and suitcase nukes. Some were deemed
so close to real world events that they were delayed, sometimes more
than once.<<
Tims delay on commenting on the FBI anthrax investigation freeze; Senility or treachery or BOTH!?
 >> The only exciting scenes
were of a woman killing someone on a jet and then rigging explosives to
detonate the escape door (she had a chute).<<
Sandline,the UK mercenary outfit have a couple of Boeings,presumably for sale/hire.Mundane reality.Anarcho-capitalist army of the future?
 >> Less related to spy themes, "UC: Undercover." A good series about an FBI
undercover infiltration team.<<
They spy on the Soprano's pretty good.Directly related to spy themes anyone with a normal mind on this list might notice,Tims slipping.
 >>Now, on to "A Beautiful Mind." I'll try to forget Bob Hettinga's
gratuitous, but oh-so-typical, negative comparison of me to the John
Nash character.<<
Nash had some nasty *nazi* strands.Not like our Timmy.Oh no,never.Stop it!
 >>There are several themes in this movie of interest to (some) Cypherpunks
list subscribers: 1. Nash's role in game theory. Especially the theory of Nash equilibria,
which relates closely to Schelling points, which relates closely to
notions of where "rights" come from.<<
That relates to Tims fascination with technical sounding obscurantist,dehumanizing jargon.Tim has a right to enjoy scientologist style crap.
 >>2. Codes and code-breaking. This is somewhat fanciful, for reasons which
become clear a bit later in the movie. <<
Language as communication not code is something Tim disapproves of.
 >>3. Paranoia and schizophrenia. Nash would have done well on the
Cypherpunks list, had it existed back in the 1950s.<<
Not Tims list.See archive for Pope Tim's excommunication of jim bell,early 96.plus many more recent papal Bulls.
 >>(edit)...However, anybody who doesn't know the basics of
game theory--payoff matrices, games of chicken, prisoner's dilemma,
etc.--is not likely to understand the "who gets the blonde" very brief
scene. Too bad, as the game theory part is what was most interesting to
You lost a game of chicken with me last week and dont seem understand prisoners dilemma,also you keep going on about digital swiss banks.Are you  >>(* Nash Equilibria. Imagine India and Pakistan both competing for the
ultimate prize, Kashmir. Nash showed that the "best is the enemy of the
good" by showing that a good-enough equilibrium exists when, say, both
nations accept less than their first choice. The movie portrays this as
a bunch of guys competing for a gorgeous blonde, but winning by
accepting the lesser women around the blonde. As with many things in
game theory, it works better in theory in practice.<<
Anarcho-capitalism anyone?
  >>In practice,
_someone_ competes for the blonde and gets her, something the abstract
model skips. But the notion of Nash equilibria is important because it
leads directly to Schelling points, an extension of the idea. The
borders between India and Pakistan are largely a series of Nash
equilibrium points. Borders are "arrived at without explicit
negotiation" for information-theoretic reasons.)<<
I think we might be safer in jim bells anarchy.
 >>The film is worth seeing for several reasons. Russell Crowe does a fine
acting job.<<
You might enjoy "The sum of us" then Timmy.
 >> The theme is interesting. Members of this list will likely
find several points of resonance, though nothing explicity about
politics in the film.<<
Not much politics on this list since we found that "yes,we have no  >>I'm concerned, though, about elevating John Nash to superhero cult
status. His "great idea" was interesting (more than anything I have
done, of course),<<
False modesty,Tim,You are shitloads more interesting.(or were once.)
 >>but was done when he was very young and can almost be
seen as a pretty obvious extension of minimax and Von
Neumann/Morgenstern payoff matrices..<<
The Hungarians are the real trailblazers,Whit Diffie should have his own movie.Tim still loves his jargon.
 >> We all know that people don't
compete mindlessly for the "best," that they routinely accept
second-best. This is part of the cost-benefit calculus of life. Nash did
more than just hand-wave about this, of course...his sets of curves have
mathematical rigor. So he deserves a role in the pantheon of game
theorists, but we shouldn't let his nuttiness give him more credit than
he would be due if he had just evolved into a Rand Corp. talking head as
so many of them did.<<
Admiring johns curves,carefull Tim,you'll out yourself.Shouldn't let your fascist nuttiness give you more credit than as a Cypherpunk windsock.Any thoughts on the stupidity of peter Trei? RSA for hiring him? Say something definite for once.
 >>A fellow nutcase in Princeton (*) during the same period was Kurt Godel
(umlaut over the single "o"). His achievement was the greater one, and
he remained a member of the IAS until his death.  His story would be
just as interesting, though maybe not as sympathetic as Nash's.<<
Whats his diagnosis oh Shrinkus Maximus?
 >>All in all, recommended. I thought the film started briskly but then
slowed to a crawl in the third reel. It picked up again in the final
Probably how the cypherpunk movie will go.Who to play you Tim? Ronnie Cox or ned beatty? Thanks for the free reviews
 >>--Tim May
"The State is the great fiction by which everyone seeks to live at the
expense of everyone else." --Frederic Bastiat<<
Moving to Montana soon?

@_date: 2002-01-07 18:41:03
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
>>. A joke beats a wise statement any day of the week for
content, style and performance. <<
Great post JYA!
 >>>WHY DID THE CHICKEN CROSS THE ROAD? >>> >>> >>> From the Human Resources/Training Perspective: >>> The chicken had a vision. The chicken was proficient in the core >>> competencies necessary to implement the plan and make the vision >>> reality. >>> >>> Pat Buchanan: >>> To steal a job from a decent, hard-working American. >>> >>> Machiavelli: >>> The point is that the chicken crossed the road. Who cares why? The >>> ends of crossing the road justify whatever motive there was. >>> >>> Thomas de Torquemada: >>> Give me ten minutes with the chicken and I'll find out. >>> >>> Timothy Leary: >>> Because that's the only kind of trip the Establishment would let >>> it take. >>> >>> Carl Jung: >>> The confluence of events in the cultural gestalt necessitated that >>> individual chickens cross roads at this historical juncture, and, >>> therefore, synchronicitously brought such occurrences into being. >>> >>> John Locke: >>> Because he was exercising his natural right to liberty. >>> >>> Albert Camus: >>> It doesn't matter; the chicken's actions have no meaning except to >>> him. >>> >>> Fox Mulder: >>> It was a government conspiracy. >>> >>> Darwin: >>> Chickens, over great periods of time, have been naturally selected >>> in such a way that they are now genetically dispositioned to cross >>> roads. >>> >>> Darwin  >>> It was the logical next step after coming down from the trees. >>> >>> Richard M. Nixon: >>> The chicken did not cross the road. I repeat, the chicken did not >>> cross the road. >>> >>> Oliver Stone: >>> The question is not "Why did the chicken cross the road?" but is >>> rather "Who was crossing the road at the same time whom we >>> overlooked in our haste to observe the chicken crossing?" >>> >>> Jerry Seinfeld: >>> Why does anyone cross a road? I mean, why doesn't anyone ever >>> think to ask, "What the heck was this chicken doing walking around >>> all over the place anyway?" >>> >>> The Pope: >>> That is only for God to know. >>> >>> Louis Farrakhan: >>> The road, you will see, represents the black man. The chicken >>> crossed the "black man" in order to trample him and keep him down. >>> >>> Martin Luther King, Jr.: >>> I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads >>> without having their motives called into question. >>> >>> Immanuel Kant: >>> The chicken, being an autonomous being, chose to cross the road of >>> his own free will. >>> >>> Grandpa: >>> In my day, we didn't ask why the chicken crossed the road. Someone >>> told us that the chicken had crossed the road, and that was good >>> enough for us. >>> >>> Dirk Gently (Holistic Detective): >>> I'm not exactly sure why, but right now I've got a horse in my >>> bathroom. >>> >>> Bill Gates: >>> I have just released the new Chicken 2000, which will both cross >>> roads AND balance your checkbook, though when it divides 3 by 2 it >>> gets 1.4999999999. >>> >>> M.C.Escher: >>> That depends on which plane of reality the chicken was on at the >>>time. >>> >>> George Orwell: >>> Because the government had fooled him into thinking that he was >>> crossing the road of his own free will, when he was really only >>> serving their interests. >>> >>> Plato: >>> For the greater good. >>> >>> Aristotle: >>> To actualize its potential. >>> >>> Karl Marx: >>> It was a historical inevitability. >>> >>> Nietzsche: >>> Because if you gaze too long across the Road, the Road gazes also >>> across you. >>> >>> B.F. Skinner: >>> Because the external influences, which had pervaded its sensorium >>> from birth, had caused it to develop in such a fashion that it >>> would tend to cross roads, even while believing these actions to >>> be of its own freewill. >>> >>> Jean-Paul Sartre: >>> In order to act in good faith and be true to itself, the chicken >>> found it necessary to cross the road. >>> >>> Albert Einstein: >>> Whether the chicken crossed the road or the road crossed the >>> chicken depends upon your frame of reference. >>> >>> Pyrrho the Skeptic: >>> What road? >>> >>> The Sphinx: >>> You tell me. >>> >>> Buddha: >>> If you ask this question, you deny your own chicken nature. >>> >>> Emily Dickenson: >>> Because it could not stop for death. >>> >>> Ralph Waldo Emerson: >>> It didn't cross the road; it transcended it. >>> >>> Ernest Hemingway: >>> To die. In the rain. >>> >>> Saddam Hussein: >>> This was an unprovoked act of rebellion and we were quite >>> justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it. >>> >>> Saddam Hussein  >>> It is the Mother of all Chickens. >>> >>> Joseph Stalin: >>> I don't care. Catch it. I need its eggs to make my omelette. >>> >>> Dr. Seuss: >>> Did the chicken cross the road? >>> Did he cross it with a toad? >>> Yes the chicken crossed the road, >>> but why it crossed it, I've not been told! >>> >>> Colonel Sanders: >>> I missed one?

@_date: 2002-01-08 00:03:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hoodoo Guru at large and armed.Gypsys,tramps and tea 
A - I N F O S  N E W S  S E R V I C E (longish post)
               ________________________________________________  We are a nation founded by fugitives. The secret history of America is one
of wild flight in search of sanctuary. Our ancestors were running away. The
real explorers of the Great Frontier didn't march west, they slipped away
into the forests and swamps, leaving behind the King's Law and busted
chains. Runaway slaves, fugitive indentured servants, retreating natives,
they disappeared into the mists beyond the edge of "civilized" culture to
make their own way and avoid the whip. These fugitive colonies existed from
the beginning of European settlement. In the 17th century, the first
settlers described the "tawny halfbreeds" they encountered, who strangely
preferred the freedom of the wilderness to the safety and comfort of
Jamestown.   Over 200 tri-racial isolate communities exist, or have existed, in the
USA. These communities are not recent manifestations. They were here from
the start. The people called Melungeons, (of eastern Tennessee, North
Carolina, West Virginia and Kentucky,) were encountered by European
explorers of the Appalachians in 1654. They were described as dark-skinned,
but with European features. They lived in log cabins and practiced
Christianity and even spoke English, being able to communicate to the
explorers that they were "Portyghee". The origins of the Melungeon people
has become controversial, at least among Melungeons. The anthropologically
accepted theory is that early Spanish settlers, explorers or castaways
inter-married with Native Americans. Yet the French explorers mentioned
above noted that the Melungeons they encountered spoke English (but called
themselves Portuguese). This could indicate the amazing diversity of the
fugitive communities, or maybe the necessity of trading with the English
settlements on the coast. In the post-civil war period anybody in the
Melungeon area who was dark-skinned yet not obviously African American was
called a Melungeon, including dark-skinned Mediterranean people and south
Asians. Genetic researchers using the Mean Measure of Divergence (MMD) have
concluded that Melungeons are most closely related to Libyans (0.017) and
most distantly related to the Seminoles of Florida (0.308).1 The closest
match with a European people (0.022) is Italian, followed by Portuguese
(0.024). It's known that Francis Drake stopped at Roanoke for some months on
his way back from raiding Spanish colonies in the Caribbean. He had several
hundred Muslim seamen with him who had been freed from the Spanish and were
being returned to Morocco and the Ottoman Empire. These would include
Berbers and Arabs from Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia, as well as Greeks,
Armenians, Albanians, Bosnians and Turks from Anatolia and the Balkans. They
stayed several months in Virginia, and it's more than possible that they
would have left progeny among the local Native American population. Some of
them may have stayed and actually joined the Indians.  The Delaware Moors are a mixed race people living in Kent and Sussex
Counties, Delaware and southern New Jersey. How they came to be there is
open to conjecture. Community legend tends toward three possibilities. In
the first, an 18th century Spanish pirate ship with a Moorish crew is
wrecked on the Delaware coast. The survivors are taken in by the local
Nanticoke Indians and eventually marry Indian women. In the second, when the
English abandon Tangier in the late 17th century, the English garrison is
given land in the Americas (Delaware). When they come they bring their
Moorish wives with them. (There is an island in Chesapeake Bay called
Tangier Island, and no one seems to know how it was named.) The third legend
is of the truly romantic variety. This involves a beautiful woman and a
dark-skinned slave. The woman was wealthy and either Spanish or Irish. She
purchased a male slave who turned out to be a Moorish prince. They fell in
love and had mixed-race children. Being ostracized by the white community,
they moved inland and joined the Indians. Another version of this has the
wealthy woman purchasing a number of Moorish slaves who ran away and joined
the Indians.  Piracy was well-known along the Delaware coast from the 17th to mid-18th
century, with several recorded instances of Spanish and French pirates
way-laying ships in Delaware Bay. The English did occupy Tangier briefly,
and then abandoned the city in 1684. The early colonial period had many
instances where women and men of mixed race were forced to make their own
way in the wild, and the fact of slaves running away and joining the Indians
is also well recorded. Whichever, if any, of the legends is true, the fact
remains that the Delaware Moors are most likely a mixture of the Native
American tribes that occupied the Delmarva region (Nanticokes and Lenni
Lenape), European whites and Africans. The Moors perhaps best illustrate the
singular status that tri-racial groups occupy in America. Being barred from
attending the white schools of Kent and Sussex counties, and refusing to
attend the African American schools of the area, the Moors created their own
schools. The Moors, like most other tri-racial groups, did not consider
themselves part of either the white or African American communities.
Although Indians, whites and blacks could marry into the group, once they
did so they became part of the tri-racial community.  The Red Bones, Brass Ankles, Turks and Lumbees of South Carolina combine
the mixture of Native American, African American and European (or Asian)
peoples. Fugitive slaves and runaway indentured servants joined with the
remnants of Native American tribes ravaged by alien diseases. The death rate
for some Native communities was 100%. It soon became clear that children of
mixed parents (white/native, black/native) had a much better chance of
surviving European and African diseases. In this way, Native Americans of
the east were genetically absorbed into the emerging tri-racial groups, as
their own distinct tribes were destroyed.  That fugitives would band together for survival isn't unusual. The runaways
and refugees would have a common enemy, the colonial governments of the
coast and the slave masters of the plantations. The plantation fields of the
early colonial period also incorporated a wide diversity of forced labor.
There would have been Native Americans of the coastal tribes, kidnapped
Africans, Gypsies (who were transported to the new world by all the colonial
powers), and British and Irish prisoners working out their sentences.2 It's
not hard to imagine that all the individuals interested in escaping would
have been drawn to the Native Americans, who knew the land and had contacts
in the wild.  Getting beyond the reach of dominant social authority was of importance, since that authority prescribed extinction for racially mixed
people. The "Free Land" of the Melungeons was a strip of disputed territory
between the colonies of North Carolina and Virginia. Being a "neutral zone",
claimed by both colonies but administered by neither, it naturally attracted
people who were less than fond of government supervision, including mixed
race peoples and the many fugitives that would add to that mixture.  The cedar swamps and pine barrens of Delaware and New Jersey were also
noted refuges for runaways. Pennsylvania ads for runaway slaves in the 18th
century specifically mention the cedar swamps of Delaware as a runaway
destination. It's in these very areas that current mixed race communities
now exist.  The Redbones of Louisiana originated from the mixed-race Red Bone people of
South Carolina, arriving in Louisiana in the late 18th century. They
gravitated to the area of Louisiana called the "Neutral Strip", a 5000
square mile expanse of land between the Calcasieau and Sabine rivers claimed
by both Spain and the United States, but administered by neither. The United
States sent troops into the Neutral Strip on several occasions, as pirates
made their bases there (including John Murel and Jean Lafitte), but the
Neutral Strip was a wilderness of swamps and canebrakes, and many who went
in uninvited never came out again. The flight of runaway slaves to the
safety of the Neutral Strip was such that John Murel, a "land pirate"
(marauder) planned to organize a slave revolt, based on a fugitive army,
that would have placed him at the head of an autonomous fugitive republic.
Even after the border dispute was settled in 1819, the now former Neutral
Strip remained a place that the authority of the state was reluctant to
invade.  Lucy Parsons was (probably) born in Waco, Texas in 1853. Very little of her
early history is known. Physically she resembled many of the Redbone people
that inhabited southern Louisiana and eastern Texas. Like many Redbone
people she vigorously denied being an African American, claiming instead to
be of mixed Native American and Mexican ancestry. Scholars have just as
vigorously given her an African American background ("It's possible she was
a slave" says Carolyn Ashbaugh), even though there is no documented reason
to believe this. It's possible that her Mexican ancestry could have been of
the Yanga people, the "black Mexicans". These people were descendants of
rebel slaves that established a community in Veracruz on the Gulf Coast in
1609. The African element of Mexican society has long been ignored in favor
of indigenous and European cultural contributions. In 1609 the ratio of
Africans to Europeans in Mexico City was over 10 to 1. The only obvious fact
is that Lucy Parsons was of mixed race. Given the time period and her
geographic location, it's as likely that she was of Redbone origin as
anything else, which would have given her Native American, African and
probably Mexican and European ancestry as well.  The Great Dismal Swamp of Virginia and North Carolina was the site of an
extensive fugitive community from at least the early 18th century. It
functioned as an autonomous region, immune to outside interference because
of the twisting trails and waterways of the swamp. Trade, in the form of
shingles cut from swamp Cyprus, was even conducted with outside communities.
Its status as a refuge for fugitives led such a prominent figure as George
Washington to recommend its draining and conversion to farmland. Washington
and a number of other Virginia planters paid $20,000 for 40,000 acres of the
Great Dismal. This happened in 1763, the same year as the Slave Revolt in
the South American Dutch colony of Berbice (Guyana). I think its more than a
coincidence that Washington and other slave owners should decide to
eliminate the Great Dismal Swamp, a noted haven for runaway slaves, in the
same year as the largest slave revolt in the Americas to that date. This was
also the year after the suppression of a slave revolt in the Crown Colony of
Bermuda. Being at the time in excess of 2000 square miles, draining the
swamp was beyond their 18th century capabilities, though they did succeed in
cutting down a lot of trees, and did oversee a number of "wild fires" that
burned big sections of swamp. Washington eventually turned over his share in
the "Adventurers for Draining the Dismal Swamp" to Harry Lee, Robert E. Lee'
s father.  In the years prior to the Civil War the fugitive community of the Great
Dismal Swamp became a major stop on the underground railway. Harriet Beecher
Stowe's novel Dred: A Story of the Great Dismal Swamp, told of runaway
slaves hiding in the depths of the swamp, yet never mentions the permanent
fugitive community that existed there, perhaps because she was unaware of
it, or perhaps because she didn't want to tip their hand. No doubt many of
the runaway slaves decided to remain in the swamp. During the war, the Great
Dismal Swamp was an area which confederate forces stayed clear of.  The swamps of Florida gave refuge to thousands of runaways in the years of
Spanish rule. In 1738 the Spanish offered freedom to any slave who fled the
English colonies and came to St. Augustine. This wasn't out of any
anti-slavery sentiment on the part of Spain. They disputed English ownership
of Georgia and South Carolina. Inciting slaves to run away was an effective
way of disrupting those colonies. The British copied this tactic during the
War of Independence (Dunmore's Proclamation), with the same success. Once in
Florida the fugitives encountered the refugee remnants of the southeastern
Indian tribes who had also fled to the Florida swamps. They also found
fugitive communities that had been there since the 17th century. The
fugitive communities they established in the Florida swamps became the
strongest in the country. Runaway slaves fled to these strongholds
throughout the colonial period up to 1819, when the United States took
Florida from Spain.  By the late 19th and early 20th centuries the isolated communities, those that survived the Civil War and Reconstruction, had
leaked their cultural milange into the society of the south. Hoodoo, the
American folk magic tradition, is an amalgam of Native American, African
American and European American folk remedies and magic. For much of the 19th
and the first decades of the 20th centuries it was the primary folk
tradition of both southern African Americans and poor whites. The ubiquitous
swamp witch, root doctor and hoodoo man, doling out love potions, mojo bags
and lucky money incense was a product of the secret, fugitive America. A
regular icon in Hoodoo (and later in the Spiritualist Movement) was the
trusted "Indian Spirit Guide" who led the initiate through the perils of the
spirit world. Is it too much of a stretch to see this as a legacy of the
early escapes from the first plantations, where trusted Native American
fellow fugitives led the way through the perils of the wilderness?  The existence of an influential mixed-race culture was more than worrisome
to the racial purists of the early 20th century. The development of
"scientific racism", eugenics, gave racists a tool to strike at the fugitive
communities. A by-product of the American Breeders Association, and largely
shunned by geneticists as "vulgar", the Eugenics movement sought to "improve
the herd" of humanity by encouraging the most fit to reproduce in abundance,
and by eliminating the least fit from the national gene pool. "Defectives"
were to be kept from breeding either by forced institutionalization or
sterilization. The main targets of the Eugenics movement were immigrants,
minorities and people of mixed race. The term "tri-racial isolate" was first
used by eugenicists to label the various pockets of mixed-race peoples.
Viewed as genetically flawed and unfit because of miscegenation, the
isolated fugitive communities became a special concern of eugenicists. Their
poverty and lack of formal education was viewed as a result of
  "mis-breeding" rather than the social antagonism of racial purists, which
had caused their isolation. Their defective germ plasm would be cured by
sterilization and forced assimilation into the African American communities.
The Ben Ishmael Tribe (a mixed-race Islamic community in the lower Midwest),
the Melungeons, Redbones, Delaware Moors, Lumbees, Brass Ankles, all were
faced with the choice of melting into the African American or European
American communities. Not surprisingly those that could "pass" for white did
so. Those that could not became "mulattos". In various locations across the
south and east entire communities were given this choice. Names were
changed, history was suppressed, culture was subdued. Those that could not
bear this atrocity sought even further isolation. Losing their communities
they became hermit families of the back country and swamps. In any case,
they were cleansed from the popular reality. The Eugenics movement peaked in
the mid-1920s, a period that also saw Ku Klux Klan politicians win control
of state governments in Oregon, Texas and Indiana. Virginia created its
Racial Integrity Law (1924), which defined racial categories and was based
primarily on Eugenics. Alabama and Georgia eventually copied the Virginia
law. Twenty-eight States already had laws against whites and Negroes
marrying. Six included this prohibition in their constitutions.  Hoodoo became an almost entirely African American folk system by World War
Two. Only in the most rural and remote areas of the south was it still
practiced as a mixed-race folk tradition. Current African American racial
purists claim Hoodoo as a purely African American construct, despite all
evidence to the contrary. As the white racial purists were determined to
classify all mixed-race peoples as Negro based on the "one drop" rule,
African American racial purists seem determined to deny the evidence of
cultural exchange and amalgamation that was a feature of our secret history
from day one, when the first European ship wrecked against these shores.  The importance of group identification became critical with the Indian
Reorganization Act of 1934. Part of the New Deal program, it restored large
tracts of land to various tribes and began the process of making good on
unpaid monetary claims. Ironically, it suddenly became financially lucrative
to be a Native American. The fact that these allotments were based on tribal
affiliation was not lost on Indian activists of the time. The first decades
of the 20th century had seen the rise of a powerful pan-Indian movement
centered around the Native American Church and the "peyote cult". Already
declining in the wake of internal disputes, the focus on tribalism of the
Indian Reorganization Act dealt it a deadly blow. It would not resurface
again until the rise of the American Indian Movement in the 1960s. The
scramble for identity among the surviving mixed-race descendants, as well as
the hunger for government payments, has caused many groups to deny (or
minimize) their African American ancestry, while overstating that of their
Native American, especially in seeking tribal status and allotments. Among
the Melungeons a trend to focus on the possible Mediterranean origins of
their people, and a minimization of their mixed-race origins and status, has
led to an all but complete denial of African American roots.  How does it help us to know that before the French and Indian War people of
different races were banding together in the face of repression? For one
thing it gives us a different perspective on American history, which never
hurts. It would be incredible if we could use their brave example as a guide
to future action. That's the true positive result from looking at this
secret history: the example set by the fugitives in surviving the demand to
assimilate. They made a life for themselves outside the reach of Power. They
created an inclusive culture which survives at least somewhat in American
popular music, and which bubbles eternally in our dreams, just beyond the
frontier in the wilderness of our imaginations. Notes: 1. MMD system: 0.000 would identical, 9.999 would be furthest possible
difference. 2. "You can't discount the notion that black and white servants and slaves
were going to unite over their common oppression. We have evidence of them
running away together. We have evidence of them rising against their masters
together. They lived together. They slept together. So yes, there was a
possibility of a lower class surge against the elites. So that's a very
important consideration for the Virginians, in terms of wanting to create
one kind of labor force."
-Margaret Washington, Associate Professor of History, Cornell University
  "There are many ways that human beings divide themselves up. Class is one,
[and] gender, race, ethnicity. There's a number of ways that people divide
themselves up. And in early Virginia, race was a category that people
recognized. Black people recognized difference, and sometimes, I would even
argue, celebrated difference. But in this highly competitive, depressingly
abusive world, poorer whites and poorer blacks-people who were marginalized
in this system of dependent labor-oftentimes reached out to each other in
ways that suggest that, at least in the first 50 or 60 years of
Virginia...people of African background and English background were able to
work together in ways that, again, in later periods of American history,
were impossible."
-Timothy H. Breen, William Smith Mason Professor of American History,
Northwestern University Further Reading: Gone to Croatan
Edited by Ron Sakolsky and James Koehnline
Autonomedia, 1993. Maroon Societies: Rebel Slave Communities in the Americas
Edited by Richard Price
Johns Hopkins University Press, 1996 (3rd edition). Anarchy: A Journal of Desire Armed
C.A.L. Press
POB 1446
Columbia, MO 65205-1446
USA Anarchy magazine web site:

@_date: 2002-01-08 00:12:55
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: First we take Manhatten. 
The protests against the World Economic Forum will occur from
January 30th through February 5th, 2002 in New York City. Also,
join others in resisting the winter Olympics in Utah February
8th-24th ( Picking Up Where We Left Off The North American Anti-Capitalist Struggle Must Advance It is now 2002 and it has been many months since the last large
anti-capitalist protest in North America. Our situation was looking
incredible for the late September protests against the World Bank
and International Monetary Fund. We had the many televised
press conferences on C-SPAN, and we were coming back to
D.C. learning from our past mistakes and successes. The
mainstream media was already beginning to pre-hype the
protests (or the potential for "violence" more specifically). As it
got closer they had already decided to shorten the meeting time.
I was helping organize people in the area interested in going (as
were others all across the United States), and it looked like we
were going to have the greatest number of people from this area
to attend a major protest yet. I was gathering my gear, marking
my maps, making my phonecalls and sending emails. It was
going to be unbelievable. (It was in au as well,pre chogm,pr)
Then one day we woke up or were at work or whatever, and our
TV screens were filled with images of collapsing buildings,
thousands died, thousands of others were running in terror, no
one had a clue as to what the hell just happened. For the time it
changed everything. As much as we wanted it not to, it severely
affected the protests. It changed the focus of the protest
(anti-war, anti-racist), the turnout, the tactical choices, the
energy, and the attention we received. On the upside (or not), it
also caused the IMF and World Bank to cancel that meeting. It has been nearly 4 months now since that day and the "war"
has become increasingly futile. That "war," of course, is what has
almost killed (no pun intended) the momentum of the
anti-capitalist protests and overall resistance in the United
States, not to mention thousands of innocent people. That
movement or collection of movements has almost been hijacked
by the liberal and (state) socialist left due to their stronghold over
the anti-war movements. Anti-war protesters are more likely
following the calls to action made by socialist parties or affiliated
groups, or liberal groups, than calls (or lack thereof) made by
anti-authoritarian collectives/groups. The authoritarian left has
long sought to gain control over the anti-(corporate)-globalization
movement and are in a position of greater power to do so when
they use their power from the anti-war movement. This is why it is crucial that we make a presence in New York
City (and subsequent gatherings) and show the so-called
leaders (politicians and activists) that we have not been swept
under the rug or converted to single-issue reformist struggles.
We must show the state that we are not going to run and hide
when it starts to hint at openly engaging in "war" against us. We
must not forget why we are fighting. We must not forget the death
of Carlo Guiliano (remember him? Genoa?) or hundreds and
thousands of others who have needlessly lost their lives resisting
conditions decided upon by the IMF, World Bank, WTO, NAFTA,
and the leaders of the Northern industrial nations. We cannot let
the state nor the authoritarian left (liberal and socialist) decide the
fate of our struggle or how we choose to resist. And do not
mistake this as another call for a "black bloc," but rather it is a call
for anti-authoritarian resistance in all possible manifestations. infoshop-news mailing list
infoshop-news at infoshop.org

@_date: 2002-01-08 00:22:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: CP Movies,"Behold the pale horse." 
Francisco Sabate Llopart (known as El Quico) -- Guerilla Extraordinaire -- Born 30 March 1915 in Barcelona; died 5 January 1960.
Francisco Sabate joined the CNT in 1931. In 1932, following the events of Fijols, he started the action group "Los Novatos" which aligned with the FAI. In 1935, they carried out their first expropriation to provide funds for a prison relief group.
On July 18 & 19, 1936, the fascist uprising in Barcelona was defeated, signalling the beginning of a libertarian revolution.
On August 27, 1936, Sabati & his brother Josi joined a CNT-FAI column which fought on the Aragon front.
With the defeat of the Republican forces, Sabate was interned in France at the camps in Vernet. Once free, Sabate continued fighting in Spain clandestinely, & on August 20, 1945, succeeded in freeing two comrades. His group then began striking against the Franco regime & its supporters, as well as robbing companies & banks to finance the underground movement. On March 2, 1949, they killed two heads of the phalange.
While many of his comrades were arrested or killed over the years Sabati succeeded in slipping through the various police dragnets. But on January 5, 1960, after having slipped across the border with four companions, they were encircled by army & the civil garde, & were shot down. Still, Sabati managed to escape, before succumbing a few hours later to bullet wounds.
Sabate figures in at least two movies:
Behold The Pale Horse, with Gregory Peck as a character very closely based on Sabate, the Spanish anarchist guerilla.
More on the guerilla's guerilla at

@_date: 2002-01-08 04:11:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Seveso near St Louis.Professor Rat "concerned." 
YOUNG MALE RATS ARE 'DEMASCULINIZED'
AND 'FEMINIZED' BY LOW DOSES OF DIOXIN
Three new studies by researchers at University of Wisconsin
reveal that very low doses of dioxin alter the sexual development
of young male rats, causing demasculinization and
feminization. [1,2,3]
Dr. Linda S. Birnbaum, a scientist with U.S. EPA [Environmental
Protection Agency] calls the new studies "highly significant."[4]
Birnbaum is one of the chief scientists conducting the EPA's
formal reassessment of the toxicity of dioxin (see RHWN   As we reported earlier (RHWN  many scientists,
including Birnbaum, now consider dioxin an "environmental
hormone." The new Wisconsin studies support that view.
The Wisconsin researchers, led by Dr. Richard E. Peterson, showed
that dioxin interferes with the sexual development of male rats
exposed to dioxin before, and shortly after, birth. Pregnant
female rats were given a single oral dose of dioxin on the 15th
day of pregnancy; their male offspring showed reduced levels of
male hormones in their blood and a variety of sexual aberrations
that stayed with them as they matured. The young males are
demasculinized and feminized by doses of dioxin too low to cause
any measurable toxicity in the mother rat. The sexual changes in
the young males are both physiological and behavioral, and last
into adulthood.
Dioxin passes through the placenta and enters the fetus, so the
rat fetuses received part of the mother's dose almost
immediately. After birth, the baby rats continued to receive a
small dose of dioxin through their mother's milk. Peterson says
the baby rats received the bulk of their dose through milk. In
rats and humans both, females rid their bodies of dioxin chiefly
by excreting it in their milk. Dioxin is soluble in fats and
oils, and milk is high in fat.
Dioxin is the common name for a family of 75 toxins, the most
potent of which is TCDD [2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-P-dioxin].
The Wisconsin researchers used TCDD in their experiments.
More on this shocking story inc.Terror in times beach at part of

@_date: 2002-01-08 15:16:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Spooky noises and things that go bump in the night 
>>Someone stealing a television or PC has certainly earned killing. This is what strong crypto will make more possible: the deliverance of
strong vengeance, untraceably. (Hint: This preceeded Jimbell by many
"extremely dark markets",and one of the "four horsemen" if memory serves you well as it doesn't appear to.
Hint-Tim hates being superceded.
 >>Fact is, many people have already earned killing. The only
reason we cannot dispose of them is that liberal shits interfere with
We white gun owning right thinking anarcho-crapitalists? You wont live long in crypto-anarchy.
 >>Again, my mileage varies. And since I decide what is important to me,
it's "my house, my rules."<<
Don't let anyone in the way the previous owners did.
 >>I don't mind that  a lot of people are liberal pansies<<
Tim was bitching about his state,(cali) 5 years ago,AT LEAST.He hasn't yet moved to Montana where men are men.
 >>who believe
thieves are not worthy of killing. However, if they help to pass laws
restricting my own choices, then they have earned killing themselves. Certainly nearly every member, with but a handful of exceptions, of
Congress has earned the death penalty many times over. --Tim May<<
APster style? Put up or shut up May,you are a waste of OOO's and 111's.

@_date: 2002-01-08 15:32:23
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Only users lose drugs. 
[WAS: "Please, Br'er Fox, Don't Throw Me In That Liar Patch"]
HGWells - New World Order - Cira(SS) 1940
"One of the more unpleasant aspects of a state of war under modern conditions is the
appearance of a swarm of individuals, too clever by half, in positions of authority. Excited,
conceited, prepared to lie, distort and generally humbug people into states of acquiescence,
resistance, indignation, vindictiveness, doubt and mental confusion, states of mind
supposed to be conductive to a final military victory. These people love to twist and censor
facts. It gives them a feeling of power; if they cannot create they can at least prevent and
conceal. Particularly they poke themselves in between us and the people with whom we
are at war to distort any possible reconciliation. They sit, filled with the wine of their
transitory powers, aloof from the fatigues and dangers of conflict, pulling imaginary strings
in people's minds."
The more the stains on the back of the world's shorts change, the more
they remain the same...
~ButtMonger  [Herb Caen 3Dot-Plagerist &OR& TCM PlonkFile Naturalized Citizen]
"Anarchy! Together, We Can Make It Happen"

@_date: 2002-01-08 22:40:14
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Seveso near St Louis.Professor Rat "concerned." 
>>Not to put too fine a point on it, but why are you posting 10 year old reports. As interesting as this is, follow up reports and studies would be far more useful. Ken.<<
Interpol stole my Dell,I believe they are using it to run a CoinTelPro style operation on cypherpunks.I am posting this from
an internet cafe at "eMails that cross themselves in the night"...when the Ice Weasels cum all over Lance Cotrelll (If that is his *real* misspeled I'd like to thank everybody for all those wonderfully supportive
eMails that they wrote me--and then thought better of it and
deleted them and reformatted their hard drive...3 times...
"Be Flayed...Be *VERY* Flayed"
~Warden Hiritoto, FCI-Three Rivers, Texas

@_date: 2002-01-08 22:52:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Dear Declan  
Do you have an opinion on the last 2 posts by Peter Trei? IE When did you stop beating your wife? (or meat,dog,etc)
Four hundred billionaires now possess wealth equal to that of the 3 billion poorest people on the planet. This capitalist system is inherently violent, oppressive and exploitative. Capitalism cannot be reformed, and that's why we need to abolish it. "Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."

@_date: 2002-01-08 23:03:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peter Trei 
>>I got back to the email universe to find 440 cypherpunks postings from
mattd.  Much as I love Ozzy anarchists I wasn't tempted to read them. Ken<<
Did you see the ones on 20/20? I haven't read them yet.Some Ozzie anarchists think I'm 'right-wing' for championing Jim Bell's APster.When the going gets weird...If you only read one make it the mattblog that ate cypherpunks...Oh and thanks for rubbing Peter traitor's and declan Mc Crapfest's (he's contributing to the security thread's even now!) names in it.We may house train them yet.
We've got to fight them in America, and one of the best ways to combat your enemy is to be alert and be mindful -- be situationally aware.
"We're strong as can be/A dream of power and energy/We go for the goal/Together we hold/On to our vision of global strategy..."

@_date: 2002-01-08 23:21:02
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fear and Trembling 
>>Why "surprisingly"? Every UK administration since 1945 has been
America's poodle in foreign affairs and military matters. <<
Thank fuck for Philby and the rest.Eh!
 >>George III's rule on the American continent lasted longer than George
Washington's did. The present Queen is *still* the head of state of more
of the American continent than the president of the USA is
Fear and Trembling indeed.Join M.A.M. APster a windsor!
 >>Ken Brown (I may be British but I'm not a bloody monarchist - though I
don't mind the royals as much in places like Canada & Australia as I do
here That URL gave me a 404.After 1975 you can tip your butt ends of the aristocracy off the white cliffs of ben Dover.M.A.M.
"Facing an enemy which is being organized to criminalize and eradicate resistance, it's up to the revolutionaries to create permanent conditions of communication, coordination and internationalist solidarity, so as to counter repression and to promote the escalation of the struggle" sorry try

@_date: 2002-01-09 00:01:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware 
>>I think those who violate the C. should be killed. --Tim May<<
Best defence is attack,Laph Goch by the numbers.Look at this for a APster I've raised 2 proffr dollars on this fat jerk already,Please indicate your support for open source Apster.Add 1.
"When cryptography is outlawed only V? PS+++ PE Y+ PGP- t* 5+++ X R* tv b+ DI+ D++ G++>+++ e>++ h-- r++ y+

@_date: 2002-01-09 00:11:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Propaganda or Turkey. 
A - I N F O S  N E W S  S E R V I C E
               ________________________________________________ Dateline: ISTANBUL, Turkey Noam Chomsky, the American linguist and
political dissident, has attacked a court's decision to prosecute
his Turkish publisher over a book that slams Turkey's human rights
record. In a letter to Istanbul-based Aram Publishing, Chomsky expressed
sympathy with the firm's director Fatih Tas, who faces a one-year
jail sentence if convicted on charges of conducting propaganda
against the state. The trial is due to begin in February. The charges are "a very severe attack on the most elementary human
and civil rights," wrote Chomsky, a professor of linguistics at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Aram earlier this year published "American Interventionism," a
collection of Chomsky's essays and lectures translated into
Turkish. The book includes a translation of a lecture Chomsky gave at the
University of Toledo, Ohio in March. In the lecture, Chomsky said
the Turkish government had "launched a major war in the Southeast
against the Kurdish population," and described the conflict as "one
of the most severe human rights atrocities of the 1990s." Chomsky said the lecture was based on material from "the leading
human rights organizations ... the most respected standard
scholarship, and official U.S. government documents." In an indictment issued last week, Istanbul's State Security Court
said these and other passages in the book constituted "propaganda
against the indivisible unity of the nation." No charges have been filed against Chomsky himself. Turkey fought a 15-year war against Kurdish rebels autonomy in the southeast. The conflict has eased since the
Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, announced a unilateral cease-fire
in 1999, but the government rejected the cease-fire and sporadic
fighting continues. About 37,000 people, mostly Kurdish rebels and civilians, have been
killed as a result of the fighting since 1984. Dozens of Turkish writers and intellectuals have been jailed under
strict laws that forbid criticism of the state's conduct of the

@_date: 2002-01-09 00:33:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Orange Crush 
Perth has a heavily contaminated site as well as Derby in west au.The story is ongoing and the water table in perth is said to be affected.The WA agriculture minister is calling for more information on the alleged heat damaged batch believed imported between 69-71 disguised as another chemical.Said to be 200 times worse than the now banned 245T.The EPA has been called A lot of 'hot spots' in the bush are old sheep dips.No comment on Columbian round up? Your taxes at work could killya.

@_date: 2002-01-09 00:47:50
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Injecting shrub with embryonic cells "could restore brain 
EMBRYONIC stem cells injected into the brain corrected the symptoms of Parkinson's disease in rats by transforming into neurons that made dopamine, a key brain chemical.
In a study appearing today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, researchers at Harvard Medical School and McLean Hospital in Belmont, Massachusetts, showed in tests that in rats whose brains had been chemically damaged, embryonic stem would spontaneously convert to correct the Parkinson's symptoms.
Some experts said the study was significant because it showed embryonic stem cells may be used to treat brain disorders, but they cautioned that the cells also possibly could cause tumours.
Dr Ole Isacson, senior author of the study, said that if further experiments were successful, there could be human trials of the technique in about five years.
Federally funded research on human embryonic stem cells is limited because producing such cells requires the death of human embryos.
President George W Bush last northern summer approved some such research, but limited it to cell colonies that already exist - about 60 cell lines.
Many researchers believe that embryonic stem cells hold the promise of creating new organs or cells to replace or renew ailing hearts, livers...There you go mr president!

@_date: 2002-01-09 02:00:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Fort Detrick the US Empires Unit 731 
For forty years the grisly activities of Japan's Unit 731 and sister units, the best kept secret of World War two. The victorious Allies were desperate to secretly
acquire the expertise and know how of the Japanese Biological Warfare research. Fulsome
records of the human experimentation undertaken, were especially sought. Hindered at home
by social repulsion to such activities, human experimentation data was viewed as the jewel
in the crown.
Scientists and medical experts from Fort Detrick, Maryland - the American top secret BW
facility - raced to interview Japanese technicians. Barely one of them stopped to consider
the ethical implications. Having assessed the facts, an intelligence cable coldly informed
the War Department, Washington DC, that the "foregoing information warrants
conclusion that Japanese BW Group, headed by Ishii did violate rules of land
warfare." The message added pragmatically: "this expression of opinion is not a
recommendation that group be charged and tried as such." None of those implicated in
Japanese BW research were brought to trial by the Allies.

@_date: 2002-01-09 17:08:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hells Coppers planning a "Run" 
New crackdown on bikie gangs
By MARK BUTTLER, PAUL ANDERSON and RICK WALLACE
NEW bikie-busting laws will be used by authorities to cripple outlaw motorcycle gangs.
The Victorian and Federal governments want stronger powers to strip the gangs of assets generated through crime as part of a fresh crackdown.
The tough new approach -- which has Victoria Police support -- comes after a Herald Sun investigation that has revealed the extent of violent bikie standover tactics and drug activity in Victoria.
It has shown:
BIKIE gangs have been linked to at least 23 violent deaths or disappearances nationwide in the past four years.
ONE Melbourne gang has used violent threats to compel neighbours to report police activity near their clubhouse.
A GANG "prospect" was ordered to commit murders before he would be admitted.
BOOBY traps to maim or kill raiders, including police, were found at bikie BIKIES now have closer ties with other rogue elements, including Asian organised crime cells and New Zealand's feared Mongrel Mob.
OUTLAW gangs have made millions of dollars by muscling into stolen car rebirthing and counterfeiting.
A VICTORIAN hotelier told of rape and death threats during years of gang The Federal Government, frustrated by years of murder, shootings, bombings and drug production, has outlined to the Herald Sun plans to attack the most notorious of the gangs.
Some are believed to be capitalising on a slump in the heroin market and subsequent rise in demand for amphetamine-based products.
Police sources said almost all of Victoria's amphetamine "cooks" were bikies or had some connection with outlaw clubs.
The gangs believed to be of most concern to police are the Hell's Angels, Bandidos, Rebels, Gypsy Jokers, Outlaws and Coffin Cheaters.
Despite several successful Victoria Police operations in recent years, some officers said there was still a long way to go.
"They do more intelligence on us than we do on them. It's their livelihood," a police source said.
The officer said drug-running bikies were known to travel in tandem with a decoy vehicle. Its role was to commit traffic offences to attract police attention if it appeared the car carrying drugs might be pulled over.
Some leading figures in the gang world were making fortunes, an intelligence source said.
"The heads of the gangs are living like businessmen. They're in suits on planes . . . big money. They're clever organised crime businessman," the source said.
National concern over bikie activity has heightened in recent months with the car bombing murder of West Australia's former top detective, Don Hancock, and his friend Lou Lewis
The Gypsy Jokers, who allegedly blamed Mr Hancock for the sniper murder of member Billy Grierson, are being treated as suspects in the case.
A Victorian policeman said the strongest gangs had access to frightening "They carry powerful guns, these blokes. But they have heaps more stacked away for a rainy day if they decide ever to go to war," he said.
Federal Justice Minister Chris Ellison said some bikie gangs had become wealthy conglomerates with significant investments.
But he outlined a fresh assault on bikie gangs that he will put before Parliament next month.
Among the key measures will be new laws allowing police to seize assets if they are believed to be criminally obtained.
Mr Ellison said the Government would also look at prohibiting clubhouse fortification, a major advantage the bikies have over police mounting raids.
He said some gangs had installed booby traps to maim or kill raiders, including police, at their clubhouses.
Old consorting laws, not used for decades, could also be dusted off to prevent outlaw riders associating with one another, he said.
Mr Ellison said gangs were running outwardly legitimate front businesses as smoke-screens for their lawless activities.
And Victoria's Police Minister Andre Haermeyer said bikie gangs would be among crime groups that could be affected under a state review of asset confiscation legislation.

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:09:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Spooky noises and untracable strong vengeance in the night 
>>Last week in the UK
there was a story about a woman being murdered for her cell phone, of all
things. Who in their right mind would rely on scum criminals to play by the
same middle-class standards of behavior as they normally do? <<
Scum criminals are all lower than middle class? None are ever higher?
 >>So if you don't
know if your robber will take your life for something as absolutely trivial as
your athletic shoes, surely defending yourself by killing them first when
they're trying to steal your PC or TV is warranted.<<
Justine making a Goetz of herself.You go girl.
 >>Mainly it's going to make vengeance easier for people who lack a sufficient
level of commitment to the idea of taking responsibility for going all the way
Cos they dont want to do the time? And why should they if its self defence?
  >>I hate to break this to you, but people hire contract killers every
single day.<<
Join the Army.Be all you can be.Good business is where you find it.
  >>For example, any lard-assed schizophrenic coward parasitically sponging in a foreign country can push a few keys and put a four-dollar bounty on my
head online;<<
Cowards dont publish their name and address and stand behind their words.I am wrong sometimes but am available to be criticized and/or corrected.Id love to get the bounty on that lard assed drugs and arms merchant,Armitage,up to 4$
Being selected for ad hominum's from you and that goon Maurice warms the cockles of my sweet,sweet heart.
 >>but it would take someone of a far hardier breed to get organized
and lay out the $5000 bucks for a halfway decent hit man. (data point from
personal experience: I used to know a woman who dated one.)<<
No one cares spit about you babe.That govt behind you is going down though.
 >>Crypto-anarchy notwithstanding, I don't think any amount of crypto will ever be
able to keep the vast majority of lard-assed schizophrenic cowards from making
enough mistakes to get caught or iced first.<<
Seems Im 'caught" already...only you don't know what to charge me with,there's no plea bargain blackmail BS here and I welcome a trial as free publicity for APster.Ice me and people will twig I was onto something big.Cleft stick girlfriend.
 >>And since the L-ASCs are likely to
make up a disproportionate percentage of the demand for such services, it's
probably not going to be as dire a situation as some people would like you to
Yeah,its amazing how little real demand there is.Its only dire for a few.Anonymous cowards like you are safe as houses.
 >>>>(Hint: This preceeded Jimbell by many years.)<< Speak of the devil.
I'm still trawling the archives and I'm pleasantly surprised by jims posts circa early 96.Ably supported by Vulis.Demonized by some govt garbage like jeff gordon and plonked by numbnuts May,precious about his spotlight,that's  >>>Fact is, many people have already earned killing. The only
 >>reason we cannot dispose of them is that liberal shits interfere with
 >>vengeance.
Feds, Thugs, Overmen and L-ASCs alike: if you've given up on the idea of the
constitution and rule of law, the only thing in this world that could stop you
is your own personal sense of prudence. ~Faustine.<<
The united snakes Empire gave up on the constitution and rule of law,the penalty for that under crypto-anarchy is death by APster. Have a nice rest of your life.

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:19:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Bomb Bomb.Rock the Nation,Take over television and radio 
We  livin' in a mean time and an aggressive time
a painful time, a time where cynicism rots to the vine
in a time where violence blocks the summer shine
lifetimes, go by in a flash
in search for love, in search for cash
everybody wanna be some fat tycoon
everybody wanna be on a tropic honeymoon
nobody wanna sing a little bit out of tune
or be the backbone of a rebel platoon
it's too soon to step out of line
you might get laughed at you might get fined
but do you feel me when I say I feel pain everyday
when I see the way my friends gotta slave
and never get ahead of bills they gotta pay
no way no way!
some make a living doing killing Colombian penicillin
some are willing to play the villain they just chillin'
to pass the time, pass the information
or pass the wine
pass the buck or pass the baton
but you can't pass the police or the pentagon
the I.R.S. or the upper echelon
I think it's time to make a move on the contradiction
Bomb-Bomb, rock the nation
take over television and radio station
               the truth shall come
give the corporation some complication!
This is the dawning of our time I say it one more time
to emphasize the meaning of my rhyme
to rise above all the dirt and grime
add the right spice at the right time
fuck the constitution
are we part of the solution or are we part of the pollution
sittin' by and wonderin' why,
things ain't the way we like to find them to be, to be
for you and for me the people over there and the ones in between
check our habitation are we a peace lovin' nation
peace lovin' nation
I have a reasonable doubt I think I'll just spell it out
there's no need to scream or to shout
the N.R.A. just bought a man's soul
then he jumps up and shouts gun control
the government says that killin's a sin
unless you kill a murderer with a lethal syringe
so I ask again "are we peace lover's then"
some of them slang guns when they six years old
some of them end up in some six foot hole
this whole damn place seems to, lost control
so I raise my voice before I lose my soul
This is the way I'll express my feelings
vibe revealed and revolved spinnin on a record y'all
try to confiscate take what I communicate with
it's ancient gift of the lip steady creating
activating passin vocal vibrations to the blind plus the seeing
human doesn't mean just being
be coming don't believe it just belive it
belongings or beloved rehearse it or recite it
while shining drop your guns and move your tongues
battle motivation in no time lyrics come
sometimes fun others run their mouth or away
my mind co beaming like an early sunray
one day we'll get the picture and all combine
less the talking bout mines is mine and become one mind
every piece of the puzzle has its place
to build the piece of the puzzle called the human race
taking  it long enough we crush the formal journalistic
dyslexic critters talk backwards to rap words
I'm sure raising my hands with questions and demands
statements and a plan with a map of the land

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:29:54
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tabs 
Keeping Tabs
  >by Jaggi Singh
January 7, 2002
An extreme rightwing Web page lists progressive, radical and cultural groups in Montreal and Quebec City, calling them enemies of our people and our race. The list includes addresses, telephone numbers and, in some cases, specific names. There are also photos of individuals and buildings.
The content of the La Droite Nationaliste Website (Nationalist Right) is entirely in French. The site promotes itself as an information index and news source for the francophone, nationalist world. It boasts of referencing 265 sites. While the sites URL isnt always working, La Droite Nationaliste was up at the time this story was posted. If you have trouble getting it, try again later.
The Website is updated regularly, and contains news and events information from all over the world, and links to many other far-right electronic bulletins and Websites. It is a well-maintained, comprehensive site. La Droite Nationaliste has an e-mail address and a post-office box in Anjou, a suburb on the island of Montreal.
But this Web page also features open lists of cultural and left organizations from Montreal, Quebec City and elsewhere in Quebec.
Translated, this section is called The anti-nationalist file: A small address book of anti-national organizations and publications in Montreal. The site explains that, With this little address book, we are able to denounce those who, in one way or another, block the full realization of our destiny. They are in fact the number one enemies.
Here, there are over sixty groups listed  with addresses, phone numbers and, in many cases, fax numbers and Web and e-mail addresses. (See La fillihre anti-nationaliste at the end of this article for a full list of these organizations and publications.)
The addresses are divided into seven sections:
Foreign and Non-European Communities
Jewish Lobby, Zionist Lobby
Pink Lobby, Homosexual Lobby
Anarchist Organizations
Anti-Racist Organizations
Communist Organizations
Institutions like the Jewish Public Library and the Musie du Fier Monde (a museum of working-class history in east-end Montreal), as well as publications like the Canadian Jewish News and Fugues (a gay and lesbian magazine) are included. So are cultural community groups self-defined as Black, Caribbean, Jamaican, Asian, Latin American, South Asian, Iranian, Haitian, Afro-Canadian, Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, Palestinian and Jewish. A refugee support organization, Action Rifugiis Montrial, is also The Pink Lobby, Homosexual Lobby includes gay help lines and discussion groups at Concordia and McGill universities. The description of the Association of Gay Fathers even specifies the address of the building in which its members regularly meet.
The anti-racist section lists Anti-Racist Action (ARA), Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice (SHARP) and the Ligue des Droits et Libertis  a very mainstream civil liberties organization.
The anarchist and communist sections include some student organizations at colleges and universities. The leftwing student group, ASSI (Association pour une solidariti syndicale itudiante), receives special attention, with twenty individual activists being named (including, in most cases, their college-affiliation and course of study).
Other groups mentioned include the CLAC (the Anti-Capitalist Convergence), the Comiti des sans-emploi (with some of their members specified), COBP (Citizens Opposed to Police Brutality) and various communist and socialist parties, as well as anarchist publications and collectives. The site also mentions a book publisher, Icosociitis, that produces many radical titles.
Disturbingly, La Droite Nationaliste includes the photos and addresses of the Alternative Bookshop, an anarchist infoshop, as well as the headquarters of the Marxist-Leninist Party of Quebec (PMLQ). There are also photos of two unnamed members of SHARPs, a local rabbi, as well as me.
Another person singled out for attention on the site is UQAM professor and anarchist Normand Baillargeon. His office location is specified.
Extra, Extra
The Website also includes so-called anarchist organizations in Quebec City, as well as groups in Granby and Drummondville. There are also several requests to e-mail information about more anti-national groups.
A glance at the links and information on the Website provides a clear portrait of the fascist, racist, anti-Semitic, anti-immigrant, anti-queer and anti-woman views that the site promotes. The links on the Quebec section include the MLNQ, an anti-choice group, the Holocaust denying Zundelsite, a variety of National Socialist groups as well as the Ku Klux Klan of Laval, just north of Montreal.
Other sections on France, Belgium and Switzerland include predictable links to far-right parties (such as the Front National and MNR), anti-immigrant groups, as well as far-right music links. There is also a section devoted to the works of Holocaust denier Robert Faurisson.
There is an updated events section, with far-right events from France, Belgium, Great Britain and even the United States.
The news section provides a clear example of the hatred promoted by this Website. An item from Zimbabwe refers to African savages. Another news item from Serbia positively reports on a brutal racist skinhead attack on Belgrades first Gay Pride parade. Referring to the cancellation of other parades and conferences by the gay and lesbian community due to the fear of attack, the Web page states approvingly: Direct action is sometimes more convincing than the words of politicians.
La Droite Nationaliste shows a detailed interest in, and knowledge of, the activities of a variety of cultural and left groups in Quebec. It includes photos, telephone numbers and addresses, making it easier for rightwing extremists who are interested in participating in verbal and physical attacks, as well as harassment.
Jaggi Singh is a writer and activist based in Montreal. His previous article for rabble news was A Speech Without the Speaker (November 6, 2001).

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:33:23
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Scott McInnis needs killing 
FEBRUARY 12, 2002 NATIONAL DAY OF ACTION AGAINST STATE REPRESSION
FORMER SPOKESPERSON FOR THE EARTH LIBERATION FRONT SUBPOENAED TO APPEAR BEFORE A U.S. CONGRESSIONAL SUBCOMMITTEE ON ECOTERRORISM
Craig Rosebraugh, a spokesperson for the North American Earth Liberation Front (ELF) from 1997-2001, received a subpoena on October 31 to testify at a Congressional Subcommittee meeting on "ecoterrorism".  Craig is commanded to appear before the Congressional Subcommittee on Forests and Forest Health at 3:00 p.m. on February 12, 2002 in Washington D.C.
At a Congressional meeting on October 3, 2001, U.S. Rep. Scott McInnis (CO), chairperson of the Subcommittee on Forests and Forest Health argued that Craig should be subpoenaed to provide them with information on the ELF. (Since 1997 The ELF has inflicted more that $40 million in damages to
entities profiting from the destruction of the environment.). When one of the committee members made the reasonable objection that subpoenaing Craig would be a waste of time, he was accused of being "soft on terrorism".  He pointed out that Craig had been subpoenaed before and never given any information, his house had been raided etc. and yet he had never been indicted for any crimes.
1)Take part in the NATIONAL DAY OF ACTION AGAINST STATE REPRESSION.  Show
your support for Craig, the Animal Liberation Front, the Earth Liberation
Front, and those that risk their freedom to stop  the destruction of life.  A
national protest will be held in Washington, D.C. on February 12, 2002.
Please make every effort to make it.  For those that can't make it, consider
organizing local support protests in front of U.S. federal buildings in your
city!  For more information on the FEBRUARY 12, 2002 NATIONAL DAY OF ACTION
AGAINST STATE REPRESSION call 503.972.6764, email skisp at tao.ca (pgp prefered
public key is below), or visit 2)Donate and financially support Craig and his legal defense.  Make all
checks and money orders out to "RESISTANCE" and send to P.O. BOX 40091,
PORTLAND, OREGON 97240.
3)Follow your conscience and take direct action and any action necessary to
stop the destruction of animals, humans, and the natural environment.
For more information contact:
FEBRUARY 12 NATIONAL DAY OF ACTION AGAINST STATE REPRESSION
P.O. Box 40091
Portland, Oregon 97240
503.972.6764 skisp at tao.ca

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:37:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Profiling the International Terrorist:Know your Enemy. 
Among the top echelon of the Bush terror network, Donald Rumsfeld is one of
the more disturbing characters. Donald Rumsfeld occupies the position of the
U.S. Secretary of War (officially known as Secretary of Defense). His
aliases range from "Rummy" and "Dr. Strangelove" to "Darth Vader."
Rumsfeld has come to be known for his near glee when commenting on
successful U.S. bombing missions in Afghanistan. A videotape of a recent
Pentagon press briefing catches him making a chilling, bloodthirsty
statement. Asked if the U.S. had run out of bombing targets in Afghanistan,
Rumsfeld answers: "First, we're going to re-hit targets. And second, we're
not running out of targets, Afghanistan is." According to a press report,
Rumsfeld's remark was "greeted with gales of laughter in the briefing room."
Rumsfeld has a reputation for a nearly fanatical infatuation with weapons of
mass destruction. He was described as a "despot" by none other than Henry
"Machiavelli" Kissinger--a long-time high-ranking terrorist operative
personally responsible for the deaths of millions of people in Southeast
Asia. He has been linked to various shadowy right-wing organizations. In
short, beneath his cheerful and bubbly persona lies the cold-blooded killer
instinct of a dangerous master of terror.
Psychological Profile
According to experts, Rumsfeld has two great passions--money and power. Like
many in the Bush terror network, Rumsfeld is a multi-millionaire--his
personal financial holdings are estimated to range from $50 to $210 million.
He alternates between the corporate boardroom and the terrorist war
room--though often the distinction is non-existent. His business dealings
reflect the same callous view of human life shown by his terrorist actions.
As head of one drug company, he used his connections to get approval for a
food supplement that is linked to brain cancer. He founded and ran another
drug company whose goal is to make a fortune by getting exclusive rights to
peddle its products to severely ill people who in effect become a captive
market for the corporation.
Apprentice to Terror: Heartlessness and Racism
Rumsfeld's initiation into terror began in 1962 as a minor functionary (aka
"Congressman") in the U.S. rogue-state bureaucracy. He showed complete
indifference to those without wealth--opposing food-stamp funding, Medicare,
or even a measly 35" raise in the minimum wage, which was then $1.25 an
His proven heartlessness was rewarded with a promotion to a responsible
position within the terror network headed up by Richard "Tricky Dick" Nixon,
which at that time was running amok around the world. The crimes of this
particularly vile network ranged from targeting, imprisoning and
assassinating radical Black leaders within the U.S. to the mass murder of
Vietnamese, Laotians and Cambodians.
Nixon was a renowned paranoid, schemer and proponent of the bizarre American
cult of "White Supremacy." On an audio tape recently examined and verified
by expert analysis, Nixon can be heard uttering obscenities and racist
remarks about Black people, including sickening comments concerning Black
men's anatomy and intelligence. Rumsfeld's voice is also heard on the
tape--dutifully playing the yes-man toady to the terror chieftain and
chiming in with approval. Despite Rumsfeld's denials of even remembering the
meeting or the conversation, the tape is clearly a smoking gun.
Membership in Shadowy Groups
Over the course of Rumsfeld's career in terror, experts have linked him to
an assortment of shadowy right-wing organizations with sinister agendas.
They sport names such as Committee for the Present Danger, International
Rescue Committee, Center for Security Policy, and the Committee for a Free
World, which Rumsfeld himself headed up.
With major funding coming from the likes of Richard Mellon Scaife, member of
one the wealthiest families in the U.S., these groups are noted for their
unabashed militarism, rabid anti-communism, support for pro-U.S. rogue
states, love of nukes, and enthusiasm for deploying weapons of mass
destruction into outer space. Individuals connected to these groups are
truly an evil cabal--Latin American death squad leaders, former Nazi
collaborators, operatives from Reverend Sun Myung Moon's cult-like
Unification Church, spy operative Oliver North and his coterie from the
Iran-Contra arms and cocaine deals, and a generous sprinkling of "retired"
U.S. terror network generals and "CIA" agents. This is the nasty sea in
which Rumsfeld has been swimming most of his adult life.
Infatuation with Nukes
According to researchers, Rumsfeld trained under Andrew Marshall, a Bush
henchman and an "expert" on military matters who spent 50 years figuring out
the best way to blow up half the world by "thinking the unthinkable." With
this pedigree, it should be no surprise that Rumsfeld is a devout follower
of a weapons cult that revels in discovering faster, newer and more powerful
ways of destroying one's enemies. He really is quite mad, in a Dr.
Strangelove kind of way. This was one of the qualities that earned his
selection to defense chieftain in the Bush terror network, where he is like
a kid in the weapons-of-destruction candy store.
Rumsfeld is against a ban on chemical weapons. He opposes a nuclear test ban
because such a ban would make it difficult to develop new generations of
nukes. He and a team of experts advocate turning outer space into another
arena of war. Rumsfeld is particularly keen on setting up a missile grid
that would allow the U.S.-based terror networks to wage war, including
nuclear war, without fear of retaliation. This amounts to a scheme for
casualty-free (on the U.S. side) nuclear genocide.
For his work, Rumsfeld was given the "Keeper of the Flame" award from the
Center for Policy Studies, a terrorist support group that advocates the use
of weapons in space. In the past, Rumsfeld has both advised and contributed
funds to the group, which is also financed by the major military contractors
who stand to make a fortune in building space weapons.
Association with Rogues around the World
An examination of Rumsfeld's travels reveals a close (and opportunistic)
association with heads of various pro-U.S. rogue states. One day he flies to
Uzbekistan to make an ally of the Uzbek dictator Islam Karimov and gain
access for military bases. Karimov's iron rule--enforced by 40,000 secret
police in the capital alone--allows no public criticism. He practices
torture and has put thousands in prison camps. He violently suppresses
believers in Islam and once boasted that "these people should be shot in the
head, and if necessary I will shoot them myself."
The next day Rumsfeld is hobnobbing with the Islamic fundamentalist rulers
of the rogue state of Saudi Arabia, where the Bush terror network has
stationed thousands of soldiers. This is a place where oil is king, the
"Committees for the Propagation of Virtue and Prevention of Vice" ensure
strict adherence to reactionary religious laws, and court-ordered
punishments range from 1,500 lashes for protesting against the royalty to
amputations for theft to the death penalty for "sorcery."
Unrepentant Cold-blooded Killer
Above all things, Rumsfeld is a killer. As defense chieftain, he is the one
who carries out the military agenda of the Bush terror network in its war on
the people of Afghanistan. He does his job with gusto: 15,000 pound "Daisy
Cutters," B-52 carpet bombings, cluster bomblets that tear through human
flesh like butter--for Rumsfeld, no weapon is too grisly. An admiring
reporter observed that Rumsfeld "is comfortable with the word 'to kill.' "
In one short briefing, he used the word "kill" nine times, while the general
standing next to him used old Pentagon euphemisms like "degrade."
While expressing bubbly elation over each bomb that drops, Rumsfeld coolly
brushes off all reports of rising civilian deaths--now over 3,500 according
to one researcher in the U.S. "No nation in human history has done more to
avoid civilian casualties than the United States has in this conflict" is
his preferred mantra.
When confronted with specific accounts of an entire village flattened by
U.S. bombs, a hospital destroyed or children buried beneath the rubble of
their homes, Rumsfeld musters up all his skill to evade responsibility by
employing his patented four-step "If you can't deny, justify" method. First
step: "They aren't dead. These aren't body parts. These are not bomb
craters." If that fails, try step 2: Insist "We didn't do it" and then blame
it on someone else. If that doesn't work, go to step 3: Get self-righteous
and say, "We did it--and the people must've been doing something wrong if
our bombs fell on them." If all else fails, use step 4: Simply state "that's
just how war goes" and move on.
A videotape caught Rumsfeld saying these words as he derided his critics:
"These people stand up and fuss at the United States because there's a baby
in the street who was killed by something."
The evidence and documentation above make it clear that Donald Rumsfeld is
unquestionably a dangerous man. He moves in and out of corporate,
government, and military seats of power like a phantom. He kills without
hesitation or remorse. His mad visions of hi-tech military superiority and
global nuclear dominance could result in an astronomical loss of life. He is
crafty, deceptive, ruthless, and thoroughly evil--truly an international
terrorist to be reckoned with.

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:41:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Repression Lite. 
Political Dissent Can Bring Federal Agents to Your Door
posted by Drew on Tuesday January 08 2002 @ 03:20PM PST
  HOUSTON - It was 10:30 a.m. on Nov. 7 when the two men showed up.
Donna Huanca was alone, getting ready to open Houston's Art Car Museum. "They looked like robots," she says.
She told the men, dressed in dark suits and carrying leather portfolios, that they would have to wait until the doors opened at 11. That was when they flipped out their badges: They were federal agents investigating reports of "anti-American activity" at the tiny art gallery.
To FBI special agent Terrence Donahue and Steven Smith of the Secret Service, it was a routine mission to check out one of the more than 435,000 tips they have received since Sept. 11.
To Ms. Huanca, whose gallery was opening "Secret Wars," an exhibit on US covert operations and government secrets, it was something else. "What's anti-American about freedom of speech?" the docent blurted out.
The incident, which ended after an hour of questioning, represents more than just a disturbing day for one museum staffer. Across the US, growing numbers of Americans are facing similar interrogations - apparently, they say, because they have criticized the government, President Bush, or the war on terrorism.
Not everyone is bothered by the inquiries. Indeed, by responding to a torrent of tips federal agents are doing exactly what many Americans want them to do.
But as the nation mounts a zealous campaign against domestic terror, some observers say federal agencies are walking a delicate line between checking out leads and trampling on free speech.
"If the FBI is investigating art exhibits at museums, then the line has been crossed," says First Amendment scholar David Cole at Georgetown University in Washington. "The FBI should investigate any credible leads where federal criminal activity may be undertaken. But it should avoid investigating any political conduct."
The rise in doorstep inquiries reflects, in part, a new law-enforcement reality. Suddenly, it may seem hard to know who might be the next to steer a plane into a building. It also reflects raw math. There are simply many more tips to check.
"Remarks made toward the president in an antagonistic way are checked out by the Secret Service. That's always been the case," says Jill Spillman, an FBI agent detailed to the Justice Department. "The FBI checks out [possible] domestic terrorism." She says the people visited are under no obligation to answer questions and are not necessarily viewed as suspects.
But Attorney General John Ashcroft's post-September policy is that each tip be looked into. While not every tip leads to a face-to-face visit, surprise encounters with federal agents are leaving some Americans feeling their privacy has been violated - and that their speech has made them targets of official scrutiny.
For example, A.J. Brown, a student at Durham Technical Community College in North Carolina, faced 40 minutes of grilling by two Secret Service agents and a Raleigh police officer in her doorway (she wouldn't let them come in, and they had no search warrant). By her account, they said they were investigating a tip that she had "un-American material" in her apartment.  From the doorway, they took particular note of a poster of George W. Bush holding a noose. It read: "We hang on your every word," referring to his unflinching support of the death penalty as governor of Texas.
Then there's San Franciscan Barry Reingold, who was awakened from his afternoon nap by a buzzing intercom on Oct. 23. He called down to the street to find out who it was. "The FBI," was the response. He buzzed the two men up, but decided to meet them in the hall. "I was a little bit shaken up," says Mr. Reingold. "I mean, why would the FBI be interested in me, a 60-year-old retired phone company worker?"
When they asked if he worked out at a certain gym, he realized the reason behind the visit. The gym is where he lifts weights - and expounds on his political views.
Since Sept. 11, the sessions have been heated. Once, he recalls, "discussion turned to [Osama] bin Laden and what a horrible murderer he was. I said, 'Yeah, he's horrible and did a horrible thing, but Bush has nothing to be proud of. He is a servant of the big oil companies, and his only interest in the Middle East is oil.' "
Some fellow weightlifters called Reingold a disloyal American. One, apparently, called the government.
So it was that two agents were standing in his hall. "They said, 'You know you are entitled to freedom of speech.' And I said, 'Thank you. That ends our conversation.' " When Reingold closed his door, he heard one of the agents say: "But we still need to do a report."
As the overheard comment suggests, the FBI and Secret Service view many of these checkups as a routine, almost innocuous, part of their job.
Still, the task has taken on fresh relevance after the terrorist attacks.
"Just because we [talked] to ABC Flight School doesn't mean they did something wrong," says Robert Doguim of the Houston FBI. "But how irresponsible of us would it be if we didn't talk to someone?"
He says the Art Car Museum and its exhibit (which had been planned months before Sept. 11) were deemed "not dangerous" after the agents' visit.
But to Huanca, the face-off seemed unnecessary and intimidating. She says the G-men puzzled over each art installation, sneering and saying things like, "What's that supposed to mean?"
Drawing conclusions from cases like this is tricky, since the reality could involve more, or less, than either side tells the media. But Barry Steinhardt, associate director of the American Civil Liberties Union in Washington, finds the anecdotal evidence deeply troubling.
"All of this speaks to the new McCarthyism, where political dissent is being equaled to treason," Mr. Steinhardt says. "It's a very frightening trend: that people are doing nothing more than expressing the very freedoms that we are fighting to preserve - and find themselves with the FBI at their door."

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:45:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Laura's Bush.A closer look at the 1st lady. 
"We learned to be patient observers like the owl. We learned cleverness from the crow, and courage from the jay, who will attack an owl ten times its size to drive it off its territory. But above all of them ranked the chickadee because of its indomitable spirit."

@_date: 2002-01-09 19:11:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The liberation of Timothy C.May. 
Black Funeral Directors Concerned Over Corporate Takeover
By Michael Dabney Associated Press Writer
Published: Jan 9, 2002
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - At one time, blacks turned to their own community when it came to the most critical times of life. They were often born at home with the help of black doctors or midwives, married in black churches, and buried by black undertakers, often in black cemeteries.
Integration changed much of that, leaving two mainstays of the community: black churches and funeral homes. But some black funeral directors fear that this, too, is changing, with large, mostly white-run businesses buying out black-owned funeral homes.
"Funeral homes is one of the last businesses African-Americans have," said Greg Burrell, owner of the Terry Funeral Home in West Philadelphia.
The vast majority of blacks are still buried by black funeral directors, and few whites, unless they married into black families, are buried by blacks, industry officials said.
"This business is still very segregated," said Sharon Seay, executive director of the National Funeral Directors and Morticians Association, an industry group that represents roughly 2,300 black funeral homes, or about 12 percent of the total.
That is down from more than 2,500 some 10 years ago, a drop due in part to Lisa Tucker, a mortician at Yarborough & Rose Funeral Home and president of the Quaker State Funeral Directors Association, a coalition of black funeral directors in Pennsylvania, said corporate acquisitions threaten a way of life.
"The African-American funeral home is passed down - it's a generational thing," Tucker said.
Moreover, some independent owners say, the personal touch black funeral homes offer is lost when the larger companies move in.
"Their focus is wrong," Burrell said. "Everyone is in business to make money, but with the conglomerate, it is the primary focus. They forget all about the families."
The average black funeral home does between 500 and 1,000 funerals a year and, if sold, would fetch between $1 million and $2 million, Seay said. In most cases, the former owner and employees are kept on for several years to offer continuity.
Most black owners sell because they are getting older and do not have a family member to take over, Tucker said.
Seay's organization is urging owners to at least keep the businesses in the black community: "If you have to sell and want to sell, consider who you are selling it to."
The nation's largest funeral home owner is Houston-based Service Corporation International, which owns roughly 7 percent of all the funeral homes in the country but conducts about 14 percent of the nation's burials.
Currently, the company has halted its acquisition of small independent homes and is focusing on managing the 1,350 it has, said Terry Hemeyer, an SCI spokesman.
"We look at the market and we look at which markets are growing," Hemeyer said. "We do not track statistics as to race. We don't have an African-American division of SCI. We don't do that."
Loewen Group Inc. of Toronto has nearly 900 funeral homes and 318 cemeteries in North America and has scaled back it acquisition program. After years of aggressive acquisitions, Loewen is now trying to restructure in federal bankruptcy court in Delaware.
There are a number of small, but growing, black companies acquiring black-owned funeral homes.
"We don't have a desire to run black businesses out of business," said Slivy Edmonds Cotton, president of Perpetua, a 4-year-old black company based in Tucson, Ariz. "We want to be an alternative."
Applying sound business practices while still maintaining a personal touch is possible, she said.
"They are not mutually exclusive," Cotton said. "Our goal is to have a balance.

@_date: 2002-01-09 19:23:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: State dept. alternative APster trial.Proof of concept? 
State Department Officer Charged With Attempted Murder
The Associated Press
Published: Jan 9, 2002
WASHINGTON (AP) - A veteran State Department foreign service officer has been charged with attempting to murder her friend's estranged husband.
Police say Margery L. Landry, 48, broke into the house of Arlen Slobodow before dawn Monday wearing a black ski mask and armed with a gun.
Slobodow was awakened when the intruder tried to push him off the bed, according to police records cited by The Washington Post.
Landry fired two shots at Slobodow, striking him once in the leg. He then wrestled with Landry, ripping off her mask, police said.
According to police reports, Landry is a close friend of Slobodow's estranged wife and godmother to his two sons.
Police are investigating whether the shooting is connected to an alleged threat by Slobodow's wife, Elsa Newman, to hire someone to kill her husband and children if she couldn't have custody.
Landry was charged with attempted murder, assault and burglary and was ordered held without bond. Slobodow is in stable condition in a hospital. Slobodow's children, a 5-year-old boy and an 8-year-old boy, were not injured, police said.
As a result of Newman's alleged statements to her attorney in September, a judge granted Slobodow full custody of the children, and Newman was allowed a supervised visit every two weeks, court charging documents state.
Police said they are trying to find Newman, who lives in the Washington suburb of Bethesda, Md., for questioning.
Prosecutors described the two women as close friends and former college roommates. Landry, who works in the State Department's Office of Children's Issues, and her husband, John, a civilian Army employee, are godparents to Slobodow and Newman's children.
Henry Asbill, Landry's attorney, told the Post that his client should be presumed innocent. He argued during her bond hearing that she has no prior arrest or conviction.
Landry works in the division at State that handles international parental child abduction and international adoption matters, an agency spokeswoman said. She said officials would follow the police investigation of Landry and have not made a decision on her employment.

@_date: 2002-01-09 19:35:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Paper tiger dollars days are numbered. 
Just as the initial euphoria from the introduction of notes and coins wears off, the euro has received a boost from news that China could be buying more euros to reduce its reliance on the dollar.
"China has always thought the euro important," said the Chinese finance minister, Xiang Huaicheng, "and thinks that it will some day be on an equal footing with the US dollar."
The hegemony of the running dogs of capital will soon see clearly that the east is red.American capitalism, based as it is on exploitation of the poor, with its fundamental motivation in personal greed, simply cannot survive without force - without a secret police force.

@_date: 2002-01-09 19:47:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: For FUCKS sake KILL the PRESIDENT! 
Our Allies, the "Pakis"
White House officials are insisting President Bush meant no direspect when he referred yesterday to the people of Pakistan as "Pakis" -- a term considered a grievous ethnic slur in Britain and Canada. The Pakistani ambassador to the US brushed the blooper aside, but it joins the ever-growing list of Bush malapropisms.
Dubya Shoots From the Lip - The Times of India
Did He Really Say That? - The Guardian (UK)
Bush Meant No Disrespect - Reuters
The Complete Bushisms - Slate
Bushlexia - Bushwatch.com
"A strong people do not need a government"
 Emiliano Zapata

@_date: 2002-01-09 20:22:55
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Pinko Rose of Texas 
This is an open letter to the person/s unknown who mailed anthrax letters recently.I reckon your a true blue american patriot and I ask you to not only keep up the good work but consider going for the real commiesymps in power.Such as so called president bush.This nigger loving puke is bringing back big govt in a big way.Socialized schooling and federal airport staff! Fuck that! This chicken hearted sows belly asked for NATO-euro-one world planes to fly over our sacred soil! How can we let this Treason stand? No,if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck...Kill the president for christ and country.
George Bush is a cocaine sniffing, alcoholic, sleazy coward, who doesn't have an ounce of integrity or intelligence in his entire body.He clearly deserves a horrible death.We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies and competitive values. For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.

@_date: 2002-01-10 02:32:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Dear Declan,you suck. 
>>mattd recently babbled incoherently:<<
Yet you dont quote anything I said.Que?
  >>"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;
socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."
 >>Another dead russian. Why not Stalin? "One death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic." <<
And if you go quoting chairman mao?
 >>Still trying to define anarchy by your own anti-social agenda, eh matt?<<
Im anti CALC,thats the almost opposite of anti-social.Your welcome to Tim's poverty stricken definition.
  >>"Let's all be anarchists, just like me!"
                     -- mattd twit.<<
No lets all stay pigeonholed as right wing twits.A much easier target for the smarter spooks that will be here soon.
And I was talking to declan the libertarian pod anyway you idiot.
_Please_ don't feed the troll...or the nasty knee jerk weasl.Now declan,give us your thoughts on Treis last posts.

@_date: 2002-01-10 02:47:13
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Agent Faustines 6 year itch. 
>It seems likely that any overt organization operating an Assasination
 >Politics scheme will be outlawed... even though the most logical reading of
 >current laws says that it isn't illegal (except for the gambling part). An
 >anonymously constructed one seems a lot more likely - which Lotus could then
 >anonymously patronize. Even if operation of such a system is "outlawed," the government would still
have to TRY to enforce the law, which would be mighty difficult. Remember,
the whole system is based on anonymity, which means it'd be hard to get
witnesses to any overt act. And we have 1st amendment issues to consider:
If this system were operated from overseas, it would be difficult or
impossible to restrict communication with the main organization, etc. I believe that the enthusiastic support by some well-known software company
(even if they didn't intend to actually run or assist in the running of the
operation itself) would make the politicians shit bricks, leading to a
cathartic national debate that we sorely need. > I do have some ideas for making such possible, but I'm
 >waiting on a defense of three points before I'll release them. These points
 >are:
 >A. My previously mentioned problem with a limited but non-libertarian
 >organization. I don't deny that such an organization might spring up. activists are the group which come most immediately to my mind, BTW. I'm
not in sympathy with them; quite the opposite.) I've never claimed that
this system is totally immune to such abuse, in the same way that the seller
of a gun can certify that it will never be used to commit a crime. >B. I don't trust the average person to look ahead enough to make this
 >(or other Anarcho-Capitalist) schemes work. Fortunately, "Assassination Politics" will achieve this "crypto anarchy"
even if only a tiny fraction of the population participate and use it. The
reason is that the number of decision-maker government employees is
comparatively small and most will resign before being "terminated." (with
extreme prejudice.) The total cost to bring down the US government will
probably be substantially less than $100 million. > In other words, the average person
 >has to be able to see that a non-limited organization is a danger to them,
 >etcetera. I realize that this takes a bit of thinking to recognize. I've about this whole thing for nearly a year, now, and it is still a fascinating
and yet a bit terrifying subject. > Moreover, Jim Bell is ignoring the other sources of propaganda than
 >government in convincing the average person that someone is doing something
 >wrong (when, by my ethics at least, they aren't) - such as religion and
 >various organizations like the PFDA. Again, only a tiny fraction of the population needs to participate... > Admittedly, as I've stated before, the
 >requirement for some money would help, at least to the degree that our  >is meritocratic. (A growing tendency, fortunately.) If most people are on a
 >subsistence wage (the result of free trade & automation with varying human
 >abilities), they can't afford enough money for Assasination Politics. (Yes,
 >I'm an intellectual Elitist. Deal with it.)
  I've been asked what I think would be the average payoff for a medium-level
government official "kill" would be. Naturally, that would be
market-driven, but it is reasonable to assume that most of the payment for a
CURRENT contract killing is based on the risk; not merely the risk of doing
the job and/or getting caught, but also the risk of dealing with (and
trusting, etc) the other guy. I suspect that the vast majority of
convictions for contract killings occur not because the killer was caught in
the act, but because of these relationships associated with it. Since "Assassination Politics" promises essentially perfect anonymity to the
donors as well as the "predictors", the majority of the "risk" associated
with having such a job done would be far lower than currently. I estimate,
therefore, that you could get "action" for around $10,000. Since "Assassination Politics" is based on a combined-donation system, even
people on a subsistence wage could contribute; a quarter here, a dollar
there, pretty soon it turns into real money.
  >C. While I may not like dealing with the average person very much (see
 >above), I don't want to see them starving in the streets. I can see
 >governmental welfare as being necessary for this, although the private form
 >is definitely preferable. (And yes, I can justify this as being a
libertarian -
 >if not Libertarian Party - viewpoint. If I recall correctly, I had a debate
 >with Perry on this on Libernet, in which he tried to dismiss me as "just a
 >Democrat." I was posting under the name ALLENS at YANG.EARLHAM.EDU at the  >-
Allen I understand your concern. I wish there was some simple argument I could
give which would assuage your fears. However, I look at it this way: The
Federal government (and all other governments, around the world) are
currently parasites on the rest of the population. Now "parasite theory" is
that the parasite has some sort of optimum "parasite level" above which he
cannot go. Once the cost for such parasitism is removed, there will be an
economic boom for those "hosts" of the parasite. Naturally, the parasite will be in trouble, but that's only justice.
Has the US dollar depreciated that much in 6 years parasite justine?

@_date: 2002-01-10 04:49:45
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: IRS removal 
>My purpose on this thread is to examine the limits of Jim Bell's idea of
 >Assassination Politics.  My ground rules are to assume that it is a natural
 >outgrowth of the technologies of anonymous cash and anonymous remailers.
 >As such arguments that it is immoral are only valid to the extent that they
 >bare on individual's decisions to particpate in an assassination. Pardon me, but the proper word is "bear", not "bare." >
 >I believe that we have general agreement that high government figures are
 >not subject to sanction via assassination politics because they already
 >enjoy Secret Service levels of protection.<<
  You'd be surprised how few "high government officials" have
Secret-service-type protection.  President, obviously, vice president,
Speaker of house, majority and  minority leader of Senate, etc. "Ordinary"
members of House and senate don't.  A few department heads probably do, but
that is the exception, rather than the rule. BTW, for the record, just a couple of days ago Clinton probably passed
within a mile of my house, "Slant range", in a helicopter, with a day's
warning.  (The term, "slant range", is a "term of art," for those not in the
 >I also believe that Jim and I disagree about the significance of Salmon
 >Rushdie.  Jim thinks that the lack of anonymity in the Mullah's
 >assassination bounty is repelling possible assassins.  I disagree. <<
Well, then what _IS_ "repelling possible assassins"?  Hint:  If I or you
killed Rushdie, do you really believe you would be able to collect the
reward?  I don't.  Unless you get people to really BELIEVE they can collect,
then it is irrelevant what the value of that reward is! Hint:  If the mullahs really wanted to see Rushdie dead, they would have
implemented some sort of "Assassination Politics"-type system to ensure than
anyone who wanted to collect the reward could do so from the comfort and
safety of his own home. >A
 >question worth asking is, How much does it cost the British government to
 >protect Mr. Rushdie by keeping his location secret and providing other
 >unspecified protection.  If anyone knows the answer, it could help build an
 >economic model of Assassination Politics.<<
  Which is a valid goal.  Actually, it is unclear why Britain is spending the
money to protect Rushdie.  Despite the fact that he's done nothing to
deserve his targeting, governments are remarkably reticent about protecting
individual citizens.  >Jim Bell said:
 >
 >>Actually, I think the primary targets will be either the middle level
 >>manager types, or the ones who have attracted a substantial amount of bad
 >>publicity by "following orders."  Lon Horiuchi (the sniper who shot Vicki
 >>Weaver) for example, would be a excellent example of a person who'd try to
 >>claim, "I was just following orders."  Okay, maybe he was, but so was Adolph
 >>Eichmann.
 >
 >I agree that Jim's idea of targeting certain specific individuals, such as
 >the sniper above might work. Now, imagine you were a government employee in this line of work, and a
fellow employee was bumped off due to a well-publicized incident.  Next time
you're asked to engage in a Waco-like operation, what do you think you'll
say to  your manager?   "Is this trip necessary?" This is called, "deterrence."
  >>Once the tax collectors/enforcers were targeted, the rest of the government
 >>wouldn't be able to operate, and would collapse.
 >
 >However if you tackle the whole tax system, you get into problems of scale.
 > The IRS alone (according to their web page) has over 110,000 employees,
 >and we havn't even mentioned the state and local employees.  I don't think
 >killing one or two will have a sigificant effect (that is occuring now).  I
 >will assume that you have to successfully kill about 10% to have enough
 >effect to shut off the government's money supply. Needless to say, I disagree.  In practice, if you discovered that  each year
there  was a 1% chance of you dying as a consequence of your job, you'd
probably strongly consider changing your place of employment. Now, I think statistics show that each year, about 800 billion dollars in
individual income taxes are collected.  If we assume that the equivalent of
only 1% of that  value  was donated to solve the "IRS problem," that's 8
BILLION dollars, which at $10,000 per person would buy 800,000 deaths.
THat's 7 times the current employment of the IRS. You tell me:  What would the average person pay THIS YEAR to avoid paying,
say, a $100,000 tax bill NEXT YEAR?  (Hint:  How much do rich people pay
their accountants, TODAY, to avoid taxes?) Another Hint:  Consider Bill Gates.  His wealth is variously estimated at
over 10 BILLION dollars, probably almost all of which is in long-term
capital gains (Microsoft stock), for which he will have to pay somewhere
around 30% in Federal income taxes if he should choose to cash out.  He
would be 1.5 Billion dollars ahead if he donated $1.5 billion dollars to an
organization which would eliminate his  requirement to pay the total 3
billion dollar tax bill to the IRS.  That alone is the equivalent of about
$14,000 for each IRS employee.
 >Attacks at this scale will be difficult because while people will have
 >perfect anonymity in cyberspace, they won't enjoy it in physical space.
 >Neighbors, survalence cameras, etc.; in fact all the technology that makes
 >privacy so hard to achieve today will be available to catch the assassins.
 >The police will also be more motivated to utilize the technology for this
 >class of people than they would for drug dealers, pimps and other low
 >lifes.  These points will tend to raise the price of assassinations.<<
That depends entirely on the identity of the target.  Besides, suppose for a
moment that all these people are turned into "targets."  It's pretty easy to
protect ONE INDIVIDUAL; it's far harder to protect thousands.
 >Let us assume that we can buy assassinations for $50,000 per person.  Times
 >11,000 people is $550 million dollars.  That is quite a sum.  I need to see
 >an analysis which shows how to raise money on this scale.<<
Your estimate is way too high.   Remember, most of the cost of hiring a
hitman is based on the risk (to him) of actually contacting and TRUSTING his
contractor. (and vice versa:  The contractor has to trust the hitman.)
While I have no firm statistics, I would  imagine that the vast
majority of "contract killings" are  solved (if they are solved at  all, by
the police) by something other   than evidence collected at the site where
the killing actually occurred.  If you completely eliminate this risk, (by
encryption and digital cash, etc.) by free-market principles the cost should
drop drastically. More generally, most murders are solved either by researching the prior
relationships (and motives) of acquaintances of the "victim," or witnesses
to an incident that the killer didn't expect to occur, etc.   "Assassination
Politics" would result in a situation in which literally everybody in the
world had an IDENTICAL motivation to kill the target.  Imagine explaining
this away to a jury, who themselves might have had an equivalent motivation
to collect the reward! Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com (circa 96,pr)

@_date: 2002-01-10 06:24:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Unbreakable "top secret crypto," pseudo-random, one-time-pad, 
There have been several purveyors of (potential) snake oil here.
Predictably, critics have been drawn into "trying to break" these allegedly
strong systems. Some of the purveyors are even saying things like
[paraphrased, but with charming misspellings emulated]: "See, even the smarty-pants Cyphurpunks are unabble to brake ouir system!
Our virtuel one-time pad, which converts 10 randumly picked bits into 1000
or 10,000 or even a bazillion!, by our patented processo of "entropy
enhancemate," has defeated even immacarthy and metzger. Our system rulez!" And so it goes....
Declan you debate ducking coward,answer my question.Are you with Trei or are you with the terrorists?

@_date: 2002-01-10 21:12:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Application for return of dell heard.+ burning down the 
1) Anyone interested can write me direct.
2) Thanks to andrew woods for advice on filtering eudora.
3) There's been another anthrax outbreak in OZ. In 97 victoria was hit,this time its Queensland.Aussi still has a "clean green" beef industry though US secret agents could be expected to release foot and mouth here as they may have in Britain.Mad anarchist terrorists have been seen digging where corpse's fell.
4) The yahoo story on the Olympic's is interesting.Crypto-anarchists should note the continued attempted demonization of "violent" "anarchists"They refuse to even apply for demonstration licence's,Shock,Horror!
The crude divide and rule tactic of attempting to split "tame" activists from "violent" gains steam ably assisted by spooks and shills in the crap corporate media.(hi declan Mc Catohead!)
Do you want to come with me to Salt Lake city
Yes or no?It is a question of life and death for us all.
We will either conquer or die,because defeat
will be so terrible that we could not survive it.
But we will conquer.I have faith in our victory.
I only regret that I speak to you in this space.
Someday with capital abolished we will be in a free society.

@_date: 2002-01-10 22:03:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The foul Peter Trei file.Sloppy corporate shill or Snitch?You 
Thread Index for the period of  2001.12.17-2001.12.23
Near top-CNN on remailers-
 >>...This does not invalidate my point - that such special treatment could a remop into legal problems. We have two different problems, with mutually
undesirable solutions. Peter Trei
ubject: CDR: RE: CNN.com on Remailers
 >>...Typical Choate, missing the point. same thread-another post.same poster.
 >>...In fact, spammers currently *do* send mail encrypted to the remailers'
 > keys.  It's a pain in the ass trying to filter the damn stuff out.
 >
 > Ben Xain
 > bxain at redneck.gacracker.org
 >
First I've heard that. Frankly, I'm suprised. One solution, which I've long advocated, is for the remailer to drop mail
which has an unencrypted body after it's applied it's decryption key. Provided this is an announced policy, substantially increases the
protection of the mail and the remop. It does mean that only people
capable of using encryption can receive mail via the remailer, but
that's probably a *good* thing. Peter Trei<<
So,peter's here,he's contributing and not concealing corporate vested interests,so far so good.
Few posts down
 >>CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
John Young
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
Greg Newby
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
Bill Stewart
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
Luthor Blisset
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
John Young
Re: CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
Major Variola \(ret\)
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
Nomen Nescio
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
Re: CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
CDR: Re: Cypherpunk Ban,
Anonymous User.<<
Peter Trei may be "anonymouse" or Pseudynomous in this thread...or he slept through it,doesnt care,domestic/business emergency,other distraction,any number of excuses.Nowt wrong with that but then next week...
 >>If there's anything more annoying than a boring nut who takes
up 30% of the list volume, it's a boring nut who takes up 30%
of the list volume with plaigerized articles from other, much
more creative and intelligent nuts. This, of course, is -named recently persecuted list member- work, as published on Declan's
Politech list. Peter Trei<<
The mask slips,30% of the list appears to be one spam,(20/20) Did Trei complain about that? He absolutely endangered a comrades peace and security with his inattention/carelessnes/maliciousness.Take your pick in the absence of an explanation.He has ducked questions on this while bragging about his rapacious capitalist connections and now has the gall to try and sell conference tickets here like the lowest cheap spam.Fuck the rsa company and double fuck its low running dog,Peter Trei.

@_date: 2002-01-10 23:25:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Uncrackable one time keys...for a price. 
Your secret's safe
The ephemeral signals that flood the airwaves are the key to creating an uncrackable code, says Michael Brooks
5-jan-02 New Scientist.Looks like this...
or same difference
With the addition,"send money."in the NS,story.Ill write more on it in a day or 2.Kill the president.
Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2002-01-10 23:43:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Goldmember 
Mr Godsell rejected criticism that AngloGold's proposal to form a global co-operation pact with Canadian gold giant Barrick Gold was not clear. No formal deal has been signed, but the miners propose to extract synergies from neighbouring assets, starting in Australia and Africa.
In particular, AngloGold plans to sell Barrick sole management rights at the Kalgoorlie Super Pit (owned by Normandy and Barrick), and offer a stake in the 15 million ounce Boddington project south of Perth, should its bid "In my view (the proposal) is very clear," Mr Godsell said.
Many analysts believe the proposal could be a prelude to a formal alliance between the two groups, an outcome Mr Godsell refused to rule out: "Could this lead to greater things? Well perhaps. The agreements are pretty clear and are ... quite meaningful."
Why is a Canadian company's successful libel suit against a British newspaper a possible threat to your ability to get uncensored news on the internet? The story of reporter Greg Palast and the Bush family-linked Barrick Mining Corporation will make that clear. We'll hear from Greg Palast, who writes for the UK-based Observer.
[listen to this section]   and

@_date: 2002-01-11 00:15:51
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Anti-Capitalist Convergence Against the World Economic Forum in 
JOIN US AS NEW YORKERS STRIKE BACK AGAINST CORPORATE TERROR!
SHUTDOWN THE WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM !
Join us January 31st (Thursday) through February 1st (Friday) in NYC for two days of
workshops, infosessions, and teach-ins held in conjunction with The Another World Is
Possible Coalition, Eye on Davos, and The National Student Mobilization.
After Friday's activity has ended, a legal vigil will be held in Union Square, followed by a
spokes council, to which each affinity group is invited to send a representative. Please
send a member who is familiar with the processes of facilitation and consensus.
February 2nd (Saturday) will be the universal day of action against the World Economic
Forum. Legal marches and rallies are being planned by The Another World Coalition and
The International ANSWER Coalition. ACCNYC is in the process of determining its role
in the street action.
More info will be available soon. Check back for scenario updates: THE REGIONAL ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING AGAINST THE WEF
Saturday, January 19 @ 2pm
Chashama Theatre - 129 W 42nd St
(Between Bdway & 6th in Times Sq)
The NYC Anti-Capitalist Convergence calls on all anarchists and anti-authoritarians to
join us for a regional organizational meeting in preparation for the mass against the WEF, January 31 to February 4.
For more information contact -
David Graeber
drg9 at drg9.mail.yale.edu
Note - Space on Times Square has been provided for this meeting by The Anarchist Convention - Jan 17 to Jan 20: Proceeds benefit May Day Books and WEF actions-related legal funds.
check  for coverage of the events.
other relevant links:
 From  More there.

@_date: 2002-01-11 03:16:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Breaking News from London;anarchists occupy Argentine embassy. 
Anarchist occupy argentinian embassy in London!! by 5:57am Thu Jan 10 '02
tpktpk at hotmail.com
A group of Anarchists are occupying the Argentinian Embassy in support of the peoples' rejection of their "leaders".
For immediate release:
Argentinian Embassy occupied by Anarchists
Those Pesky Kids [TPK]: 07950 567 099
***PRESS RELEASE***
A group of Anarchists are occupying the Argentinian Embassy in support of the peoples' rejection of their "leaders".
The occupation of the embassy is in solidarity with the insurrectionary events instigated by the majority of the Argentinian population. We wholeheartedly support the dreams and desires of the peope as they reject the right of governments and corporations to rule them.
Once heralded as the golden child of economic liberalisation, the country has now plummeted into a state of poverty and chaos, saddled with US$155 Billion debt and unemployment levels of 18%. The economic collapse in Argentina is due to the expansion of free-market liberalisation and the imposition of IMF enforced Structural Adjustment Programs including the relentless privatisation of public services. These very same policies have caused ruin across the globe, from the privatisation of water in Bolivia to the choas of Railtrack in Britain.
Instead of merely accepting the ruin wreaked by over a decade of IMF austerity measures and structural adjustment policies - policies that continue a centuries old system of profiteering and exploitation - people across Argentina have autonomously organised accountable and democratic self-governing assemblies to transfrom the country.
We have occupied this embassy to highlight the illegitimacy not just of the Argentinian government, but of all governments. The situation in Argentina shows both the failure of capitalism as a global system and the revolutionary strength of peoples' empowerment.
We endorse the peoples' cry of no leaders no governments!
We endorse peoples' liberation!
We endorse the creation of a new society, free from oppression and We endorse the continued destruction of capitalism!
La lucha sigue
  (no logs kept at this anon news site.)

@_date: 2002-01-11 05:22:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Slashdot | Cooperation Works if Majority Can Punish Freeloaders 
With new improved APster cooperation works brilliantly as a MINORITY severely punish Freeloaders.
"Encryption can pose potentially insurmountable challenges to law enforcement when used in conjunction with communication or plans for executing serious terrorist and criminal acts."
"Encryption, for example, raises tricky and emotive issues connected with organized crime and national security and cannot be treated simply as a business problem."

@_date: 2002-01-11 15:23:07
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Prosperity through punishment (was Re: more on procmail is not 
>>"For a very long time in economics and biology there's been
an assumption of self-interest," says economist Herbert Gintis of the
University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Instead, he says, it seems that
egalitarianism is "a basic part of human behaviour".<<
Interesting Quote but Heresy here in anarcho-crapitalist cloud cuckoo land. "I'm not a believer in Anarchy because I believe that people will behave better without government than with, I'm a believer in Anarchy because then they can't hide behind lawyers and badges when they fuck someone. They can still hide behind guns, but that just makes their actions more honest. I don't believe in anarchy because I trust people. I believe in anarchy because I don't trust them."

@_date: 2002-01-11 15:34:47
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: AU Anti-biker Laws 
>>I vaguely remember a door-strengthening prohibition somewhere in Europe
being mentioned here in the past.<<
At least in one part of Europe fortifications are going up with local council approval.In checko the 1st ghetto wall since ww2 was recently built to enforce a curfew in a romany section of an old town.
Also in au the authoritarians in port Augusta have proposed a curfew for young people.
"spewing nemesis" (?) Only for dumbshit anarcho-crapitalists.The issue is not that "allowing" it is good, but that "banning" it would require drastic and draconian enforcement measures.) We are nearly always 5-10 years behind

@_date: 2002-01-11 15:45:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: tree huggers as terrorists 
>> "I wonder why seven congressmen are so interested
                  in challenging an organization to disavow
                  ecoterrorism when Greenpeace has a perfect,
                  30-year record of peaceful, nonviolent civil
                  disobedience used to engage corrupt governments
                  and corporations around the world," John
                  Pasacantando, Greenpeace USA's Executive
                  Director, wrote to McInnis. "I wish that you would
                  drop this ruse of trying to link peaceful
                  environmental efforts to terrorism -- just at the
                  moment when the country needs you to actually
                  focus on real issues."<<
Greenpeace should be investigating APster lite as a matter of some urgency after recent LA case.ALL peaceful dissent is linked to "terrorism" now. Drunks on planes and castaways are international terrorists.This started well before 9-11.
  I think that this Government is a threat to mankind. You can't protect freedom and liberties behind stock piles of chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons.

@_date: 2002-01-11 15:59:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Justine/Faustine the butthole surfer. 
>>LIKES BEING ASSFUCKED!!<<
30% of the female population admit to at least trying it once.(Hite report)
 >>likes molesting farm animals.<<
Try  I recommend dogjapan.Likes quoting Nitchze? Turn that icy little gun on yrself girlfriend.
The American people should remember that they pay taxes to their government, they elect their president, their government manufactures arms and gives them to Israel and Israel uses them to massacre Palestinians. The American Congress endorses all government measures and this proves that the entire America is responsible for the atrocities perpetrated against Muslims. The entire America, because they elect the Congress.

@_date: 2002-01-11 16:11:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Drivel 
>>I personally have gotten tired
of reading your drivel,<<
If you see my name then dont read it.Im not paying much attention to you  >>accordingly you have started to suffer the same
fate as detweiler, cohen, vulis and others.<<
Que? What fate? I dont know Cohen,who he?
 >>Hoped you liked the little
procmail thingie, our former resident book author, bill arnold loved it,
As well as the other version which outed all of his postings directly
to his supervisors in the school system. havent seen old Bill for about a
couple of years now.:) <<
Ive filtered out some redundant mail lately,Who's bill arnold?
 >>with malice aforthought anonymous tentacle p.s. some of us only watch, wait and strike<<
If your threatening me,your not being clear enough about it.More detail please,anonymously if you like,Im always looking for fresh material for my  >>pseudo-anarchists like mattd <<
Why pseudo? please,I really want to know that.Write me direct if you want to see less of me on the list.

@_date: 2002-01-11 20:28:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Joshua's been naughty,very naughty. 
January 10: An upskirt poser from Joshua   >>Why should I killfile fools like mattd and others??<<(A melon head)
Indeed,use PAP.(peoples assassination politics,your anonymous,right?)
 >> its MORE FUN to
use  procmail <<
Suddenly filters dont work or you WANT me to spam the list? Has anyone here complained about the 20/20 spam?
 >>and villification<<
That's difficult for someone called P.Rat who enjoys deviants sex and collects insulting and abusive literature.Try.
  >>to accomplish what I wish to...
eventually the interlopers leave and the list gets back to
business <<
Sucking Tims cock in his fetid little hot tub ,you could drown!
 >>in spite of agent gordon and his ilk. whats a matter?
Agent Gordon, CJ and bell are easy targets for threatening the shrub
  and mattd is NOT??? why dont you go supress his free speech rights also?<<
Whattsamatta dickhead,to lazy to check on the state of play at indymedia or  >>So much for your tax dollars at work... the maker of net.loons
         tentacle  of the hairs of medusa
ps.Medusa's sucess list detweiler
whos next!! :) mattd? john young? only the shadow knows!!<<
You fuck with jya and your dead.

@_date: 2002-01-11 20:45:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: weasl words 
>>unmedicated outbursts<<
Coming from you thats hilarious.
 >>Has anyone here considered that mattd may be a form of DOS attack?  That
he/she/it may in fact be a paid (or otherwise compensated) proxy of
Gordon's?  Surely I can't be the only one who has seriously considered
No shit sherlock.Ive been paid by the govt on and off for 30 years and live in council housing.I reckon if they don't engineer
a pedo/terror scandal and condor all c/punks they don't really want their jobs.How about seriously investigating something for once.And did you complain about that 20/20 post last week that took up about 100 spaces?If I want to DOS you I will.
I havent yet cos I like to store my blog here.Dont like it.Dont read it.(and stop sucking tims cock,you'll choke.)

@_date: 2002-01-11 21:19:22
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Mr  Mc Catohead. 
Well, FWIW, I interviewed him by calling an Australian telephone
number when the Ohio cops were on his trail;<<
The only fucking US reporter to do so.That's how I know how bad the crap corporate media is over there.
The Ohio cops and all the other "reporters" didn't know how to e-mail apparently.1 reporter e-mailed declan though, from Dacron.(HA!)
  >>an Australian journalist<<
Frank Sinatra summed them up nicely once.They are still better than the spook/shill/celebrity/rabid hack united snakes crowd.
 >>confirms mattd/proffr lives there (
the Australian press had some coverage (though no photos) <<
The Herald Sun had heaps and heaps of photos that they supplied directly to police.(1 is a beauty,Anarchist magazine cover right there.) The Hun save the police the expense and bother of running an aboveground special branch.
 >>of his
problems with the local constabulary. See:
 > Company probably don't consider him worth the effort -<<
Agent faustine and Maurice Tate seem to hate my guts and put in a little effort even if only in their spare time.
  >remember, they are
 > not interested in having to actually *work* for a living: if it's not  > low enough to practically touch the ground, it's not fruit that they care to
 > sample.
Jackson games,e-gold,they do get out and about sometimes.They have a caste system and Empire to support.
  >>A Secret Service agent reportedly showed up at one of mattd/proffr's
hearings. <<
Arrest yes,Rick Walkinshaw,Hawaii.office.adress online.Interested in IRS lately?Check this out.1995 -- Stick This?: Native Hawai'ian activist John Marsh
is acquitted in Honolulu of tax evasion charges, using the
defense that since the U.S. illegally colonized Hawai'i in
1898, the islanders' descendants are not legally subject
to U.S. taxation.
 >>Cypherpunks should take up a collection to post this video on cryptome.<<
What about a nuremburg style site for the filth you lazy whinging pussies? Your a circle of eunuchs.
("Sen-Constable Nicholas Conte <<
Interesting this is an old name I saw at the daily bleed once.There was once a nic Conte with balls and brains and heart.
 >>told the court he obtained photographs
and video footage of Mr Taylor committing acts of vandalism")
He told a court yesterday he doesnt know shit about computers,see "A day in court 2-your taxes at work" story at  melbourne.Id supply URL but *server overloaded.*
Still spuiking for the CATO corporate criminals Declan? you sickening shill

@_date: 2002-01-11 22:10:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Mr  Mc Catohead. 
>>mattd rote: >Agent faustine...seem[s] to hate my guts.... Golly-gee-willikers Batman, I wonder why. [Way-back machine entry, late last year] Date: Tue, 18 Dec 2001 12:27:13 +1100
DILDO BUT SHE ONLY NEEDED A
LITTLE BIT OF CONVINCING. WE LUBED IT UP WITH HER WET PUSSY AND SHE
WAS BEGGING FOR IT IN HER TIGHT LITTLE ASSHOLE... WE COULDN'T BELIEVE HOW
DEEP SHE TOOK IT!
BUT SHE LOVED EVERY INCH AND THEN WANTED MORE!
DO YOU KNOW ANY MORE GIRLS LIKE  FAUSTINE?<<
Looks like you got all the puritans and we got all the criminals eh! (you are a septic tank,I take it.)
If you go back a little further you'll see that I attempted to engage with agent faustine on her pet subjects.
Subject non resposive,seems to have a "hard on" for Timmy boy.
So I was experimenting with different ways to tickle her fancy? So What? Different strokes.Thanks for prolonging the subject line.All Punks should know what a Hoe McCato head is.

@_date: 2002-01-11 23:57:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Mr  Mc Catohead. 
<...> Your manner of compressing quoted text is offensive
to me.  Don't bother, I'm letting myself out. >All Punks should know what a Hoe McCato head is. I'd say you were the rake, you cannot even retype
the subject line once without changing it. Goodbye.<<
Ah...the subject line,what a piece of work is a Mr Mc Catohead,how mighty in the blah blah blah...
I included your entire post,sue me.I just did it again.Send Brittany Spears down here.
Does another aussi suspect declan is a blabbermouth? This just in...START
 >>Subject: Re: Killfile yaada yaada.
 > Hey mate,howareya? Ive got a pressie for ya.Send us your snail.
what pressie?You can work out my snail from list archives if you like.
Especially if declan gives a big hint like he did on your address.
Ralph Wallis <<END
Sure gave fuckwit of the week Peter Trei a big hint.Coupla corporate shills or spooks? probably just fucking idiots drunk from xmas pudding.Good riddance.

@_date: 2002-01-12 01:06:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: POON on PUNKS 
After Genoa,where the black bloc was probably infiltrated by 600 nazi's,and 9-11 that unleashed the jingo monster,many anarchists are casting around for new ways to take down the state.Greenpeace just copped a humungous fine and might also be seaking alternative protest strategies.While all that's going on the Homeland military industrial godzilla is frightening many people and even some lawyers into the crypto-anarchist direction.If you need PGP just to e-mail your kids safely...
All these swirling currents have created a window of opportunity or "sweet spot" for the mass promotion of Cypherpunk approved crypto-anarchy.In the book and series "A force more powerful," the raw power of mass civil disobedience is demonstrated again and again.With the Internet,the fact that you may be a minority in your nation state becomes much less important,security and solidarity become more important,even revolutionary against a divided foe.While the technical advances plateau for a nano-second why don't we all link,agitate,connect,protest,boycott,sabotage,expand,contract,do all we can short of self immolate to get crypto-anarchy out,in,up down and all around.You know it makes sense.
When crypto-anarchy is outlawed only V? PS+++ PE Y+ PGP- t* 5+++ X R* tv b+ DI+ D++ G++>+++ e>++ h-- r++ y+

@_date: 2002-01-12 01:19:26
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cornholing as Contraception. 
GM corn set to stop man spreading his seed
Special report: GM crops debate
Robin McKie, science editor
Sunday    September 9, 2001
The Observer
Scientists have created the ultimate GM crop: contraceptive corn. Waiving fields of maize may one day save the world from overpopulation.
The pregnancy prevention plants are the handiwork of the San Diego biotechnology company Epicyte, where researchers have discovered a rare class of human antibodies that attack sperm.
By isolating the genes that regulate the manufacture of these antibodies, and by putting them in corn plants, the company has created tiny horticultural factories that make contraceptives.
'We have a hothouse filled with corn plants that make anti-sperm antibodies,' said Epicyte president Mitch Hein.
'We have also created corn plants that make antibodies against the herpes virus, so we should be able to make a plant-based jelly that not only prevents pregnancy but also blocks the spread of sexual disease.'
Contraceptive corn is based on research on the rare condition, immune infertility, in which a woman makes antibodies that attack sperm.
'Essentially, the antibodies are attracted to surface receptors on the sperm,' said Hein. 'They latch on and make each sperm so heavy it cannot move forward. It just shakes about as if it was doing the lambada.'
Normally, biologists use bacteria to grow human proteins. However, Epicyte decided to use corn because plants have cellular structures that are much more like those of humans, making them easier to manipulate.
The company, which says it will not grow the maize near other crops, says it plans to launch clinical trials of the corn in a few months.END (See also Germaine Greers Sex and Destiny;review here...

@_date: 2002-01-12 02:46:38
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Public Image Ltd. 
wake up! wake up! It's yer moderate voice of anarchic reason SchNEWS Published in Brighton by Justice? - Brighton's Direct Action collective ISSUE 337, January 11th, 2002 FULL OF MELCHETT "The majority of NGOs and activists do not understand how public relations
firms are helping corporations manipulate them. This is a fundamental
strategic mistake." - Andy Rowell author of Green Backlash. This week Peter Melchett the former head of Greenpeace UK made famous for
helping to trash genetic crops in Norfolk has turned coats and become a
consultant for Burson-Marsteller - the biggest public relations (PR)
company in the world. Ironically Burson-Marsteller (B-M) are the PR Company for the genetic
engineering company Monsanto. They specialise in 'greenwashing' - making
corporations look like they're being nice to the environment when in fact
they're doing the complete opposite. B-M have done PR makeovers for such
nice companies as Union Carbide after the Bhopal gas leak killed up to
15,000 people in India, and Exxon after the Exxon-Valdez oil tanker ran
aground in Alaska causing the worst oil spill in history. They even
defended the 1980's military dictatorship in Argentina that saw 35,000
civilians 'disappear'. Melchett says he isn't compromising his principles as he will choose which
companies to work with (but with the likes of Monsanto, BP, Nestle, Shell,
Unilever, Sainsbury's and British Nuclear Fuels on their books that's some
choice!). But talking to environmentalists is standard a tactic used by PR to green a company's image. Managing Activism, published by the UK
Institute of Public Relations, describes this process, in typical PR speak,
as "two-way symmetrical communications" which "offer a way forward where
the company does not have to give in to activists or persuade them to give
in." And the hiring of activists is described by PR Watch as "a crude but
effective way to derail potentially meddlesome activists." It seems that
Melchett is being led up the genetically modified garden path. CON MERCHANTS "It is easier and less costly to change the way people think about reality
than it is to change reality." - PR adviser Morris Wolfe. The modern PR industry dates back to the 1930s when companies realised they
could use World War I style propaganda to deal with social movements and
unions. PR companies are not interested in facts only images. B-M advise
clients to concentrate on 'stories - not issues' and 'symbols - not logic',
because "...symbols are central to politics because they connect to emotions,
not logic." And these 'symbols' end up being reported in the media as crap
lifestyle stories with the real issues not discussed. This is especially
unsurprising since B-M is in partnership with ITN (Independent Television
News) running the Corporate Television Networks (CTN) - which use ITN staff
and facilities to make promotional videos for business clients - CTN videos
have ended up in ITN broadcasts. When the likes of Melchett give endorsements it makes the stories and
symbols gain credibility with a cynical public. When cash strapped
environmental charities take a few quid from companies, they do little to
further their causes, yet greatly benefit the image of the companies
involved. The WorldWide Fund for Nature accepted $1 million from oil firms
Chevron and BP for a conservation project in Papua New Guinea (between them
BP and Chevron make over $20,000 million profit per year). In return,
leaked documents from Chevron revealed, "WWF will act as a buffer for the
joint venture against ... international environmental criticism." In 2000
WWF held back publication of a damning report on tropical forest
destruction, for fear of upsetting the companies it named. It is not just charities and activists that are used by the PR companies.
There are a whole load of front groups set up to present a different
picture to what environmentalists are saying. In 1989 B-M set up the Global
Climate Coalition to discredit warnings about climate change; people
involved in the Coalition include most of the big oil companies, motor
manufacturers and chemical companies. PR companies also specialise in creating their own grass roots groups. In
North America and Australia this has led to the rise of the Wise Use
Movement. Using campaigning tactics similar to environmental groups they
scare farmers, forestry workers, miners, etc. into thinking that the
environmental movement is out to destroy jobs and ways of life. Thousands
of timber jobs in North America have been lost to automation, economic
rationalisation and export of raw logs, but environmental protection is
used as an easy scapegoat. Behind these groups which present a front of
concerned citizens and workers, are big businesses. For example People For
the West! who claim a membership of 18,000 is funded by 200 companies and
12 of its 13 directors are mining company executives! So how do PR companies deal with yer uncompromising activists? Well it is
that age-old tactic, divide and rule - exploit differences in the movement
by co-opting the more conservative elements and ridiculing the radicals. PR
companies divide activists up into categories such as radicals,
opportunists, idealists and realists. 'Idealists' are educated and
altruistic and should be changed into 'realists' who are willing to work
within the system for change and 'opportunists' are simply careerists who
want jobs and power. So Melchett seems to have migrated from an idealist to
an opportunist. The most problematic group are the 'radicals' who want to
change the system or have underlying political motives, the tactic of the
PR gurus is to isolate the radicals from the support of the realists and
idealists. Labels like extremists and terrorists are attached to anyone who
refuses to compromise or takes effective action. But since PR companies are
not interested in issues, only stories then this sort of doublespeak is
unsurprising. SchNEWS thinks maybe a leaf should be taken out of the PR experts' book and
we should start describing radical capitalists as uncompromising extremists
using terror tactics to destroy the environment and wreck people's lives in
the pursuit of profit.
* Further Info: PR Watch produces a regular bulletins: read 'Global Spin' by Sharon Beder (Green Books) or 'Green Backlash' by
Andy Rowell (Routledge).             WORLD POWER PROPAGANDA
             Burson-Marsteller is the biggest PR company in the
             world, with offices in 32 countries and 1,700
             employees.             B-M is owned by the WPP group, who own 17 other PR
             companies.             Believe it or not but WPP began life as Wire &
             Plastic Products a small British company making
             shopping baskets! In 1985 it was bought up by Martin
             Sorrell, financial director of Saatchi & Saatchi, he
             then acquired lots of marketing and PR companies and
             is now the world's largest communications group with
             a massive ability to influence the way people think.

@_date: 2002-01-12 02:53:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Vital Anarchist Text. 
Hello Friends and comrades: Back in 1979, when I was a prisoner at the federal
penitentiary in Marion, Illinois (USA), I managed to
put together a manuscript for a small booklet called
Anarchism and the Black Revolution, and smuggled it
past prison authorities. It was my 3rd attempt because
every on every other occasion, it was seized when
guards searched my cell, and I was either beaten or
kept in solitary confinement. But, I saw it as an important attempt to steer the
international Anarchist movement around discussions of
building a more diverse movement, dealing with rising
fascist and racist movements of the 1970's and early
1980's, and explaining the tenents of Anarchism to
people of color who had never heard of it. It was my
hope just to cause discussion of these matters, and
also to express my frustrations with the Anarchist
movement of that period's aversion to the Black
liberation/anti-racist movements then unfolding, not
only in the Southern USA, but in the country
generally. Because of my frustration, I had dropped out of
Anarchist organizing when I was released from prison
in 1983. I was deeply hurt that no one had taken to
heart the message of the book, and so began to do
local anti-racist organizing in Tennessee. Somewhere
along the line, a group of Anarchists joined with the
efforts of our anti-police brutality group in
Chattanooga, and I became friends and allies of them
without even knowing this. They had never mentioned
their beliefs in all the years of our association,
until one day I mentioned how disillusioned I was
about Anarchism, and they told me how many young
people, prisoners, and activists had been moved by the
small booklet, that it had been reproduced by hand
xeroxing, and that many all over the world now agreed
with me. They said people had been trying to connect
with me for years. I was astounded to learn this, and through them I
attended an Anarchist event in Philadelphia. Somehow,
I was cajoled (or tricked) to speak, and the room was
full of young people. They were asking for the book,
but I did not have it, so friends at a small Anarchist
press called Monkeywrench Press offered to publish it
for free if I would write a new version. So I rushed
back home and threw myself into doing a revised
version, and they came out with 2,000 copies, which
sold out within six months after I did a Northeastern
college speaking tour. That was in 1994, and I had not
worked on the book since. I had xeroxed thousands of
copies and sold them all over the world, due to the
demand for it everywhere I speak. I am always being asked when I would do a new version,
on one occasion, the Wooden Shoe Bookstore offered to
print a new copy, but I was not ready. I was under
severe pressure from the state of Tennessee because of
my years of activism, and went through a number of
criminal trials right after the revised book was
printed and released. I did not have writer's block, I
was fighting for my life. It is only now I am living
in Michigan, under different circumstances, have I
found the desire to write again. Late last year, I submitted a book grant proposal to
the Insitute for Anarchist Studies in New York City to
help me re-write and publish a 3rd edition of
Anarchism and the Black Revolution. I do not know if
they will in fact give me the grant, but it will be
for a small amount ($2,000) and this will not be
enough for printing the book if I am forced to
self-publish it. I also do not know if Anarchist
publishing houses would be interested in publishing
it, due to disagreements with me personally or
disapproval of the book's central premise. Because I cannot depend on anyone to actually publish
it, I am asking for the help of Anarchists who were
influenced by the book, and would like to see a new
edition. I would like for you to help me raise some of
the thousands of dollars to a printing house after the
manuscript is completed this Spring or early Summer.
Here is what I would like you to do: 1. Hold benefit concerts, t-shirt sales, and other
events. beg your friends and others for money 2. Print this notice in your newspaper, newsletter or
online journal. 3. pre-order the book, it will have a list price of
$12.95, and will be $10.00 for volume sales of 10
copies or more. If your or your collective send in
hundreds or thousands of dollars, we will consider it
a volume sale and in send a bunch of book off to you
when printed. 4. Write letters to Anarchist publishing houses that
you know of to buy copies. I cannot send copies for
consignment just yet, need money to get started. In
fact, your letters might even convince one of them to
print the book, so all I have to do is write it. 5. Invite me to bookfairs all over the world to sell
books and publicize the printing. This is very
important to let people know about the new publishing
of the book, as well as let them know for our need of
money now and pre-order deal. I am sure other folks have their own ideas as to how
to help, and believe me, I am very glad for your help.
Please contact me at the address below: Lorenzo Komboa Ervin
The Rest of the News
P.O. Box 19962
Kalamazoo, MI. 49019-0962
komboa at yahoo.com,
(or Komboa at hotmail.com, if that mailbox is full)
I have a treasured hand tied black binding and all,70's edition.This pamphlet is DY-NO-MYTE! An anarchist must have.

@_date: 2002-01-12 03:18:31
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Kanadian Kolonization by Krapeaters. 
Canada, Skwelkwek'welt Update
Here is a chronology of what has happened at Skwekwek'welt (in Secwepemc
Territory, "bc, kanada") in the last 2 months:
November 4, 2001 - Lorne Dunn of the Sun Peaks Snowmobile Tours drives his
snowmobile into MacGillvray Lake and deliberately creates a situation
blaming Native youth for assaulting his son.  No investigation was held nor
were any charges laid.
November 8, 2001- Attorney General Geoff Plant discontinues talks with Chief
Arthur Manuel citing high tensions in the Skwelkwekwelt area and blaming
Secwepemc for the tension, he cites, the snowmobile incident at MacGillvray
November 16, 2001 - Seizure notice is delivered to Secwepemc at MacGillvray
Lake and Skwelkwekwelt Protection Center.  Police use extreme force and
violence to arrest three youth at MacGillvray and issue warrant for two
December 3 and 5, 2001 - Judge Beames hears injunction application by Sun
Peaks Resort and British Columbia Government.  Judge Beam9s rules in favor
of Sun Peaks and the B. C. Government ruling that they would be more harmed
by Secwepemc occupation of their lands. Secwepemc are forbidden for
occupying an area at MacGillvray Lake and the base area of the Sun Peaks
December 10, 2001 - Attorney General Geoff Plant and Minister of Sustainable
Development Stan Hagan order the removal of the Skwelkwekwelt Protection
Center and the demolition of a Secwepemc family home and two sweatlodges at
MacGillvray Lake.
Reid Tate of Kamloops RCMP order huge snow blockades on the road east of
MacGillvray Lake to prevent Secwepemc from returning to the site.
December 28, 2001 - Two Secwepemc Elders, one 73 years old and one 75 years
old; three Secwepemc women, and one youth are arrested and charged in a road
block on road to Sun Peaks Resort.
Secwepemc People are still resisting the destruction of their traditional
territory for the expansion of the Sun Peaks ski resort.
Contact them for more info or to support their struggle:
Skwelkwek'welt Protection Centre
c/o Janice Billy, Neskonlith Band, Box 608, Chase, Secwepemc Territory "bc,
kanada" V0E 1M0
jrbilly at mail.ocis.net
Chief Art Manuel c/o Neskonlith Band, Box 608, Chase, Secwepemc Territory
"bc, kanada" V0E 1M0 Cell: 250-314-7179, Band: 250-679-3295,

@_date: 2002-01-12 04:00:08
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Toads Walkinshaw."To dry for rats." 
Cane toads found in Alice
 From AAP
A SECOND cane toad has been found in Alice Springs within a month.
The Northern Territory Parks and Wildlife Commission today warned motorists to beware of toads hitching a ride, accelerating the spread of the toxic pest.
The two toads were found in suburban gardens, the commission's principal wildlife scientist Tony Bowland said.
While the toads could become established in water holes on the Alice Springs golf course and the Ilparpa artificial swamp, they could not survive the freezing desert winter, Dr Bowland said.
The main concern was that toads would reach Darwin and Western Australia's Kimberley region years earlier by hitching rides than they would by hopping.
"They're very rugged animals and they can travel long distances wrapped up in a swag or in a crate," Dr Bowland said.
He said both of the toads found in Alice Springs must have been brought in by road. The second toad was found close to a road transport business.
"They were in pretty good nick. They didn't look like they'd just hopped 1500km from Queensland or the top end," Dr Bowland said.
He could not speculate how many more there might be in Alice Springs, a town too dry for rats to survive.
Any damage cane toads caused to the native desert fauna would be short-term.
"They might establish in Alice Springs in the very short term but we're pretty sure the bitterly cold winters we get around here would nail them," Dr Bowland said.
The presence of cane toads was confirmed in Kakadu National Park in March last year. They are expected to reach Darwin as early as the present wet season. They are also well established on the northern reaches of the Stuart Highway around Katherine and Mataranka.

@_date: 2002-01-12 04:34:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Photo of mysterious "Proffr" 
You'll have to hack into victorian motorbike and car license database for me but theres a cute little rattus australis here
Soldering on: laser fusion changes microsurgery
  Sew far so good ... Professor Owen with leg-transplant rat. Photo: Nick Moir
By Claire O'Rourke
A new technique to join body tissue without stitches looks likely to revolutionise microsurgical procedures, reducing the time needed to perform Clinical trials of laser solder fusion, led by an Australian  surgeon,  Earl Owen, will begin this year.
If the attempts are successful, the method would radically change microsurgery, which is used to rejoin and transplant limbs, reverse vasectomies and restore severed nerves.
Professor Owen, the medical director of the Microsearch Foundation of Australia, said the time taken to join an artery would be reduced from 45 minutes to two using the new technique, with less scarring and trauma.
"It's an enormous advance to pop on a solder and cure it with a laser beam in a matter of seconds," he said.
The technique involves welding tissues together using strips of protein fused by laser. It has been tested on rats, rabbits, sheep, pigs and greyhounds over the past five years.
Today marks two years since the first double hand transplant, on 33-year-old Frenchman Denis Chatelier.
Mr Chatelier, who suffered the injuries when a home-made firework exploded, now has the co-ordination to make toys with his new hands.
"These people have convinced themselves long before [they have the operation] that they must have their body part restored," Professor Owen said.
Eleven people have had hand transplants in France, Italy, Austria, the US, China and Malaysia, with the success of the world's first hand transplant patient, Clint Hallam, paving the way for double hand transplants.
Hallam had the limb amputated in February last year, after he stopped taking anti-rejection medication. He is the only patient to have a transplanted hand removed.
But all was not lost when Hallam refused to continue his medication. Doctors were able to study the effects of rejection and how it can be As part of ongoing research, white rats are transplanted with limbs from black rats because they are the least compatible, enabling more effective testing of anti-rejection, or immunosuppressive, drugs.
Based in Lane Cove, the Microsearch Foundation of Australia is funded entirely by donation, and has never received government assistance since it started 25 years ago.
"We don't get funded anything like we should ...  as we're a small country with too much excellence than the Government can support," Professor Owen said.
If they reverse my vasectomy faustine and I...

@_date: 2002-01-12 04:37:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hard as a Rocco. 
Breillat brilliance
  Controversial and confronting . . . novelist and film-maker Catherine Breillat and, below, a scene from an earlier work, Romance.
It's hard to ruffle the French where sex is concerned. Unless you're Catherine Breillat.
By John Baxter
Love is the road to hell", says French novelist and film-maker Catherine Breillat in a sound bite of the sort that has made her famous.
This autumn, Breillat, pronounced  "Brey-ah", 52, black-maned and mocking, stares from almost every magazine cover, TV screen and Web site in France. Her new novel, Pornocratie, is exciting controversy, her latest feature, @ Ma Soeur (To My Sister), has just opened in England after considerable success in France and the United States, and she's just won a prize in Zurich for her TV film Brhve Traversie (Brief Crossing), about a sexual encounter on a cross-Channel ferry between a French boy and an older English woman.
In Pornocratie, a woman takes home a male gay from a disco in a calculated attempt to get a truly dispassionate opinion of the way she looks and acts from someone who can't possibly be interested in her sexually. Admirers of Breillat recognise the self-doubt about her attractiveness that has suffused her life and work.
Like her earlier novels and the screenplays for Une Vraie Jeune Fille, 36 Fillette, Dirty as an Angel, Perfect Love and Romance, Pornocratie depicts the sex drive the way an amputee might think of a severed limb  - as an unpleasant but unignorable element that influences the way others perceive you and which, from time to time, torments you with an unassuageable itch.
Driven, it seems, by feelings of low self-esteem dating back to her dumpy adolescence, Breillat returns repeatedly to the theme of transcendence; the body forgetting itself in the throes of intercourse. As she told  The Guardian recently,  "To make love is not just to have the pleasure of flesh, but to have the pleasure of flesh escaping flesh. The  sexual act involves a mental transfiguration, too." Part of that transfiguration lies in forgetting that you are being watched and judged.
"Real sex is a kind of divine abandon," she says, "during which everything achieves a sort of grace. That grace turns into abandon; you find your way back to your real self, no longer mutilated by others staring at you. I believe that we are born radiant, but that others mutilate us with their staring; that we are in a society which has mutilated the grace of movement."
Whether or not the French have mutilated sex by a tendency to stare is a point much debated, though nobody denies that  France, not for nothing christened "the woman of Europe", finds sex a matter of compelling interest. Praising the Franco-German cable channel Arte for funding Brhve Traversie and the other films in the series Masculin/Feminin, Breillat called the chain "an ally of desire". But one could attach that label to almost any arm of the French media. Thanks to TV, billboards and magazines, the French are confronted at every turn with rounded bums and pert breasts, grappling couples and sexual innuendo - all to sell mineral water, car insurance, even the high-speed TGV train.
Most nights, they can catch an X-rated movie on TV, even if they don't subscribe to one of the all-porn cable channels. The five  free   networks stick to soft-core, but some cable channels, even the prestigious Canal Plus,  broadcast a Saturday night slab of what they call in  France  "le hard".
The fact that there is A Lot Of It About affects the whole of French society. Sex is simply too large a segment of the national culture to leave room for Victorian pudeur, adolescent ignorance, Hollywood sentimentality or PC complaints about  "commodifying the body".
In any debate on this subject, Breillat will usually have something to say. She's the acceptable face of erotica (a word she despises), a distinction won by conspicuous valour in the battle between the sexes. Podgy in adolescence and voluptuous in her 20s,  she's on the chunky side these days, with a tendency to "arrange herself", as one reporter wrote, "like a stately boxer. Her shoulders  are broad. Her jaw is wide. She looks like a woman capable of absorbing a mountain of shocks." Breillat accentuates this with a characteristic slouch,   elbows on thighs or hands on knees, as if ready to launch herself in an instant at a critic's throat.
While her films may not be entirely autobiographical, audiences draw their own conclusions from her recurring plot of an overweight adolescent with a throbbing libido whose sexual adventurism ends in anything from despair to violent death.
Catherine and her prettier sister Marie-Hilhne learnt about sex from liberal parents who gave them the Marquis de Sade and Lautriamont to read. The girls also, if Catherine's films are to be trusted, indulged in some precocious experiment. In 36 Fillette (the title refers to a dress size), the overweight heroine captivates an older lover, while in @ Ma Soeur, the dumpy sister has sex with an older man while the more glamorous one watches and learns.
Perhaps because of her own complex sexual initiation, Breillat condemns the calisthenics of TV-ad erotica and the acrobatics of le hard, both of which, she feels, give impressionable adolescents a false picture of sex. Porn she dismisses as offering  "a sort of occult sex education for the young - terrifying and completely inauthentic". Children should be left to discover sex for themselves, as she did.  "Must we banish sexual education?" Le Monde asked her.  "Absolutely," she replied.  "Perhaps sexuality is important. But children must learn about it alone and, above all, without us 'transmitting' our own experience."
Catherine's first novel, L'homme Facile (The Easy Man),  described how readily a girl, even a plain, fat one, can seduce men if she puts her mind to it. Censors banned its sale to anyone under 18, ironically making it illegal for Breillat, then only 17, to buy her own book. Since then, she's scorned the very idea of censorship, suspecting another stratagem in the sex war.  Libertarians were startled at last year's Edinburgh Film Festival when she dismissed film censorship as  "a male preoccupation" and suggested that the X certificate was  "linked  to the X chromosome" - a major signifier of maleness.
By her 20s, Breillat was writing screenplays for films as diverse as Federico Fellini's And the Ship Sails On, Maurice Pialat's introspective cop story Police, and Bilitis, directorial debut of David Hamilton, king of the budding-breasts-and-muslin school of photography. She had a small acting role in Last Tango in Paris and acted in a few films with Marie-Hilhne, while the two, off screen, accumulated almost as sensational a reputation as those other high-stepping movie sisters, FranGoise Dorliac and Catherine Deneuve.
Marie-Hilhne contracted a stormy marriage with Edouard Molinaro, director of La Cage Aux Folles, then went into near-seclusion, only re-emerging in the past few years. Catherine married a Parisian publisher, as much, it seems, for his looks as for anything else, and had two children with him. In case anyone, particularly her sister, doubted he was a  "catch", Breillat and spouse posed nude for a series of magazine photographs.
In 1975, she directed her first film, Une Vraie Jeune Fille. With deceptive simplicity, it followed a girl returning from boarding school to spend the summer with her parents. Being Breillat, however, the holiday is anything but an idyll. The girl's father has incestuous designs on his daughter, which she, if not exactly welcoming, at least connives at. She becomes obsessed with a worker in her father's factory, incorporating him into sexual fantasies which become more fevered the more he rejects her.
The film was banned in France, though it's recently been dusted off and released, to no particular furore. We've come a long way since then.
Just how far was dramatised by the sarcastically named Romance.  Its heroine, Marie, dotes on her photo-model husband, Paul, even though he refuses to make her pregnant and finally even to have sex, arguing that it makes him look tired on camera. She might have endured this had Paul not also been, to put it delicately, genitally challenged.
Embarking on a crash course in sexual discovery, Marie picks up a friendly foreigner in a cafe. Experiments with bondage, anonymous sex and anal rape follow, until, finally pregnant, she bombs the family apartment, building and husband going up in smoke as the baby is born.
In secret, Breillat hired Italian porn star Rocco Siffredi to play the well-hung stranger, a fact that scandalised the industry when it became public. For all the supposed freemasonry of showbiz, a "Gentlemen v Players" mentality still prevails and, whatever else they may be, porn performers are not, and cannot ever be, in the eyes of  the profession, real actors.
Caroline Ducey, who played Marie, didn't know Siffredi's identity until he walked on the set for their first scene, and was so spooked that  she fled at the end of that day's shooting and hasn't worked for Breillat since. Romance, on the other hand, launched Siffredi as a media star in France. He can now be seen on the sides of buses, advertising mobile phones.
Breillat is unrepentant about her sexual iconoclasm, which she regards as essential if she is to conserve her sense of self.  "I believe that 80 per cent of our selves is made up of the way other people look at us," says Breillat - which, in a culture like that of France, is probably true.
There are few countries where people are so ready to look and evaluate for themselves rather than listen and learn from others. A few years ago, a Parisian couple tried explaining sex to their pre-teen son and daughter. After a few minutes, the 12-year-old boy stopped them.  "Look, it's all too complicated," he said.  "Next time you do it, just give us a call. We'll come and watch."

@_date: 2002-01-12 05:38:26
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Johansen charged in Norway 
Loud sound of slamming barn doors.Norway as a nation must have terminal Scandinavian suicidal angst.
It is the middle of winter.
Please supply address's for immediate PAP(peoples assassination politics) smears to be made of these raindeer meatball eaters.
Do they know we have black belt karate experts? I may resemble a Beverley hills ninja myself but I NEVER get stockholm syndrome.
Its nearly mosquito season if we can rush release our Marburgquito?
Turn a cool zone into a hot one.
They'll all look like edvard Munch by the time we get through with them.
This is a sign...anyone who's seen,carpenters, "the Thing" can see that.
They can all be safely murdered as they haven't  been evolutionarily necessary since Derek the viking.Mays great grand parents were expelled for fornicating with mangy seals and spitting on the smorgasbord.
The only decent spot in this fiord infested shithole is Troll wall,where the lemmings run free and the aryan nazi wannabees will be tossed off.What else can be expected from a Quisling country? Kill the president and everyone in Norway.mattd.

@_date: 2002-01-12 07:13:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Last Rites for Joshua. 
Last rites for joshua.
Jeff looked up as his son left for school,little did he realize that was the last time he
would ever see his son happy and alive.He was running a bit late that day having been up late exchanging
e-mail and moderating a new subversive website.His work involved infiltrating and then COINTELPROing
extremist fringe groups that sometimes looked like they might pose a threat to the GOVT.
He got the ransom note that night as his wife prowled back and forth shaking and bursting into
tears every few minutes.
It came in the form of an anonymous e-mail that gave a remailer as the return adress.It said,
"We want you to come to GPS co-ordinates such and such.At this time.You may be observed.any trails
or tricks,josh dies,You saw dirty harry? This is that.any slip ups josh dies.Get it,got it,good."
The next 1 hour was a nightmare for the bulky unfit agent as he was given the run around,the
city.Once he thought he was to late for one phone box call and he had a moment where he thought he
was having a aneurysm.
The phone rang and shocked him back to the black reality of the moment.The police that had been
trailing him were long gone.The instructions were simple,take the pill taped under the bench down
by the river then walk slowly up to a nearby bridge.He did as he was told.The river water was
freezing,his fillings ached.He remembered the bridge though he didn't quite make it before
he nodded off falling onto some wet grass was his last memory.
The memories since recovered with hypnosis indicate that Jeff woke up next to his son.There
followed some periods where various requests were made by masked men to josh and then jeff.
These requests were similar to those made on prisoners of bosnian and croation serbs at first.
The sessions were interrupted by long periods of total darkness when josh and jeff were forced
by Alsatians into separate pits.By then both were missing fingernails,hair,toes,ears,teeth and large patches of skin.
They culminated in jeffs testicles being bitten off by his
own son.After one recovery period jeff was told ordered to turn his son on a spit.Jeff noticed
through a red haze that joshua was impaled from his anus to his collar bone.He was awake but
seemed to exhausted to scream as he was slowly lowered onto the hot coals.
On jeffs refusal  a large bucket with drifting dry ice mist was wheeled in.Jeffs entire
right arm was forced into this container as the hungry Alsatians circled.As soon as his arm
emerged it was struck a violent blow.Jeff felt no pain and even little emotion as his entire
forearm shattered into crystalline pieces.He knew now he had to turn his son on the spit (to be cont)

@_date: 2002-01-12 07:42:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Prosperity through punishment (was Re: more on procmail is 
>>...the real fun part is that Nature is publishing a pro-AP article, elevating it to the level of "science". That poor sod in jail was just doing applied science, no ? Of course that people would pay to punish. (agent Gordon pay attention now !) 9 out of 10 cpunk list subscribers ("The Movement") would contribute, if assured of anonymity, up to $100 to have baby bush's brain aerosoled. 7 out of 10 would pay the same amount to have it done to any TV personality. Show me the working double-blind bit-cash and I'll show you the world full of extremely polite people.<<
As you seem to feel safe in your anonymity why don't you join my pledge drive to have richard armitage retired?
2 soft drill dollars and you double the prize pool.Some bottomless transvestite stripper might do it,next time he spills his
drink; for 4 whole dollars Id might do it myself,he's like ariel "wide target"Sharon.Dum Dums will do ya.
Thinning out the scientologist celebrity pool would be fun and generate mucho PR.10$ toward revolting cruise missile!
Ill renew my offer on AG,even double it! Forget exactly but its about 125$ US or barter units of money.
Hawala payments only now but Quantum/satellite/ e-BUMs are close,so close.
Mass actions possible on USAma,surely! (my 2c)
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments?" James Dalton Bell.The 1st real crypto-anarchist and still the best.

@_date: 2002-01-13 06:00:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Burning down Peter Trei, spammeister,liar and coward. 
Im glad you like Ockam's razor pete,its almost as good as Ockers razor.That's the one that's going to remind this list
every time you post that you exposed another list member to a parole officer's bust.
That this may have been accidental stupidity is what Ockams tells me.
That it was Peter Treis eugenics experiment as treacherous and slimy as they come is what Ockers razor tells me.
The punishment should be a straight razor across the throat in either case.
I'm complaining to your company about you spamming this list as well.I hope you get the sack.All women working there
should be aware of you,that's clear.
Crawl back under your rock,Trei,go die.

@_date: 2002-01-13 07:35:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: more on procmail is not mattd's friend! 
>>Cover traffic. --
"Those without creative minds and agile fingers are of course
welcome to hurry up with my fries. And they'll probably use
a GUI to take my order, too."
- Tom Christiansen<<
That the remailers can be hassled about and allows mass revenge spamming here,Does petro have a creative mind?
He seems to be customer for the CATO burger chain.
When the Earth is sick, the animals will begin to disappear, when that happens, The
Warriors of the Rainbow will come to save them.
~Chief Seattle ~

@_date: 2002-01-13 08:09:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Israel Kills Palestinian Boys For Organs!!! 
Portnoys Complaint
Its been known that the Israeli criminal snipers use dum dums and aimed to disable permanently so if they decided to harvest some organs it would be no huge extension.It might be preferable to be killed outright rather than live as para/quadraplegic in a police state thats looking more like the old Apartheid horrorshow everyday.Targeted action against 'wide target' sharon is clearly urgently needed.(my 0.02c) I wonder when the base will discover APster? The least hierachic should inherit the earth.Do we have any arabic translators in the house?
This story reminds me of China recently where the organ donor,a convicted criminal shot in the back of the head,was still moving as the incision to remove his kidney was made.That monty python skit in the meaning of life looks more like a documentary these days.Did you sign this organ donor release form?We're here for your liver.

@_date: 2002-01-13 08:27:05
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FREE JIM BELL GROUP INVITATION. 
Cypherpunks special projects seeks all interested in investigating all avenues for the freedom of comrade Bell.
"You could create a lottery. A lottery whose payoff was a reward to the person who came closest to predicting the time of death of a given government official."
"They knew I wasn't planning to kill federal agents", Bell said this month. "They were scared because I had written something that shows a way to eliminate government. They were afraid I could convince the public that I could replace existing government for no more than a 10th or 20th of its current cost."
"Imagine for a moment that, as ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they see an act by a government employee or officeholder that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust or misuses the powers that they feel should be limited. What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount. If 0.1 percent of the population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government slimeball dead, that would be in effect, a $250,000 bounty on his head."
I think that one last (temporary) hope for government is to delay AP. Chances are good that the "think tank" decided that the best way to delay AP is to discredit me, its author. It was a desperate gamble, particularly because the act of harassing me automatically gives AP more publicity. That's the reason they will fail; the more they try to "get" me, the worse it will be for them." He wants it noted that his writing and discussions of AP ideas are in the sense of a "prediction", a "warning", or even a "vision", not an advocacy of it.

@_date: 2002-01-13 08:39:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Amerika Uber Alles  
Amerika Uber Alles (Again)
by Manuel Miles
Note to anti-police-state/antiwar activists everywhere: the "new
McCarthyism" is nothing new, as its name might even suggest.  It's as Amerikan as apple flag and The Pie.  The USA has been a goose-stepping,
imperial state since at least the early nineteenth century, and it's not the
first state of its kind in history either; not by a long shot.
Witch hunting, as its name also suggests, is not a new practice in the USA.
The Salem trials were the instrument of statist mass hysteria of their day.
History then hurls the Alien-Sedition Act at us, followed by the Trail of
Tears, Lincoln's mass imprisonment of dissenters and dissolution of the
legal government of Maryland, the persecution of German-Americans in Part
One of the World War and of the Japanese-Americans in Part Two, Joe McCarthy
and the House Un-American Activities Committee, the left/right coalition
against them dirty hippie peaceniks during the War Against Viet Nam, and
numerous other rounds of totalitarian terror campaigns which I haven't the
time and space to even summarise because it's the entire history of the USA.
So wake up and smell the decaf; this is no change of direction or sudden
loss of imagined freedoms which the Imperial USA State never deigned to
grant its serfs in the first place.  A slight lessening of the harassment of
dissenters occurs when the Empire is not feeling either particularly
rambunctious or particularly threatened, but as soon as it hits one of its
expansionist peaks, the pretence and the gloves both come off.  Both wings
of the Empire's ruling oligarchy have dropped their masks recently, much to
the apparent astonishment of Libertarians and peaceniks who should not have
been surprised in the least.
First, it was "discovered" with great cries of shock that liberals were
suddenly become gung-ho warmongers, as if there were no historical record of
Wilson, FDR and LBJ--all three of whom had campaigned as "peace candidates"!
Next came the "shocking revelation" that the so-called neo-cons were
actually not opposed to massive expansion of government powers (even in the
domestic arena of education where Bush, with the collaboration of a major
Democratic Senator, is poised to sign the biggest, most expensive
federal-interference-in-education bill in US history).  As for the absurd
self-deluding hopes that the neo-cons would actually oppose imperial wars of
expansion, the recent bloodthirsty, fascistic positions of the fifth
columnist "libertarian/neo-con" Cato Institute and Free[sic]Republic have
revealed any such pipe dreams to be just so much political opium smoke.
Now, all over the Internet, one can read of how shocked the naive among the
antiwar forces are.  This doesn't speak well for how well we have educated
ourselves, especially in world and USA history.  I can only conclude that
too many of the younger generation of Liberty-lovers have not read enough
history and that, worse still, we older ones have not bothered to educate
Look for that to change.  We need a massive, ongoing "teach-in" for
ourselves and the rest of society as well, and I am starting it.  Your first
assignment, peaceniks, is to read MANY histories of Rome.  If you fail to
see the parallels to the Amerikan Empire (and all others), then you should
drop out of the school of Liberty; you belong with the fifth columnists at
the Cato Institute for Imperial War and Expansion.
For those who want to read ahead, after you have done your research into
ancient Rome, try reading actual USA history.  Surprisingly enough, there is
some of it out there, buried among the gloss-overs and paeans to the glory
of the Imperial State(s).  If you have any desire to be nostalgic for the
wonderful American past of freedom and opportunity, etc., etc., blah, blah,
blah, then you had better not poke your nose into the snake pit that is
historical Amerika.
Consider this to be fair warning; more will follow.
January 10, 2002
Manuel Miles, aka Kaptain Kanada, is a politically incorrect writer from
Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.  He is rude, nasty, intolerant, insensitive,
hateful, hurtful, and proud of it. If something he writes hurts your
sensitive New Age feelings, don't bother to whine to him about it; he
doesn't care.  He is a self-professed enemy of the state, and his personal
goal is "...to die fighting for Liberty.

@_date: 2002-01-13 08:44:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: VIVA Agentina LIBRE! 
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina  Rioters ransacked banks, destroyed ATM machines
and set fires across downtown Buenos Aires early Friday after a night of
street protests against a government freeze on bank deposits turned violent.
We are all Argentineans. The IMF-backed policies in
Argentina closely resemble the notorious Rogernomics
policies inflicted on Aotearoa by the Lange Labour
government and the succeeding Bolger regime and
consolidated by todays fake left Clark-Anderton government. In both Argentina and Aotearoa, these free
business-knows-best policies caused mass redundancies,
greatly impaired social services with spending cuts,
and drove down the average wage. In both Argentina and
Aotearoa, a small minority of the population benefited
massively from the impoverishment of the rest. The
struggle in Argentina is our struggle.Listening Mr Mc Catohead?

@_date: 2002-01-13 08:49:23
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The National Guard.Know your enemy. 
Send in the National Guard
Few people realize that the National Guard was a late 19th
century device invented to "deal with" so called civil
disturbances, also known as labor movements. The Guard was
created to solve a problem: local cops could not reliably be
counted on to brutalize strikers.
The railroad strike of 1877 which created vast protests
nationwide highlighted the need for an internal, federal
anti-labor army.
Membership in the Guard was originally WASP only (Irish,
Italians and Poles were not to be trusted) and staffing came
from the "upper crust" of society. You'll note that most
armories from the founding era of the National Guard are
located "uptown" in affluent neighborhoods. Elite members
saw the armories as their last refuge in case of a class war
which in the late 19th century was threatening to boil over
at any minute.
The question "would an American shoot a fellow American?" is
not a recent one and it was determined over 100 years ago
that yes, he would - and should if ordered.
"Speaking at the annual convention of the Wisconsin National
Guard in 1884, Colonel Charles King advised his fellow
officers in a riot. 'Do not shoot until you have to, but
when you shoot, shoot to kill"; he also spoke of the
Milwaukee mobs, 'on whom it might be a municipal blessing to
A member of 19th Regiment of Pennsylvania summed up his
understanding of his responsibilities this way:
"It'll be a hard thing for me to shoot into a crowd of men
who are bound to me by all the ties of human interest and
friendship, but when I have my uniform on and the command of
'Fire' is given, I will shoot."
These quotes come from "America's Armories" a book by Robert
M. Fogelson, Professor of Urban Studies at MIT in a book
published by Harvard University Press.
Tyrants have a real problem when it comes to the challenge
of getting otherwise decent people, men sworn to uphold the
law, to commit atrocities against their own people. It's a
problem, but not an insurmountable one. The solution, I'm
afraid, is simple: deliberately put the law enforcers in
harm's way (or create the illusion that they are in harm's
way) and let nature take its course.
A heavily armed force, strained, disoriented, and then
threatened will "defend" itself with force and once the
bullets start flying it's impossible to take them back and
hard to cool things down.
Take Kent State. It is a little known fact that the troops
sent to Kent State to put down what amounted to little more
than college hijinks at the demand of a paranoid and
politically connected university president, were transferred
to the campus straight from the burning streets of Detroit
where they had regularly come under real gun fire in one of
the most destructive riots in US history. The real problem in Kent State was not an anti-war protest, by the way, but a
riot that occurred the previous weekend that had more to do
with heavy drinking and spring fever than politics. It was
*after* the shootings that the Guard then became an
occupation force on the campus, imposing the equivalent of
martial law.
Take Tiananmen Square. When local forces would not act
against the pro-democracy forces and in fact showed outright
support of them, *rural* troops, many of whom had never seen
a big city, were brought in. Carefully controlled as to the
information they received, the imported troops were told
that the protestors were led by dangerous foreigners who
wanted to enslave the country. As a finishing touch, they
were warned that the square was filled with all sorts of
contagious disease and were advised to wear surgical masks
and given "inoculations" right before the assault. The
inoculations contained amphetamines which added to the
country-raised soldiers terror as they were propelled into
what they were told was a square of assassins and violent
Take Chile. The most stable and democratic country in South
America, suddenly the scene of a anti-civilian blood bath.
Why? A carefully orchestrated psychological warfare
campaign, that included assassinations of uncooperative
military leaders, convinced the military that if they did
not eliminate "the Left," the Left in Chile was actively
making plans to eliminate them violently and replace them with a people's militia. A fable, but it was believed and
acted upon.
Even in a small riot in a US city, in order to get large
numbers of police to behave viciously, the information given
to them must be carefully controlled and they must be put in
a situation where they are convinced that *they* are in
danger and is kill or be killed.
That's how it will happen here. Currently, National Guard
members are being conditioned to project authority over
average citizens in every day activities, in airports, in
train stations, in bus stations. They are also, no doubt,
being told that *everyone* is suspect and that anyone, at
any time can suddenly 'snap' in the service of Osama bin
Laden. Guys with funny shoes. Patriotic, good hearted kids
in air planes. I expect soon we'll see a grandma join in.
That's why I find the following story about the Iowa
National Guard's ambitious training campaign so interesting.
Some quotes:
"... officers will be making their presence known around
town as part of their terrorist training.
"... the exercises are meant to serve as a reminder to
Iowans. That attacks could happen here and we all need to be
better prepared".
I agree. We all need to be better prepared.

@_date: 2002-01-13 18:23:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: VIVA Agentina LIBRE! 
>>mattd and all the other pinkos and commies<<
I'm an anarchist you dickhead,one who doesnt like pinko commies and doesn't trust ex-trotskyshits like you.
 >>think this is the
second coming of the communist revolution.<<
More crap from a professional crap artist specializing in Spain.See archive's last few weeks.I think it falls into the category of "collapse of Govts."and Tim Mays silence speaks volumes.
 >>In actual fact what happened is the umpteenth Argentinian
president in the last couple of weeks issued a ringing
denunciation of capitalism,<<
Maybe the one reason he is still El presidente for life.
 >>and then told the Argentinians
that in order to save them from capitalism, he was going to
confiscate their dollars and replace them with nonconvertible
pesos. <<
Some C/punks have come here suggesting we switch to e-dollars.The Euro and Peso conversions are fascinating.
 >>When the Argentinians understood just how they were
going to be protected from the evils of capitalism, their
enthusiasm for these measures diminished considerably. <<
We seem to have similar problems with untracable e-cash.Very interesting,go on.
 >>As we speak, while the Argentinian government is implementing
all sorts of half assed socialist measures,<<
Que? Such as,oh brilliant one.(I cover the waterfront.)
 >>the Argentinian
public, whatever their views on politics in theory, <<
There is a long tradition of anarchism in Argentina going way back,its worth searching for.Viva l'anarqia!
 >>are as
individuals implementing the most radical free market cure
for their problems: Dollarization. <<
In South America many see this is synonymous with Yankee Imperialism.Jamesd's touching concern for the Govt and wealthy is noted.
 >>The situation in
Argentina is akin to the situation in the Soviet Union
shortly before the fall, in that socialism is being
dismantled in practice without regard to government policy.<<
So we will see robber barons and their private armies take over,billions to be streamed through offshore banks into US and Swiss accounts? Thanks for the heads, up oh brilliant one.
 >>If, as seems likely, the Argentinian economy makes an
unplanned and prohibited coversion from pesos to dollars, in
defiance of government policy, the likely result is that the
value of the peso will drop to zero. --digsig
James A. Donald<<
Collapse of Govt predicted by jamesd.the new Cypherpunk seer.We must learn porto/spanish and popularize our e-cash ASAP.Thank you,oh brilliant one.Only if you ever call me a commie again Ill break your bolo's.

@_date: 2002-01-13 20:13:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Nazi's bolt more,Dukeing it out in York. 
Neonazis run out of York by Baltimore IMC
11:16pm Sat Jan 12 '02
Black bloc and the working class (black, white, puerto rican, jewsish, men, women, young and old) kick the nazis out of York.
Anti-racists showed up early morning in York, scouting locations and smashing all the white supremacist vehicles they could find with small scuffles with any white supremacists they could find.
The black bloc marched around for awhile, found some hammerskins in a parking lot and scuffled before the police divided the two groups. Everyone went around the corner and there the Nazis were held for about 3 hours during Hale's speech (which people opposed to Hale form York took up
much of the space so that nazis couldn't attend, rumored that it got so crowded the cops shut the meeting down and pushed everyone back to the street). People chanted and yelled, and a few people were arrested after some snowballs were thrown.
When the library emptied out, that's when we saw more National Alliance people like Bill Roper and Erica Hardwick. All this time the anti-racist side continues to swell as it is joined by the working class in all the
diversity that is in York: black, white, puerto rican, jewsish, men, women, young and old.
When the white supremacists tried to leave as the police protected their exit, local kids led folks through an alley (York is a maze of alleys, they are everywhere), to confront the nazis. The nazis got beat on for awhile before the cops were able to come to their defense. They push everyone back (the bloc is now dissolved throughout the community), and police attacks and arbitrary arrests of black bloc and York locals continues to piss off the crowd and build solidarity. A black blocker had her arm broken (or atleast severly injured) in this confrontation, but the
anti-racists dished out more damage than they took.
At this point everyone is in the parking lot where the Hammerskins originally carpooled, and the police had abandonded it to protect the nazis. Many of the vehicles are adorned with confederate and other white power stickers in their windows, those windows don't last much longer as the black bloc begins to demolish them. The cops make several charges to clear the lot to allow nazis to get to their vandalized trucks. Again the cops continue arbitrary arrests even harassing the medics, which really turns the crowd against them. Most of the easy exits from the parking lot are blocked by clumps of protestors. Repeated efforts by the cops to clear a path through the crowd fail.
Eventually, the police have the nazis trying to escape down an alley. Local crews lead the black bloc the way through alleys to catch the nazis at the other end. At one of these alleyways one of the nazis trys to run down the crowd with his white pickup truck hitting atleast one person
(black bloc, sprained shoulder by He's doing well :), possibly others, including a young local girl which again really pisses of the locals. The nazi flees back down the alley toward the parking lot, where the cops sieze his truck.
Now whatever nazis could escape, try to going along different routes and protesters attack them everywhere they find them, alley to alley, street to street. Lots of busted windows and bloody nazi faces. In one confrontation with another white pickup truck with white supremacist stickers, busted out windows and packed with nazis... after being attacked by a crowd, on of the nazis waves a gun and the crowd backs down.
Elsewhere nazis are harrassed and chased out of the city. Literally, they were run out of town.
There were 25 arrests, mostly for disorderly conduct who were all released by the evening. Two people had bails set at $500, which were paid, and another has a bail of $25,000 and been charged with "assaulting a police The best part of it all is that they were run out of town by multi-racial working class crews spontaneously organized (though using the organized anarchist/anti-racist action presence as a seed to grow) kicked the nazis out of town.

@_date: 2002-01-13 22:42:35
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Mercy Seat 
It began when they come took me from my home
And put me in Dead Row,
Of which I am nearly wholly innocent, you know.
And I'll say it again
I began to warm and chill
To objects and their fields,
A ragged cup, a twisted mop
The face of Jesus in my soup
Those sinister dinner meals
The meal trolley's wicked wheels
A hooked bone rising from my food
All things either good or ungood.
And the mercy seat is waiting
And I think my head is burning
And in a way I'm yearning
To be done with all this measuring of truth.
An eye for an eye
A tooth for a tooth
And anyway I told the truth
And I'm not afraid to die.
Interpret signs and catalogue
A blackened tooth, a scarlet fog.
The walls are bad. Black. Bottom kind.
They are sick breath at my hind
They are sick breath at my hind
They are sick breath at my hind
They are sick breath gathering at my hind
I hear stories from the chamber
How Christ was born into a manger
And like some ragged stranger
Died upon the cross
And might I say it seems so fitting in its way
He was a carpenter by trade
Or at least that's what I'm told
Like my good hand I
tatooed E.V.I.L. across it's brother's fist
That filthy five! They did nothing to challenge or resist.
In Heaven His throne is made of gold
The ark of his Testament is stowed
A throne from which I'm told
All history does unfold.
Down here it's made of wood and wire
And my body is on fire
And God is never far away.
Into the mercy seat I climb
My head is shaved, my head is wired
And like a moth that tries
To enter the bright eye
I go shuffling out of life
Just to hide in death awhile
And anyway I never lied.
My kill-hand is called E.V.I.L.
Wears a wedding band that's G.O.O.D.
`Tis a long-suffering shackle
Collaring all that rebel blood.
And the mercy seat is waiting
And I think my head is burning
And in a way I'm yearning
To be done with all this measuring of truth.
An eye for an eye
And a tooth for a tooth
And anyway I told the truth
And I'm not afraid to die.
And the mercy seat is burning
And I think my head is glowing
And in a way I'm hoping
To be done with all this weighing up of truth.
An eye for an eye
And a tooth for a tooth
And I've got nothing left to lose
And I'm not afraid to die.
And the mercy seat is glowing
And I think my head is smoking
And in a way I'm hoping
To be done with all this looks of disbelief.
An eye for an eye
And a tooth for a tooth
And anyway there was no proof
Nor a motive why.
And the mercy seat is smoking
And I think my head is melting
And in a way I'm helping
To be done with all this twisted of the truth.
A lie for a lie
And a truth for a truth
And I've got nothing left to lose
And I'm not afraid to die.
And the mercy seat is melting
And I think my blood is boiling
And in a way I'm spoiling
All the fun with all this truth and consequence.
An eye for an eye
And a truth for a truth
And anyway I told the truth
And I'm not afraid to die.
And the mercy seat is waiting
And I think my head is burning
And in a way I'm yearning
To be done with all this measuring of proof.
A life for a life
And a truth for a truth
And anyway there was no proof
But I'm not afraid to tell a lie.
And the mercy seat is waiting
And I think my head is burning
And in a way I'm yearning
To be done with all this measuring of truth.
An eye for an eye
And a truth for a truth
And anyway I told the truth
But I'm afraid I told a lie.

@_date: 2002-01-14 01:15:03
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
US violates the Geneva Convention by Idiot/Savant
3:35am Sun Jan 13 '02 (Modified on 4:34am Sun Jan 13 '02)
Some of the ways in which the US is violating the Geneva Convention at The US is a signatory to the Geneva Convention, which specifies the conditions under which such prisoners are to be treated.  The Convention covers irregular forces such as al-Qaeda as well as regular armed forces, and a quick skim suggests that the US are violating it in several ways.
Interrogation: the US has publicly stated they will interrogate the prisoners; however this is specificly forbidden by the convention.  No prisoner is bound to give anything more than the infamnous "name, rank and serial number" (or equivalent); coercion to gain more information is expressly forbidden "No physical or mental torture, nor any other form of coercion, may be inflicted on prisoners of war to secure from them information of any kind whatever. Prisoners of war who refuse to answer may not be threatened, insulted, or exposed to any unpleasant or disadvantageous treatment of any kind." (Article 17)
Housing: the US are housing the POWs in wire-mesh cages.  Unless US troops are quartered in similar conditions, this is a violation: "Prisoners of war shall be quartered under conditions as favourable as those for the forces of the Detaining Power who are billeted in the same area. The said conditions shall make allowance for the habits and customs of the prisoners and shall in no case be prejudicial to their health. The foregoing provisions shall apply in particular to the dormitories of prisoners of war as regards both total surface and minimum cubic space, and the general installations, bedding and blankets. " (Article 25).
Trial and punishment: POWs are considered to be subject to the same laws and regulations as soldiers of the detaining power; they may be tried only by military courts (except where jurisdiction would normally belong to civil courts), and sentances must be the same as for soldiers of the detaining power commiting similar acts.  POWs tried for acts commited prior to capture retain the benefits of the Convention even if convicted.
Prisoners must be tried according to the same standards as soldiers of the detaining power, must be granted access to adequete and independent counsel of their own choosing, and may not be tried in courts which do not offer "essential guarantees of independence and impartiality as generally recognized".  (Articles 82 - 107) In other words, Bush's kangaroo military tribunals are out.
There's other questions relating to provision of clothing, not holding POWs in confinement and the conditions under which they were transferred to Cuba (shackled, chained to their seats for the whole flight, and (according to the news) unable to move even to relieve themselves), but I'm sticking to things which can be clearly proved rather than venturing into murky territory.
If US prisoners were treated in this manner, the US would be kicking and screaming.  Is this another case of US moral exceptionalism?
add your own comments
Good stuff by anon
4:02am Sun Jan 13 '02
I'm pleased to see any of this type of stuff appear on Indymedia. If we are thinking, then maybe others will start to think also (I'm an optimist My familiarity is with the Hague Convention that preceded the Geneva Conventions. What I see here is 'the worst' of the breaches in the POW rules that I studied from the WWI era. The US hasn't the right to pick and chose which things it obeys - but where the heck are the people with the clout to stop them? I am convinced that the UN is a waste of space.
I totally agree that the US would be screaming if someone did something like this to US troops. In WWI, stuff like the US was largely 'controlled' (a.k.a. carefully hidden) out of fear of what 'the enemy' would do to the captor country's troops if 'the enemy' caught any. Thus the US is seemingly setting up its own troops for horrible deaths.
Of course, maybe there is truth to the many hundreds of US deaths that have been claimed by the Taliban and supposedly hidden by US authorities????????
WE have the clout to stop them by proffr1 at etc
4:27am Sun Jan 13 '02
Its all laid out in assassination politics,like arnie Swarvztnegger reading from a cue card.(especially p 10)
Soft drill a few safely and the last empire will crumble into dust.Crypto anarchy is here folks.We ARE ALL FREE.
When cryptography is outlawed V? PS+++ PE Y+ PGP- t* 5+++ X R* tv b+ DI+ D++ G++>+++ e>++ h-- r++ y+
Spread the great news!
Extraordinary Combatants by Archimedes
4:34am Sun Jan 13 '02
The Bush Administration is taking the position that the detainees transported to Cuba are not prisoners of war, but extralegal combatants, i.e., they are not members of the duly constituted military force of a recognized government.
With regard to the al Qaeda forces, this is correct; they should be handled as criminal defendants, not as captured soldiers. A propos of the Taliban forces, however, this is puzzling since the US formerly and recently recognized and interacted with the Taliban as the legitimate government of Afghanistan. One is also left to wonder why, if none of the combatants are state representatives, the US feels justified invading and devastating a sovreign nation to pursue criminal suspects. There seems to be some confused thinking amongst our best and brightest on these points.

@_date: 2002-01-14 01:48:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: FREE JIM BELL GROUP INVITATION. 
>>Interested. Sign me up. Marc de Piolenc<<
Comeback as yourself or anonymously (ricomended) and pledge to pay 1$ or equivalent Barter Unit of Money to pay the reasonable expenses of the person or persons unknown that most closely predicts the permanent retirement of ANY Govt employee.(especially forest grunts,this is soft drilling NOT jim approved AP)
There's 2$ on dick Armitage and a few hundred on Jeff gordon/robb London already but your welcome to "fork your own Distro". You may live in Argentina or Columbia for all I know.(or want to know.) I will try and match your bid and will certainly advertise it widely at This is an APster special OP to bust out Jim,then maybe chris 'the Falcon' Boyce and Leonard Peltier.If all goes well we should have all the drug war prisoners out by Xmas.Thanks for writing Marc, We are the champions my friend.
When cryptography is outlawed

@_date: 2002-01-14 02:24:22
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics.Fautines flipped. 
>>Your corrections notwithstanding, do you really find it rational to expect the
fate of a few citizens to change national policy? Why should it.<<
Read AP you trizzy little bitch...and tremble.
 >>>It is and always has been the policy of the Zionist Entity to regard its
 >>civilians as expendable for propaganda purposes in any hostage situation.<<
  >>So? Only the weak-minded would sit around fretting and crying over what to a few people who are likely going to be killed anyway. If I--or anyone I
ever cared about--were hostages, it wouldn't change my mind on this in the
least. The terrorists are the ones responsible for rendering me "expendable",
not whomever they're trying to pressure.  Absolutely despicable, get a spine.<<
Get a dick up your tight little arsehole girlfriend.plug it for a bit.
 >>Fuck negotiation, fuck capitulation. Give in once and you're setting up for more of the same for eternity. Someone says they're going to slaughter
my family unless I do what they want? Go right ahead and see what it gets They never gave you a credit for "the fifth element" and all those chuck Bronson movies,did they? Oh and "the usual suspects" of course.We all ready got a Keyser Sose here lady.Why dont you just pull a train and leeeve.
 >>The sentimental don't have a snowball's chance in hell against the I must remember to have that carved onto your buttcheeks,Pucker up,snowball.
 >>wallowing in the finer points of conscience is a luxury those on the wrong side
of a gun just can't afford<<
Wallowing in Tims fetid hot tub is expensive for your street cred you ugly fat hoe bitch.
 >>Initiating force and responding to it in kind are
two entirely different issues: just because the Palestinians have a legitimate
cause for complaint doesn't mean they (or Israel, or the US) should get a free
pass. Nobody gets a free pass. ~Faustine.<<
Thinnest books of the world now include the wit and wisdom of Justine/Faust.The mephisto waltz just spun *her*out.

@_date: 2002-01-14 03:18:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Labour MPs protest as CIA gets power to snoop on any house in 
Anyone who's seen "A fish called Wanda,"knows where this could lead.
Seriously though,anyone working for In-Q-tel and the new MIL/IND COM deserves close surveillance and targeted action.
If the Phantom Menace of Muslimism fades they might just target us.I hear we are already being wargamed.NETFORCE is coming,APster must get there 1st.
The UK also needs some Zimbabwe style land reform and I hear that little bastard Harry has been caught smoking Pot,His dad should have a good long chat with him...and so should Prince Charles.
"There is no such thing as anonymity on the internet" british plainscloths
cop after 'smashing' a pedophile 'ring'.

@_date: 2002-01-14 20:02:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
> As to the space cadet idea that space should be bought in newspapers so
 > that CJ or Toto or Jimbell or Choate or Vulis or Detweiler or mattd or
 > any of our other mental cases, knock yourself out. I wouldn't contribute
 > a microcent.
That wasn't the idea.  The idea was to push the publication in the
State's face, daring them to respond.
Exactly and the Stranger might do it.They are the alternative/leftist paper there.Tim May is a boring old fart.

@_date: 2002-01-14 20:10:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: VIVA Agentina LIBRE! 
>>...Think of a combination of Fama/Black, et. al's early 1980's notion of monetary economics coupled with an index of (bearer-held :-)) assets in
transit and in wearhouses, along with commodities, plus the usual equity
and debt mixture. Pretty much what the fed does now, only the index will be
sold, just like the S&P is now. When IBUC's site's back up, I'll point to an essay I did on it a couple of
years ago... Cheers,
If Barter Units Money or BUMs take off and are pegged to the Dollar/Euro/Yen,then sooner or later Something like this will be necessary as State sanctioned currencies wither away.Thanks RAH.Kill the President and VIVA Argentina LIBRE!
Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through the
spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,
through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.
Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold

@_date: 2002-01-14 20:26:10
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
>>If the US prisoners in question had engineered, or were suspected of
having engineered, the deaths of thousands of innocent people, I suspect
that even LESS sympathy or consideration would be shown them. They
certainly would not get any from me. Marc de Piolenc<<
Has your head been up your ass for the last 50 years? In the name of anti-communism and to expand the Imperialist United Snakes Empire,MILLIONS,not thousands,MILLIONS of innocent people have died.Horrible bloody deaths! And now the statue of liberty is suddenly the fucking RED QUEEN! A word means what I want it to mean!?FUCK THAT NOISE!
Fuck your sympathy,Fuck the US and Torture and Kill all US prisoners.Its good enough for them FUCK THEM! To hell with Amerikkka.All paying tax got what they deserve.Anyone who destroys American interests, consulates, all missionary organizations, McDonald's, KFC, Shell or Caltex petrol pumps or American Express, or anyone who cuts off the head of an American, you will be given complete protection and a special place in paradise.See the CIA sabotage manual for ways to FUCK SHIT UP in Norte LaLa

@_date: 2002-01-14 20:46:35
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention. 
>>The current administration keeps waffling on if this is a war or not. When it suits their purposes (getting money out of congress, censoring the
press, and trampling on the constitution and bill of rights) it is a War.
When it does not suit their purposes (like how they treat prisoners), it
is not a War. <<
These gross hypocrisies have not gone unnoticed in spite of the crap corporate media.The business of amerikkka is none of your business?
Lets not forget the water babies,mrs 'Do as you would be done by'.btw.
 >>Speaking of "Missing In Action"... Anyone know what Cheany is up to? If life imitates the movies, we are either seeing a remake of "Dave" or
"Weekend At Bernies".<<
Lets see that destruction of the W/house scene from Independance Day one more time.Gee Im glad to see some of my threads get up,thanks people! We all seem to agree who the rogue terror state is.You can interrorgate me now.

@_date: 2002-01-14 20:58:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Ken Taylor: After the fire, into Africa, 
Hey thats my Dad. charlesk at netcon.net.au Tanah-merah,Mt Macedon. 03 54261466
He has a neighbor called JEFF GORDON! If you want to discuss various ways
and means of OFFING JEFF GORDON!
Deniability,Anonymity,E-dinars,Guns,wtf are you waiting for?
APster now,before Oceania takes complete control,because this new system is
incredible force-multiplier, it can super-empower people so they can
destabilize a superpower.Bet the farm.
Giangiacomo Feltrinelli, in a booklet entitled Political Guerilla Warfare.
Feltrinelli said that the task of the terrorist was to violate the law
openly  challenging and outraging institutions and public order in every
way. Then, when the state intervenes as a result, with the police and the
courts, it will be easy to denounce its harshness and repressive
dictatorial tendencies.

@_date: 2002-01-14 21:10:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: 2 tonnes OK city;4 tonnes found in Singapore terror cell. 
Ammonium Nitrate found in Singapore.Shrub chokes on a Preztel.The US has about 6000 yankee snakes in Singapore,
Massive investments in the Police State.Shares Spy satellite traffic,nearly all that comes out of OZ.
A target rich environment.It would be much better to provide Al Qaida with APster tools than let them create east African type bloody outrage.When it comes out that the US rogue Terror state knew how to prevent terror bomb outrage's and did
nothing...Collapse of Govts will be the least of their worries.
. "Hirstory has also shown that in the ensuing chaos between the fall of the old and the start of the new order, there is a great danger of a cult leader taking control of the revolutionary spirit in order to set himself up as the new dictator. The few times this has not happened, there has been great international efforts made to crush the Revolution before it sets an example the rest of the world could follow. These are both dangers that need to be considered during the development of the revolution."

@_date: 2002-01-14 23:35:14
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Nude Bomb 
Latest wave of protests
FIVE nude protesters skinny dipped at Sandridge beach
yesterday, escaping arrest despite their illegal actions.
Nudity lobby group Freedom International staged the latest in a series of protests aimed at changing the state's nudity laws.
Keith Stodden, Tony Pitman, Rollan McCleary and Stuart Kingsford have told police before each protest and there have been no arrests, despite one protest last year being staged in the same park as a police rally.
Mr Pitman said the lack of arrests did not mean their message was unheard.
"I think there is a point. If we do it enough times we have kind of proven that the law is redundant," he said.
"What we need is for the law to be changed because it can be applied Mr Pitman pointed to a court decision last year concerning two women who were arrested for jogging nude outside the Crown casino during a protest.
While the court found they had not behaved offensively and therefore committed no crime, they still had to suffer the trauma of court appearances, he said.
You gotta fight  for your right  To PARTY!

@_date: 2002-01-14 23:53:48
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Stephen Gough,Leigh Gassner need Killing. 
Victoria Police Commander Leigh Gassner denied that police had overreacted, saying it did not take much for an innocent act to spill over.
"Even the ... Mexican Wave is pretty harmless but to put it into context, when you start throwing things then you can't take it lightly," he told "There's a cultural issue about where this is occurring and I think we have to say that that culture is no longer tolerated at the MCG anywhere
* Anyone detected throwing items or starting the Mexican Wave throughout the ground will be automatically evicted;
* On-the-spot fines, harsher penalties for invading the playing area and intensified bag searches will also be introduced, with details yet to be worked out.
The tough stand follows a weekend of hooliganism during two matches at the MCG which resulted in 36 arrests and nearly 500 expulsions.
Members of the ACB, the Melbourne Cricket Club (MCC), Victoria Police and the state government met today to consider how to address crowd misbehaviour.
MCC secretary Stephen Gough told reporters the agreement on the measures was unanimous.
"The idea is that we don't want to see cricket interrupted at the MCG and we don't want to see the future of cricket at the MCG under any threat," he

@_date: 2002-01-15 05:40:33
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Stephen Gough,Leigh Gassner need Killing.(ahem) 
The Victorian police being in possession of my cs latitude dell laptop and the e-mail adress proffr at fuckmicrosoft.com
and the passwords to all the steg Ive stored online,seem intent on trying to entrap me by posting fake threats,calls to
brake various laws in various places and so on.They are even tampering with forwarded material and inserting mistakes
and gratuitous insults in a manner that reminds one of the CoinTelPro days of yore.Father forgive them for they know
not coco-nuts.
Stephen Cough and Leigh Gassbag are eminent Victorians that simply want to exclude Mexicans.Anyone in Cali will
understand that.They no more deserve to be assassinated than Governor Greyshite and Dianne Veinstain do.
This type of buggery must surely wipe out the fascist United States as surely as it wiped out the fascist Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. The views expressed here are mine, and NOT those of my employers, associates, or others. Besides, if it *were* the opinion of all of those people, I doubt there would be a problem to bitch about in the first place...

@_date: 2002-01-15 05:56:00
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Pretzle Logic 
Theres more,best to take with a grain of salt though.

@_date: 2002-01-15 06:19:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Collaborators List for Immediate Targeted Action. 
WASHINGTON, DC -- Recent moves to beef up intelligence gathering in
the wake of the September 11th terrorist attacks have civil
libertarians concerned that law enforcement agencies will entangle
many law abiding citizens and social justice groups in their
surveillance missions. Intelligence networks are setting their sights
on the Internet, which up to now has had no clear privacy guidelines.
Under the provisions of the inaptly named anti-terrorism act,
"USA-PATRIOT," the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), National
Security Agency (NSA), Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), and a
number of other smaller law enforcement agencies are looking for ways
to monitor the Internet and mine useful intelligence from it. And new
technology makes it easier than ever to spy on the Internet.
Although law enforcement and intelligence agencies claim they are
merely looking for information to counter future acts of terrorism,
the definition of "terrorism" is being expanded to cover non-violent
groups that have traditionally used the Internet to marshal
resistance to corporate-inspired globalization. Politicians are
already painting dissent as "unpatriotic" and therefore somehow
linked to terrorism.
Meanwhile, a phalanx of software companies, consultants, and defense
contractors stand to reap billions of dollars over the next few years
by selling surveillance and information-gathering systems to
government agencies and the private sector.
Technology Already in the Hands of Law Enforcement
Law enforcement agencies like the FBI already have at their disposal
a massive information sharing network through which federal, state,
local, and foreign police forces can exchange information on groups
felt to pose a threat. The system, RISSNET, or Regional Information
Sharing System Network, which existed before the September 11th
attacks, recently got a boost when Congress authorized additional
money for it in the USA PATRIOT Act.
RISSNET is a secure intranet that connects 5,700 law enforcement
agencies in all 50 states, as well as agencies in Ontario and Quebec,
the District of Columbia, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico,
and Australia. According to sources close to the Washington
Metropolitan Police, data on targeted local groups such as the
Alliance for Global Justice, the anti-World Bank/International
Monetary Fund activist organization, has been shared with other
jurisdictions through RISSNET.
RISSNET has also been used to coordinate the monitoring of the
activities of anti-globalization protestors in Seattle, Quebec City,
Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Washington DC and Genoa. For example, when
the FBI seized network server logs from Independent Media Center
(IMC) in Seattle during the April 2001 anti-free trade protests in
Quebec City, RISSNET was used to coordinate activities across
jurisdictional boundaries. The IMC, founded during the 1999 WTO
protests, allows activists and independent journalists to post
directly to its site.
State and metropolitan police intelligence units also monitor the web
sites of activist organizations in their jurisdictions. All RISS
intelligence is archived by an Orwellian-sounding entity called
MAGLOCLEN or "Middle Atlantic-Great Lakes Organized Crime Law
Enforcement Network." There are other regional RISS intelligence
centers around the country with equally mysterious acronyms.
MAGLOCLEN, a nerve center headquartered in Newtown, Pennsylvania,
distributes political intelligence to all police departments hooked
up to RISSNET.
MAGLOCLEN allows police investigators to link various activist groups
and members through the Link Association Analysis sub-system, a
relational data base that identifies the "friends and families" of
groups and individuals. The Telephone Record Analysis sub-system can
call up records of phone calls of targeted groups and individuals. A
suspect group's banking and other commercial data can be monitored by
the Financial Analysis sub-system. And through a system that would
have been the envy of J. Edgar Hoover, police and federal agents can
also call up profiles that provide specific information on the
composition of organizations, including their membership lists. The
Justice Department has instituted a project called RISSNET II, which
directly links the individual databases contained within the various
RISS centers.
The FBI also runs its own intranet called Law Enforcement On-line or
"LEO," which allows it to communicate intelligence with select other
law enforcement agencies. In the aftermath of September 11th , the
FBI is under pressure to open up LEO to more police agencies so they
can have access to more real-time intelligence. If Attorney General
John Ashcroft lifts restrictions placed on the FBI's collection of
political intelligence, undoubtedly information on the First
Amendment activities of American citizens will wind up in the
Bureau's computer databases.
"There has been no indication that the FBI needs expanded spying
powers," says Center for Constitutional Rights attorney Michael
Ratner. "We should learn from history; spying on dissent is not only
unlawful but it is abusive."
This kind of surveillance is not new. In the 1960s and 70s, the FBI's
Counter Intelligence Program, known as COINTELPRO, was used to gather
personal details on the lives and habits of a wide array of activists
ranging from public figures like Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., actress
Jane Fonda and noted pediatrician Benjamin Spock, to members of local
anti-war and civil rights groups. This information was often used to
disrupt lawful organizing and protest activities.
A modern-day FBI list might include any group deemed "terrorist" by
any law enforcement agencies, the military, or criminal prosecutors.
That could subject organizations as varied -- and unconnected to
terrorism -- as Earth First, Greenpeace, the American Indian
Movement, the Zapatista National Liberation Front, ACT UP, and their
supporters to a wide array of high-tech surveillance and
eavesdropping tools.
Chief among spy agency tools is an e-mail sniffing program known as
Carnivore. Changes brought about by USA-PATRIOT allow federal law
enforcement officials to petition a secretive federal court called
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for warrants to tap
phones, read e-mail, or break and enter into homes or offices to
conduct searches and plant bugging devices. These spy activities can
be carried out without proof that an organization has links to
terrorists or foreign intelligence agencies.
To read e-mail the FBI can order an Internet Service Provider to
place a special monitoring computer called Carnivore (now renamed
Data Collection System 1000) on its network servers. The FBI can then
select the e-mail of surveillance targets for capture and storage.
Not content with this device, the FBI now seeks to expand its
surveillance capability to the entire Internet.
Making a Buck off of Government Spying
Companies that are positioning themselves to help the government
surveill the web came out in force at a recent Homeland Security
Conference in Washington. They included Oracle, Microsoft,
Information Builders, Choice Point, Man Tech, AMS, and Booz Allen &
Hamilton. Government speakers from civilian and military agencies all
stressed that they urgently need the technology to store
surveillance-derived intelligence and exchange it with other
agencies. If these corporations step up to the plate on developing
new surveillance, monitoring, and biometric ID systems, they stand to
make billions.
Companies like Top Layer Networks, Inc. of Westboro, Massachusetts,
are developing ways for the FBI to install surveillance systems at a
few key Internet hubs which would allow federal agents to remotely
flip a switch and pound a few keys to begin monitoring the e-mail or
web-based mail of any targeted group or individual. According to
chief Top Layer engineer Ken Georgiades, the firm is working with a
number of partners to develop new standards for the legal
interception of communications at the Internet Service Provider level
and at higher gigabit speeds.
The higher gigabit intercept equipment would be placed at major
Internet backbone hubs in strategic locations like Washington, DC,
the San Francisco Bay Area, Chicago, Dallas, and Los Angeles.
Georgiades said that the 1994 Communications Assistance to Law
Enforcement Act (CALEA) does not currently extend to the Internet and
only applies to telecommunications companies. However, the fact that
Top Layer and its unspecified partners are ramping up to deliver
CALEA-like wiretapping services for the Internet indicates the FBI
sees the power of CALEA growing beyond phone lines to the web. And
Georgiades pointed out that foreign governments are under no such
constraints and can use Internet snooping equipment under existing
current wiretapping laws.
David Banisar, Research Fellow at Harvard's Information
Infrastructure Project, said such systems "set a dangerous precedent
to allow law enforcement and intelligence agencies to run the
communications system." He added, "these agencies take an
over-inclusive view of who they think are the enemies and its likely
that civil and human rights groups will, again, be monitored for no
legitimate reason."
The large defense and intelligence consulting and engineering firm
Booz, Allen & Hamilton has not only developed the FBI's Carnivore
capability but it has assisted the bureau in ensuring that all
telecommunications companies engineer their systems to ensure they
are "wiretap friendly." The companies are required by the
Communications Assistance to Law Enforcement Act to ensure the FBI
has access to all forms of telecommunications, including cellular
What if a target decides to use encryption to protect their e-mail
from interception? That is not a problem for the FBI. Booz Allen &
Hamilton has helped develop a system code-named Magic Lantern, which
permits a virus containing a key logging program to be secretly
transmitted to a recipient. After installing itself on the target's
computer, any time the target types in a password to decrypt a
message, that same password is immediately picked up by Magic Lantern
and transmitted to the FBI. Essentially, the FBI has a virtual master
key to break any encryption program used by a surveillance target.
A companion program to Magic Lantern, code named Cyber Knight, is a
relational database system that compares and matches information from
e-mail, Internet relay chats, instant messages, and Internet voice
Not to be outdone by the FBI, the CIA has also been extremely active
in developing software than can dig deep within the Internet to
harvest information. The CIA has relied heavily on its wholly-owned
and operated proprietary Silicon Valley company, IN-Q-TEL, to fund
research and development for Internet snooping software. IN-Q-TEL's
President and Chief Executive Officer Gilman Louie is to keynote a
January 2002 Las Vegas seminar on the use of emerging intelligence
technology to search and analyze the web. He is to be joined by Joan
Dempsey, the Deputy Director of the CIA for Intelligence Community
Management. IN-Q-TEL's web page describes the aggressive attitude the
CIA is taking toward ensuring new technologies come complete with the
spy agency's seal of approval, "IN-Q-TEL strives to extend the
Agency's access to new IT companies, solutions, and approaches to
address their priority problems."
Assisting the government in its goals to gather massive amounts of
personal information on citizens and non-citizens, is a company that
owes its very existence to the CIA. Oracle, Inc. Chairman Larry
Ellison has offered to provide to the government free of charge the
database software required to establish an interactive national ID
card system. Oracle got its start when the CIA gave Ellison a
contract in the 1970s to design a system to enable the agency to
store and retrieve massive amounts if information in databases. Not
coincidentally, the code name of that CIA project was "Oracle."
The rush by the government to monitor the Internet has the backing of
a group of federal contract research facilities that have pounded out
report after report warning about the threat of cyberspace to
national security. These "think tanks" include Rand Corporation and
Analytical Services Corporation (ANSER). They are assisted in this
policy laundering effort by the Center for Strategic and
International Studies, the K Street rest home for former Pentagon,
intelligence, and State Department political appointees.
But all the technology in the world will not protect citizens from
terrorist attacks, unless the government knows how to use the
information effectively. As the government and a few selected
companies and think tanks push for new surveillance laws and more
monitoring of the Internet and telecommunications in general, the
words of Mary Schiavo, the Transportation Department's former
Inspector General and outspoken critic of lax airline security, are
particularly poignant. Speaking in Washington on December 18, Schiavo
pointed out that the "United States already had laws to prevent what
happened on September 11th . . . they weren't being enforced."
Wayne Madsen is a Washington-based journalist who covers
intelligence, national security, and foreign affairs. He is also a
Senior Fellow of the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) in
Washington, DC and author of "Genocide and Covert Operations in
Africa 1993-1999" (Mellen Press).
Updated: 12/21/2001
Homeland Security, Homeland Profits
By Wayne Madsen
PO Box 29344
San Francisco, CA 94129 USA
Tel: 415-561-6568 Fax: 415-561-6493
URL: Email: corpwatch at corpwatch.org

@_date: 2002-01-15 07:31:46
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Other 4 Horsemen. 
The Four Horsemen of the Frankfort School  (english)
by White trash Gun Nut
10:38am Mon Jan 14 '02
billbennetjr at hotmail.com
Another message from you financial, social, moral and academic superior: The White Trash Gun Nut
In his new book "The Death of the West" Patrick J. Buchanan examines the origin of what he contends is the modern decline of America. He asserts that while Soviet style Marxism is largely dead, our society remains enthralled by Cultural Marxism, which is strangling our freedom, and threatening our future. This threat to our culture and way of life accelerated to a deadly speed with the establishment, in 1933 at Columbia University, of the Institute for Social Research, originally called "The Institute for Marxism." This institution became known as the Frankfort School.
The destructive nature of the Frankfort School, founded in New York after it's theoreticians fled there from Frankfort, Germany when Hitler came to power, is obvious from even a cursory examination of its primary texts. The four horsemen of the school were music critic Theodor Adorno, psychologist Erich Fromm, sociologist Wilhelm Reich and professor Herbert Marcuse. Their ideas, echoing through the halls of academia and from the ink stained hands of writers and journalists, would lead to, as Buchanan calls it, the establishment of today's politically correct catechism.
The original strategy to destroy America, employed by the Frankfort School, came from Italian Communist Antonio Gramsci who realized that in order to achieve a Socialist victory, cultural institutions would have to be infiltrated and subverted. Gramsci realized that America, steeped in traditions of freedom and liberty, would never to succumb to a frontal assault and its workers were too busy accumulating capital to allow themselves to be used as cannon fodder for a bloody revolution.
Theodor Adorno
The Frankfort School would patent the familiar "Critical Theory" which was accurately defined by a student as the "essentially destructive criticism of all the main elements of Western culture, including Christianity, capitalism, authority, the family, patriarchy, hierarchy, morality, tradition, sexual restraint, loyalty, patriotism, nationalism, heredity, ethnocentrism, convention, and conservatism." Under Critical Theory, anything emanating from the west is to be libeled and attacked over and over again while at the same time, anything emerging from a "progressive" country or group is to be applauded including the murder of over 100 million people. All blame for societal and economic ills are to be shifted to the west.
The saturating drumbeat of Critical Theory would lead to "Cultural Pessimism" which is when a person grows to loathe the society, which nurtured him and provided him unprecedented levels of success. This describes the attitude of so many leftists living in comfort and safety yet viewing America, the society that made their lifestyle possible, with hatred and contempt. I am amazed by the degree in which both Critical Theory and Cultural Pessimism has been internalized by all of us.
Erich Fromm's "Escape from Freedom" and Wilhelm Reich's "The Mass Psychology of Fascism" and "The Sexual Revolution" are central texts of Critical Theory according to Buchanan, who also calls "The Authoritarian Personality" by Theodor Adorno the "altarpiece of the Frankfurt School." Adorno's thesis is that anyone imbued with middle class, conservative, or Christian values is a racist and a fascist. Charles Sykes, senior fellow at the Wisconsin Policy Research Center, says Adorno's book is "an uncompromising indictment of bourgeois civilization, with the twist that what was considered merely old-fashioned by previous critics was now declared both fascistic and psychologically warped." This libelous indictment of the American people is comparable to Hitler's equally libelous indictment of the Jews of Europe.
Wilhelm Reich
The Frankfurt School introduced the idea of psychological conditioning as a means of changing the culture to fit their image. This would largely replace the traditional American approach to learning which was rational philosophical argument. Buchanan calls this the root of the "therapeutic state" where "sin is redefined as sickness, crime becomes anti-social behavior, and the psychiatrist replaces the priest." To Adorno and his comrades, all Americans who refused to conform to the new morality were viewed as mentally ill and in need of treatment. The Soviet Union offers a clear example of this philosophy in action with it's millions sent to gulags for "mental" maladies such as "anti-social" attitudes.
Herbert Marcuse
The forth horseman, Brandeis professor Herbert Marcuse, was the pied piper of the sixties as he fostered the development of, as Buchanan points out, "radical youth, feminists, black militants, homosexuals, the alienated, the asocial, Third World revolutionaries, all the angry voices of the persecuted 'victims' of the West." In "Eros and Civilization" Marcuse encouraged sex and drugs and introduced "polymorphous perversity" where all moral and cultural order is rejected. Marcuse coined the slogan "Make love not war" and was a cult figure on College campuses. His book "i" advocates educational dictatorship. He calls for "Repressive Tolerance" which means "intolerance against movements from the right, and toleration of movements from the left." When the left speaks of tolerance, this is what they mean.
The Frankfurt School would mainstream the dicktat of the Moscow Central Committee laid down in 1943. This declaration, right from the horse's mouth, illustrates exactly what were up against:
"Members and front organizations must continually embarrass, discredit and degrade our critics. When obstructionists become too irritating, label them as fascist, or Nazi or anti-Semitic...The association will, after enough repetition, become 'fact' in the public mind.

@_date: 2002-01-15 07:40:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Midnight express;Turkish anarchists in prison update. 
- I N F O S  N E W S  S E R V I C E
               ________________________________________________ On December 1 2001, two anarchists were taken by the
police in Usak (a city in Mid-West Anatolia) with the
claim of distributing illegal leaflets in a meeting
organized by trade-unions. Later on, 3 other were
taken, and all (5) of them were arrested with the
claim of "being members of an illegal terrorist
organization" namely Usak Anarchist Autonom.
Although they did nothing more than distributing their
own materials/leaflets, for this terrorist state it
was enough to judge them with the claim of organizing
in such a way "to destroy or to divide" it. They did
not even find any (in their own words) "violent" or
"terrorist" clues related with the group.
The trail will be held in Izmir DGM (SSC-State
Security Court) on 13th of February. At the moment
they are in Usak Prison; each of them in seperate
cells. This week they'll be sent to Izmir F-type
prison. They were beaten badly and tortured by Usak
police and refused the lawyers offered by the state.
For the first time Turkish anarchists will be judged
by Turkish State as an "illegal organization" and this
trail will show the attitude of the state against
anarchists and anarchist organizations. Anar~ist Kara Ay - Ankara
Anarchist Black Crescent - Ankara
(abcankara at yahoo.com
Also 'Ruckus' an anarchist prisoner has been transfered. Cali.

@_date: 2002-01-15 07:47:36
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The Argentine Tightrope 
Background on the Uprising.Acute danger of Leninist opportunism.(longish)pr.
miyachi Sun, 13 Jan 2002 04:38:33 -0500 (EST)
  ________________________________________________
       A - I N F O S  N E W S  S E R V I C E
               ________________________________________________ A MONTH ago, Argentina was a symbol of the disaster of the free market.
Years of recession had driven unemployment to nearly 20 percent and pushed
one-third of the population into poverty. And all President Fernando de la Ra and his hated economics chief Domingo
Cavallo could offer was more austerity--slashed wages, layoffs, spending
cuts, privatization. But Argentina today is the symbol of something else--the hope of a better
future. In mid-December, ordinary Argentinians said "no" to the misery of a
system run by bankers and bosses. By December 20, every city and town in
Argentina, including Buenos Aires, was paralyzed by mass demonstrations. Cavallo was the first to go. Then de la Ra. And one week after that, a new
wave of demonstrations brought down another government. JAMES PETRAS has worked for the past two years with the unemployed movement
in Argentina. Petras is the author of numerous books on Latin America--the
most recent, co-authored with Henry Veltmeyer, is Globalization Unmasked:
Imperialism in the 21st Century. He talked to ALAN MAASS about the uprising. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - WHERE DID the spark for the December uprising come from? THE DRIVING force for these massive mobilizations has its roots in the
large-scale, sustained activities of the unemployment movement. The unemployed workers movement has been gaining strength for the last five
years. But in the last year, its spread throughout the country and has
played a major role in securing subsistence programs from the government and
public works for at least a sector of the unemployed. Its tactics are to paralyze the circulation of commodities and
transportation. So the piqueteros, as theyre called, meaning "the
picketers," block off major highways in order to make their demands. The ranks of the unemployed movement include a preponderance of women,
especially woman heads of households, which has grown with the unemployment. In some areas, unemployment is probably 50 to 60 percent. So many of the
piqueteros are factory workers with trade union experience. Many are young
people whove never had a job. They organize and block the highways. Traffic piles up, trucks cant move,
factories cant get supplies. These are the functional equivalents of
factory workers downing their tools. In this case, instead of directly
stopping production, they stop the inputs and outputs from production. Then the government can send the police down, in which case theres a whole
confrontation. People have been killed, five or six recently in the north of
Argentina. But the fear for the government is that if the confrontations continue, the
crowds come in from the huge slums, and it could turn into a mini-civil war.
So the government usually--after threats and mobilizations of
police--negotiates an agreement. These agreements are discussed by the participants themselves. They dont
delegate any leaders to go downtown. They make the government come to the
highways, and the people there discuss what they should demand and what they
should accept. Their experience with delegated leadership is that they go downtown, they
sit in a big room with the government or with the trade union bureaucracy,
and they usually get bought out. The leaders get some payoffs, even the
militant leaders. Or they get drawn into some tripartite agreement, and the
rank and file is sold out. So their activity is about direct representation,
direct negotiation, direct action. These demonstrations have been enormously successful within the limited
areas in which they operate. But recently, as early as September of last
year, there were two national meetings trying to coordinate the committees
from all the different cities and the regions and suburbs of Buenos Aries,
and they created a kind of coordinating committee. But what they taught the population as a whole was that you cant rely on
the politicians. You have to take action for yourself and from below. HOW DID the piqueteros struggles set the stage for the December
demonstrations? I THINK that spirit began to manifest itself, even in downtown Buenos Aires,
shortly before this latest uprising. There were several cases where
grievances emerged, and shopkeepers and others decided to close off downtown
streets. There was a huge debate within the movement, because the so-called
progressive trade union leadership thought it could win over the middle
class by blocking main streets but allowing alternative streets to function.
This was opposed by the more militant unemployed movements, which said you
either close the streets, or you dont. So this spirit captured the imagination of not only employed workers and, of
course, the young people, but also the impoverished lower middle class, and
even sectors of more affluent petty bourgeois, including shopkeepers, small
businessmen and others who had accounts in the banks. When the government finally confiscated the savings--billions of dollars in
savings--of the middle class, these layers also became involved in street
demonstrations. This is an impoverished, radicalized middle class. Its a mistake to think of it as simply the middle class. These are people
whove lost all their savings. They dont have money to pay their grocery
bills, or their rents, or go on vacations, or what have you. So under the
example of the unemployed workers, you had a coming together of various
strands of the population. You had the great mass of unemployed who were involved in some kind of
informal economy. You had employed workers who hadnt been paid because the
accounts of their employers are frozen. And you have a great mass of public
employees and shopkeepers and others forming a very broad front against the
bankers. The bankers have been able to get their money out. By using the purchase of
Argentine stocks on the New York Stock Exchange, they have no problem
getting their money out of the country. So this is very much a class phenomenon, in which the unemployed workers
formed one pole, drawing the workers, the petty bourgeois and sectors of the
middle class to the politics of extra-parliamentary struggle--to the
politics of rejecting the major bourgeois parties. This, I think, is the dynamic. Now whether this middle class will be a
strategic ally--whether theyll get a deal which allows them to take their
money out of the banks--is an open question. But I think the most important factor in this is that mass action, more than
all the ritual strikes of the trade union bureaucracy, led to the ouster of
the main leaders of neoliberalism and the main spokesmen for U.S. banks and
U.S. imperialism in the government at that time. Each time, theyve been replaced by new faces, all coming within the
framework of neoliberalism. Theres no way that the debt can be paid without
precipitating a mass uprising--in which case, I think, the bourgeois
parliamentary system will go down, and perhaps youll have a civil war, with
the military coming into the picture. Nothing in the bourgeois press captures the degree of tension and
polarization that exists in Argentina today. On the spot, activists and
revolutionaries describe it as a pre-revolutionary situation. And certainly
the degree of hostility to all the bourgeois parties and the degree of
militancy of great masses of people would describe a pre-revolutionary
situation. There isnt at this time an organized revolutionary party with roots and
support. There are thousands of local activists and militants who engage in
these activities, and there is a broad radicalization of consciousness among
hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of Argentinians today--unprecedented
in recent times in Latin America. But the little left parties--all the Trotskyist and Marxist parties--spent
most of their resources recently in electing officials to an impotent
parliament. And nowhere have these parties--or the center-left, of
course--exercised any kind of leadership. Theyve been out of sight. They
issue manifestos; they sell their newspapers. In none of these growing mass
confrontations--that are reaching proportions of hundreds of thousands in
different cities--has there been any organized vanguard. There are militants from the unemployed movement, who have some kind of
street-fighting experience and preparation. Programmatically, theyre clear
as far as their immediate demands--which is massive employment projects,
living wages, unemployment benefits, and of course, no payment of the debt.
And some sectors are calling for the renationalization of the strategic
sectors of the economy. WHAT WILL Duhaldes new government be like? THE CURRENT government of President Duhalde is clearly a provocation. Hes a
man of the right, and hes organized, in the past, a political apparatus of
thugs. Despite what the press says, he is capable of putting right-wing street
fighters out--fascist-like groups that can draw on lumpens and some
disoriented unemployed to challenge for hegemony in the streets and take
pressure off the police. There already has been one major confrontation
with, of course, police taking the side of Duhaldes Peronist thugs. But this is, I think, a dress rehearsal. There is no honeymoon period for
Duhalde. Right as were speaking today, there are massive demonstrations in
Argentina, and there are preparations for a big show of force when he
announces his economic program late this afternoon. More than any recent events, were dealing with a country that has a long
tradition of trade union, collective action. General strikes are more common
in Argentina than in any country in the world. This is the country that has the biggest concentration of unemployed
industrial workers in the world today. And thirdly, this is the country with
the largest number of unemployed workers organized and engaged in direct
action. What is, I think, necessary or missing in this context is a recognized
political leadership that can carry this dynamic process forward to the
creation of a workers government. I think the ensuing struggle is going to
raise that question very acutely. We should keep in mind that the leadership in Washington will not rest until
it buries that movement. And I think what you might see is the maintenance
of the civilian political facade and the return of the military as a
determining factor in politics. And thats like throwing wood on the fire. As we saw in the earlier
dictatorship of 1976, it took 30,000 dead and disappeared to bury that
movement. This time, there are many, many more activists and militants than
there were at the height of the mobilizations in the 1960s and 1970s. YOU TALKED about the conservatism of labor leaders and the unions "ritual"
general strikes. But havent the unions played a role in the resistance? YOU CANT just speak of a general strike in Argentina. There are general
strikes, and there are general strikes. And everybody knows that in
Argentina. You can talk to a cab driver, who, when you ask, "What do you
think of this general strike?" will tell you that the bureaucrats are using
it to blow off steam. Theyre one-day affairs with no active mobilizations or factory occupations.
The employers know it, and the government knows it--that if they sit on
their hands for one day, everything goes back to normal. So they have little consequences. Theres little mobilization and little in
the way of activating the class and creating class consciousness. Theyre
decided from above, and theyre shut off from above. There are three trade union confederations in Argentina. The official trade
union is the CGT, which has allied itself with every government since the
dictatorship--and even had arrangements with the dictatorship. Theres the CGT-Moyano--the dissident CGT led by Hugo Moyano, which has been
critical of the official CGT for being so closely tied to the government.
But in turn, this federation is run by another set of bureaucrats who
utilize their opposition to the status quo to pressure the government to
make concessions to their followers while maintaining a distance from any
structural challenges. The third major union is the progressive CTA, which emerged as a rejection
of the CGT and has many of the public-sector workers--workers who havent
had any relief with the shutting down and cutting off of services and the
firings of hundreds of thousands. The Moyano trade union bureaucracy has been more eager to engage in general
strikes and to mobilize around specific issues. They use a great deal of
populist rhetoric, but later negotiate on more narrow sectoral issues,
constantly negotiating behind the backs of the workers. Thats why theyre distrusted by many sectors of the working class as being
essentially an opportunistic opposition that is capable of putting people in
the streets, but is also quite capable of bringing them out of the streets. The CTA has been the most active and radical of the trade unions, led by the
ATE, the public employees union. They have been involved with the piqueteros
and the unemployed. They have raised very important structural issues. However, they have not at
any point called into question the capitalist system. Moreover, they have a
tendency to engage in militant actions and then step back and negotiate.
They have been conscious of their position as state employees--and therefore
very much engaged in negotiating with the state and paying lip service to
the rest of the working class. They say that we ought to unify the unemployed and the public employees. But
the experience of the unemployed workers with the national leadership of the
CTA--and, particularly, the ATE--has been that they become auxiliaries. And
when the real negotiations take place, its over cutbacks in employment in
the public sector. Thats why the unemployed decided to go and organize for
themselves. Now, there are powerful sectors of the public employees unions, plus sectors
of the teachers union, that have engaged in mass struggle and
confrontations--and have suffered some injuries and deaths even in these
great mobilizations. I think one has to distinguish between the national of the CTA and to a lesser degree the Moyano group--and the rank and file.
This is especially true in the provinces, where you will find very radical,
very militant trade unionists, local leaders even, as well as the rank and
file. For example, in Crdoba, in Salta, and in Neuqun, where the petroleum
industry is located, you have a great number of trade union activists, some
of whom have been influenced by the piqueteros, who have joined in
struggles. WHAT DO these links between the unemployed movements and rank-and-file union
members look like? I CAN give you an example. Hospital workers in Neuqun were protesting for
weeks, trying to get rid of an abusive director. Finally, the director
called the police in to stop the strikers from blocking the entrance to the
hospital. Word got back to the unemployed. They jumped into their cars and
buses--whatever transport was available--and went up there 300 strong. In
less than an hour, the director was out, and the hospital workers elected a
new director. That was an example of the kind of solidarity between the health workers and
the piqueteros that occurs frequently in the interior of the country. I
think this is a very promising development. But it has to be seen in
context. The pronouncements coming from the general leaderships are not
representative of what they do--and certainly dont correspond to the kinds
of alliances which are building up at the grassroots level. Thats the
significant thing. Im not saying that there arent individual leaders in some particular
sector of industry whove displayed militancy. But the militancy today has
to be understood in a very concrete sense. Where were the leaders of the ATE
and the CTA during the December 20 protests? The militants tell me that they were under the bed. They were notable by
their absence in those great days that brought down the de la Ra
government. They dont show face, as they say in Argentina. And that is very
important, because action tells you a lot more than the speeches and
programs. WHERE DO industrial workers fit into this picture of the labor movement? THE BULK of industrial workers are unemployed today. They used to be 40
percent of the labor force. Theyre under 20 percent today. So we have to think of the unemployed not as some kind of poor, urban street
vendors. Were talking about Argentina. Were talking about guys that worked
in auto plants, who were steelworkers, who were metallurgy and mechanical
workers. When I spoke last May at a meeting in Argentina, I met a great many
workers who had backgrounds in the trade unions. And whats even more interesting are the wives of former industrial workers.
One of the things Ive noted is the militancy and high levels of
participation of wives of industrial workers--wives whove taken on even
more family responsibilities because their husbandshave become disoriented,
in part because of long-term unemployment. The women are the ones to call them out on the picket line--to go down and
be active in order to get a job. Because if youre not on the road blockage,
youre not there to get a job when the assembly meets. To understand the union movement, think that the U.S. [AFL-CIO President
John] Sweeney and the mainstream of the AFL-CIO would be in the CGT. The
left-of-center of the AFL-CIO would probably be with Moyano, the dissident.
Very few trade unionists would be with the CTA. And of course, the militant
section of the CTA would be totally foreign to American trade unionism--or
even most of European trade unionism today. We have to put this in perspective. The mass action and mass confrontations
beginning on the 20th did more to change the political agenda and the
physiognomy of the government than all the general strikes and symbolic
protests of the trade unions in the last five or 10 years. The general
strikes are important when they have a social content--when the workers
occupy the factories and come out and face the government. Thats what I think these movements of the unemployed have. These are
desperate people today. These are not employed workers fighting against a
particular cutback. Theyve lost all their savings. Theyve been out of work
for a long time. Many of them havent seen meat for months. This is a whole
desperate mass of people that cuts across class lines--but in which class
demands are articulated. WHAT ARE the prospects for the development of an organization or party that
can take up the big political questions ahead? THE ORGANIZING principle of the struggle has been hunger. Thats what
started the sacking of supermarkets in December, and the organization of
these road blockages before that. You had what we might call survival
demands for jobs--even low-paying public works jobs at $200 a month--and for
food. Out of that struggle and organization, some of the more advanced workers in
the movement--with trade union experience and some political
experience--began to raise other issues, structural issues like repudiating
the debt, large-scale public investments and the renationalization of
strategic industries. There are Marxists and socialists who are involved in some of these
organizations. But they are there as militants within these movements. They
are not, certainly, the dominant force. And they certainly dont have the
following in these movements to give leadership and direction--at least at
this time. I think what you have is three levels. One is the grass roots, which is
suffering horrendous deprivation. Heres a country that is one of the
leading meat and grain producers in the world, and the workers are hungry.
They dont have beef, they dont have pasta, they cant feed their kids--and
they watch the trains taking tens of thousands of tons of meat to Buenos
Aires to ship to Europe. So this is a provocation. Heres one of the most fertile areas in the world
with large-scale unemployment and with hunger--unprecedented in the history
of Argentina. Thats one level. The second level is the emerging leadership, which has a
conception of structural changes that we might call anti-capitalist and
populist. And then we have a third level, in which the issues of socialism
and of a revolution come into play. While the government continues to avoid the measures to ameliorate the
problems, increasingly the power within these mobilizations is moving toward
the left. A month ago, the issue of foreign debt repudiation was a left-wing
issue. Today, its the mainstream. The issue of massive public works was a
left-wing issue. Today, its moved over into the mainstream. The renationalization of basic strategic industries had a very small group
of supporters. Today, its gaining tens of thousands of adherents.
Intervention in the banks was an issue for the minority. Today, its become
a major issue. So the whole political debate has moved to the left, as the left begins to
gain ideological hegemony. But its the ideas, not an organized left. >From socialist worker online MIYACHI TATSUO
miyachi9 at gctv.ne.jp

@_date: 2002-01-15 08:21:20
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: ENRONs END."The magic of Capitalism."  
First a word from our sponsors,fine aussie ale and ...
"You're either with us or you're with the pretzels! " Bush announces.
by The Snack Food Conspiracy.
10:48am Mon Jan 14 '02
Bush addresses the nation.
This morning, Bush made a public announcement on the terrorist pretzel attack.  In front of an anxious group of reporters, Bush stated, "You're either with us, or you're with the pretzels."
This came after announcing the military operation, "Enduring Crunch," earlier in the day, where pretzel factories around the world will be bombed regardless of whether they produced the actual terrorist pretzels or not.
"This will be a long battle and we must stand united against terrorist INTERNET POLITICS
Homeland Security, Homeland Profits
By: Wayne Madsen
Posted: 12/21/2001
Government spy agencies seek new ways to monitor the Internet. Civil libertarians worry about privacy while software companies stand to make Assassinating larry the series.
OIL, GAS & COAL
Enron: Pulling the Plug on Global Power
By: Pratap Chatterjee
Posted: 12/13/2001
How could one of the most wealthy and powerful corporations in the world go bust overnight? It turns out that the 7th largest US business was mostly smoke and mirrors.Like the whole system of Govt actually.

@_date: 2002-01-15 08:44:06
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Tim May,Gutless conservative,fake anarchist and serial pest is 
(Bill White is an east coast Tim May.)
 >
 > Sounds to me like they've mixed up two groups.
 >
 > anarchists and libertarians.
 >
 > And for better or worse, there are nowadays a LOT of conservative
 > libertarians who call themselves "anarchist." In my opinion they've
 > usurped that word. There doesn't seem to be anything anarchistic
 > about conservative libertarianism. The fastest way to sort that one
 > out with someone would be to ask them if they're pro or anti police-state.
 >
 > Somewhere within how they define their acceptance of some or all of
 > a police-state they clarify that they're definitely not anarchist.
Actually, there are many American libertarians, but very few people who
are right or conservative anarchists. Since Seattle, their numbers have
gotten even smaller, with many people finding out what anarchism is
really about.
Anarchists have been debating these few "anarcho-capitalists" for nearly
a decade. More information on this debate and the nature of so-called
right-wing anarchism can be found online at:
The search through the caves of corralitos goes on.

@_date: 2002-01-15 09:57:59
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: True Names reviewed on /.Transparent nonsense. 
Our resident snitch and shill has this to say...
 >>... this to say about our Resident
Author: "Timothy May, who is perhaps best
known for his ranting posts ...<<
Our resident author? Whats this "our" whiteman! Tim may be rsa approved and good for Bidnoz,but he is an author like the shrub is a president.He has thrown together some stuff like the cyphernomencon,eons ago that is a mile wide and a fraction of an inch thick.He writes the odd good review or put down or blast or even joke,but AUTHOR!? PLEASE.He may join the list of thinnest books of the world one day but I fear he's getting senile.How many dud predictions can you make in one forum? How many times can you bitch about your Home State for over 5 years and not just MOVE? And how many times can you call for the nuclear destruction of the innocent majority of a terminally corrupt city? Also how often can you call for an untested pipe dream of "anarcho-capitalism"? And duck debate on proven anarcho-syndicalist alternatives? How often can you repel minorities,steal and distort ideas,twist the meaning of concepts 180' while collecting arms and laying in supplies like Kurt Saxon? Lastly how long can you stem the slide of the terminally egocentric into a west coast Bill White?

@_date: 2002-01-15 10:57:40
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Bill Scannell as Dirty harry. 
Hey kids Google can do something!
"Car 64 -- Where are You?"   The December 1999 Physical Meeting of the San Francisco Bay Area
   Cypherpunks will feature community-building discussions with senior
   members of the SF Police Department Academy staff, including a short
   presentation of the SFPD Academy's history, mission and future by
   our host Lt. Lon Ramlan, discussions of the state of the SFPD's
   computer crime facilities and technology with senior members of the
   investigative staff and an opportunity to offer our thoughts on
   computer crime, network security and privacy concerns to interested
   and open-minded SFPD Academy leadership.   We'll also enjoy a short presentation by the Society of Former
   Primes' director of disinformation, Bill Scannell on safe sex with P.I.Gs.
  Squeal like a pig Boy!

@_date: 2002-01-15 20:35:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Shrubs wild years 
Skeletons in the closet and black eyes.
"One of the interesting initiatives we've taken in Washington, D.C., is we've got these vampire-busting devices. A vampire is aa cell deal you can plug in the wall to charge your cell phone."Denver, CO. Aug. 14, 2001
"Well, it's an unimaginable honor to be the president during the Fourth of July of this country. It means what these words say, for starters. The great inalienable rights of our country. We're blessed with such values in America. And I--it's--I'm a proud man to be the nation based upon such wonderful values."--Visiting the Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D.C., July 2, 2001
"We spent a lot of time talking about Africa, as we should. Africa is a nation that suffers from incredible disease."--After meeting with the leaders of the European Union, Gothenburg, Sweden, June 14, 2001
"It's very important for folks to understand that when there's more trade, there's more commerce."--Quebec City, Canada, April 21, 2001
"I've coined new words, like, misunderstanding and Hispanically."Radio-Television Correspondents Association dinner, Washington, D.C., March 29, 2001
"I am mindful not only of preserving executive powers for myself, but for predecessors as well."Washington, D.C., Jan. 29, 2001
"Then I went for a run with the other dog and just walked. And I started thinking about a lot of things. I was able toI can't remember what it was. Oh, the inaugural speech, started thinking through that."Pre-inaugural interview with U.S. News & World Report, Jan. 22, 2001 issue
"Redefining the role of the United States from enablers to keep the peace to enablers to keep the peace from peacekeepers is going to be an assignment."Interview with the New York Times, Jan. 14, 2001 (Thanks to Rachael Contorer.)
"The California crunch really is the result of not enough power-generating plants and then not enough power to power the power of generating plants."Interview with the New York Times, Jan. 14, 2001
"They misunderestimated me."Bentonville, Ark., Nov. 6, 2000
More at

@_date: 2002-01-15 21:15:27
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Victoria Police Crime Stoppers $1000 bounty 
>>How can I receive a reward and still remain anonymous? The caller is advised to call back after a scheduled board meeting at
which the reward amount will be considered. Suitable arrangements will
then be made for payment of the reward. At all times the identity of
the caller is safeguarded. The normal practice is for the caller to
identify themself with their code number. Crime Stoppers can then make
a cash deposit of the reward amount into a nominated bank account or
alternatively, arrange cash payment at a nominated location.<<
This is great,with encryption it'll be even better.I dropped the dime on a "chop chop' tobacco seller a couple of years ago.
Filthy habit."Used to be sodomy was frowned on and smoking approved of."If I did the same thing now I could score enough for a second hand dell!
"Encryption can pose potentially insurmountable challenges to law enforcement when used in conjunction with communication or plans for executing serious terrorist and criminal acts."

@_date: 2002-01-15 22:00:42
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: An Apology To mattd 
>>Mattd, In a recent post to the cypherpunks mailing list, I implied that you were a
borderline retarded, imbecilic loser with absolutely nothing of any interest
to say. I was wrong.<<
Actually I would have trouble arguing with that but for some few who listen and respond,not just directly but on lists,so I know I'm not alone.
  What I meant to say was that I believe you to be a sad, pathetic teenager << (Why thank you!) >>of
limited intelligence who has never quite recovered from the wedgies meted
out by your betters. <<
Last one to try got a split lip.It was so long ago I forget.Im 47,btw.How young did you say U were?
And does Might make right?
Meet Faustine and Tim and Marc,theres plenty of bullies and their bootlickers here.
  That you eschew the name your parents gave you in
favor of the nom de perdant 'mattd' ( (door)matt?) proves well the point.
Ah... the point mattT was taken? I've only been online a little over a year.Dont tread on me.
  >>If you somehow manage to gain employment despite the economic downturn and
your limited qualifications, <<
I work the black seam,since the gst its exploded.Collapse of Govts predicted.
 >>you might find your self-respect improved <<
Some find it to high,you cant please everyone.
 >>to
the point where you can contribute in a positive way to society.<<
WTF! Is this Punks and Anarchy or the fucking junior woodchucks? BUCK you   >>You can't live off federal welfare assistance forever.  <<
Well the dole only lasted 10 years and the invalid pension 20 so I guess Ill have to go on the age pension soon.Your right.Crypto-anarchy will never happen right Bill?
 >>The quick service
restaurant industry might well be a field where you can gain the discipline
you'll need before approaching cypherpunk list members for a position as an
entry-level assistant.<<
I applied to Mc Donalds last May.Haven't heard back.Id like to be your funeral director.
  >>Feel free to threaten to have me killed.<<
OK.Ill go you one better if you want.
   >>I haven't had a death threat in
months. -Bill 777 --- 777  777 --- 777<<
Your don't get out much do you.
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety."
- Benjamin Franklin. Wonder what old ben would say about ad hominems?

@_date: 2002-01-15 22:46:58
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Justine's Faust.Questions. 
>> The Tristan Chord: Wagner and
Philosophy (Bryan Magee, 2001, 397 p.) When? Last week.<<
Is there any mention of Bakunin and Wagner in Dresden during an 1848 era uprising? Its been suggested Siegfried might have been modelled on Bakunin at the barricades. The reviews of this book are worth a look at Amazon.
 >>VCR: the old BBC
productions of Shakespeare's Timon of Athens, <<
Ever thought about greek birth control? The greek technique?
 >>The Merchant of Venice, <<
If I prick you...how does that go? Something about 2handfulls of flesh.
 >>Richard
II, <<
Was he the one with the hump?
 >>and Henry IV part 1, one a night. <<
Thats good.Im lucky to get one a week.
 >>Some C-SPAN, bookTV on C-SPAN 2. <<
When Adam delved and Eve span,who then was the Gentleman?
 >>So the next time you feel like sniffing at somone else's <<
 >>reading and leisure
habits on the basis of age alone, perhaps it would be helpful to trouble
yourself to learn the tiniest little bit about what they are, eh? Agh, back to work. :)<<
Your right on Girlfriend! This site is bunch of boring old farts.Especially

@_date: 2002-01-15 23:26:04
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Faustine the Imbecile. 
>>"autonomous
decentralized network". Which, if you can believe the RAND Corporation, is
apparently where it's at...<<
Anarchists recognized as clear and present danger,All means to combat approved.
 >>Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda, or drug smuggling
cartels like those in Colombia and Mexico. On the positive side are civil
- -society activists fighting for the environment, democracy and human rights.
What all have in common is that they operate in small, dispersed units that can
deploy anywhere, anytime to penetrate and disrupt. They all feature network
forms of organization, doctrine, strategy, and technology attuned to the
information age. And, from the Intifadah to the drug war, they are proving very
hard to beat." <<
 >>Note their interesting (and vital) distinction between criminal networks and
those "on the positive side". <<
Well actually no,not really.Al Queda have a legit war on the armourer and financier of the terrorist zionists.The US is 'the 'rogue terror state.Drug cartels would not exist without an absurd prohibition and absolutely crazy "drug war".Dont you read Narco news? Silly girl.Criminal is in the eye of the beholder as Tim points out ad nauseum.
 >>God knows I don't speak for anyone here <<
Fuck knows why you come here unless your an agent like Aimee Fart.
 >>but
myself, but in the best of all (im?)possible worlds, those interested in
protecting privacy and freedom through cryptography belong right at the heart
of that side of the continuum.
The tools of cryptography are value neutral you Idiot.Like APster. "the heart of that side of the continuum,"WTF does that mean? Something on Faustine Prime?
 >>Whether or not any of us individually can be successful at being perceived that
way remains to be seen.<<
More dribble.We should worry about how we are perceived???By who? And Why,for fucks sake? Haven't we all got work to do?
There's a lot more that ought to be said on this, any
Theres a lot been said.Your ignoring the archives on the left.You are a serial pest like Tim 'alzeimers' May.
Something to keep in mind, at any rate. ~Faustine.
The abyss calling the abyss. ~ Justine. Keep the divine Marquis in that place you store your mind F.

@_date: 2002-01-16 00:31:17
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Gassner reaches for his luger. 
Victoria Police Commander Leigh Gassner denied police were over-reacting.
"Even the Mexican wave seems pretty harmless, but when you put it into the context of people throwing things, you can't take it lightly," he said.
"There's a cultural issue about where this is occurring and we have to say that culture is no longer tolerated at the MCG, anywhere."
"When I hear the word culture I reach for my Pistol." J.Goebbels.

@_date: 2002-01-16 00:34:25
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: DEATH THREAT! 
Minister Andre Haermeyer said he would convene a working party of police, sports bodies and venue managers to develop a uniform code of conduct for crowd behaviour at Victorian sporting events. He foreshadowed higher on-the-spot fines of up to $10,000 for drunken behaviour and ground invasions.
Mr Haermeyer said the Government and police would consider banning known He said digital face-recognition technology could also be used against terrorism for the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games.
Navy death threat claims
 From AAP
A FORMER navy sailor has claimed he received death threats after alleging he was brutalised while another sailor had a tampon forced into his mouth.
Sam Golledge, a former submariner, told ABC radio and television he was forced to see a defence psychiatrist after making complaints against the navy while he was serving in the Australian Defence Force.
He said he was ordered to take an anti-depressant against his will.
Mr Golledge said in a separate incident another sailor was held down and a used tampon forced into his mouth.
"He doesn't want to be named and he won't come forward with any information while he's still serving in the navy because he believes there is no way he's going to get the answers that he wants, and he's going to look like an outcast as well," Mr Golledge said of his former colleague.
"It's one of those closed places where it's not going to get you anywhere until you get out.
"And if you do, like I have, you're going to be alienated and you're going to receive death threats, things like that."
The navy last week established an inquiry to investigate allegations including the sexual assault of a young female sailor on Christmas Island in early December.

@_date: 2002-01-16 02:19:01
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: assassination politics 
Copies of  jim bell's essay,"assassination politics"essay be sent in all OS's help files.
"the government serves the people; the people don't serve the motherfucking government."and "The people have the power to redeem the work of fools." Patti Smith. PEOPLE POWER!

@_date: 2002-01-16 02:46:24
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: East Coast Events 
NYC Protests Planned Against World Economic
  Forum
Over 1,000 of the world's corporate leaders, along with top political and media representatives, will meet behind closed doors in New York City from January 31 to February 4 at the World Economic Forum's annual meeting. Meanwhile thousands of students, union members and activists plan to protest in what is expected to be the largest American anti-corporate globalization demonstration post-9/11.
Formed in 1971, the Davos-based WEF is viewed by critics as the architect of corporate globalization and the catalyst for the formation of the World Trade Organization. Although the Forum is a private affair, the meeting's clout has begun to rival that of the United Nations as the world's leading global body.
"Should a Forum that is dominated by corporate interests be encouraged to take on the role of mapping out future frameworks for global governance?" asked scholar Peter Goodman in his piece "The WEF: Capital's First For protest organizers such as Students For Global Justice, Another World Is Possible and the New York Anti-Capitalist Convergence the answer is clearly no.
At the same time protesters pour into New York to protest the global elite meet-and-greet, activists in Porto Alegro, Brazil, will attend the World Social Forum to discuss alterative social and economic models to prove "Another World Is Possible".

@_date: 2002-01-16 03:44:16
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Justine's Faust.Questions. 
>>il castrato scrive:
 >
 >Ever thought about greek birth control? The greek technique? No Skuche ala Gats, puttana?
Yeah Justine,my eunuch friend and I wanna Know! No Skuche ala Gats, puttana?
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 2002-01-16 03:59:49
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: No More Mr Nice Guy 
Tom Wales Fought for Gun Control. Maybe He Died for It.
  Photos  Depiction of the murder scene  Tom Wales
(MARLIS DEJONGH)  Wales' home
(AP)  Tom Wales
this Assassination Politics?
  By KIM MURPHY, Times Staff Writer
A community college graduation on a warm june afternoon, the kind where everybody sits in folding chairs in the gym and dads with bobbing video cameras squint down from the bleachers. The commencement speaker, a Seattle prosecutor and gun control activist, walks diffidently to the podium. He's a tall, slight man in spectacles. In his blue suit, he looks ready to try a tax fraud case.
Hardly anybody expects that when Tom Wales finishes talking they'll either feel like hugging him and saying thank you for saying that to my child. Or they'll feel like punching him in the mouth.
Wales knew that's what they'd think. He knew some people would listen, and some would get mad. He didn't care. Because when they were mad, it meant they were alive. As he tells the graduates: "John Lennon said, before he was shot and killed outside the Dakota Apartments in New York, 'Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.'
"Find something you believe in passionately and get into it," Wales says. "Get outraged. Take a stand . . . . Be present in your own life."
Then Wales takes on the National Rifle Assn., the death penalty, the disproportionate number of black people in prison, the country's "foolish" mandatory minimum sentences, and President Bush's inaction on global warming. Whoa. There's some tentative applause and a lot of exchanged glances. This is Edmonds, a conservative suburban outpost north of Seattle, on the political fault line that runs north, south, east and west of the liberal-minded city where Wales had also served two terms as chairman of the city planning commission and hoped to run for city attorney or county prosecutor, and maybe even Congress someday.
"Disagree with me? Go ahead. Please do," Wales says, as if inviting the lady who comes up afterward to tell him it's the worst graduation speech she ever heard. (Somebody else tells him it was the best.) "Go through that door and come battle me on these issues," he says. "Life is not a dress rehearsal, ladies and gentlemen. It's the main event. Don't waste your time on the stage. We're all forgiven many sins in our lives, but the most difficult to forgive, in my view, is wasting the gift of life on this planet."
Four months later, on a frosty October night, Tom Wales says his last lines on the stage, to a 911 dispatcher, after someone stands outside the window of his house, sees Wales at the computer and pumps bullets through the glass. A neighbor sees a man walk quickly from the area and drive away.
The shooter left behind the first nationally known gun control leader killed by bullets in the last two decades of the handgun debate. Wales, 49, had spent more than 15 years with the gun control group Washington CeaseFire. He was preparing to raise funds for further legislation requiring background checks for buyers at gun shows in the state. It would have been a significant step. Legislatures in Western states have been among the most formidable opponents of gun control, although voters in Oregon and Colorado have passed statewide initiatives requiring such checks.
Three months after the murder, with a $25,000 reward posted by the federal government, a joint federal-local task force does not seem close to finding the killer. Was it a defendant Wales once sent to prison? A gun owner angered by Wales' frequent diatribes against the NRA? Someone about to be indicted for a federal crime? Someone who had a personal grudge?
"We've called this an assassination. This was just a very targeted, non-random act," says Seattle Police Chief Gil Kerlikowske, who bucked conservative Washington law enforcement tradition by appearing at gun control events at Wales' side. The police chief broke down recently when shown a picture of himself next to Wales, planting daffodils at a Seattle park in September in memory of a University of Washington pathologist slain with a handgun two years ago. "The murder of a federal prosecutor is unbelievably unique," Kerlikowske says. "We have to ensure that every prosecutor knows that we're going to do whatever it takes, everything possible, to solve this, and to protect them."
The murder made people who knew Wales anxious. Some leaders of Washington CeaseFire dropped out of sight for a time, operating on cell phones out of friends' houses. Especially unsettling were phone calls to the CeaseFire office and messages sent over the Internet. "You all ought to be hung for high treason," one caller said. "Somebody musta thought it was 'time to start shooting the bastards,' " a written message said. "Seems like a good start to me."
Yet another message said, "This bag of guts was either dispatched, eliminated, or culled. Good riddance, and may his soul rot in whichever circle of hell is reserved for government scumbags."
A message addressed to Atty. Gen. John Ashcroft, who oversees all U.S. attorneys' offices, such as the one Wales worked in for 18 years, said: "When you appoint a replacement for this nitwit jerk, please appoint an attorney who . . . . will uphold the Constitution of the United States instead of LYING and VIOLATING his Oath to do so."
Elizabeth Wales, Wales' wife of 27 years until their divorce in 2000, now draws the curtains at night in her Seattle condominium. "As a society, we have every reason to be kinder, more gentle, caring, less brutal. But I have a conviction that this society in America is violent. And when it comes to your doorstep . . . . " She is unable to finish the sentence.
To comfort herself, she remembers how Wales used to take her out in the family boat, way past the lights, where he'd cut the engine and let the boat glide, silent and dark. Look up at the stars, Bizzie, he'd say. Except don't think they're stars. Imagine they're pinpricks, and think about the vast light that must be behind them, shining through. Think about that light, Bizzie.
To understand the politics of gun control in Washington state, you might begin by driving southeast from Elizabeth Wales' condo to the office of independent gun owner lobbyist Al Woodbridge in Sumner, Wash. It's a mere 35 miles, but it's two different planets.
The first is the city that gave birth to the 1999 World Trade Organization protests, a hip town where lawyers carry REI backpacks and beliefs tend toward the predictably liberal: passionate about the environment, committed on human rights and diversity, suspicious of companies that get too big (unless they market software), nervous about guns.
The second--Sumner--is at the foot of Mt. Rainier, and it's a lazy town with a single main street full of kitsch shops. Woodbridge works in a small law office here because, in what he contends was a setup, the federal government effectively shut down his gun shop and convicted him of possessing machine gun parts 18 years ago.
"There should be a reasonable solution to everything," says Woodbridge, a man with an intense gaze and a long gray beard. "But once you step on the Constitution, that's when the reasonability stops and I just tell you no. I don't tell you hell no. I just tell you that it can't be done."
The West has far more Sumners than Seattles. Many folks have rifles in the back of their pickup trucks, or gun cases in their living rooms, or handguns they pack when going into the woods, home to bears and cougars. It rankles when the guys with the REI backpacks in Seattle start talking about registering guns or filing reports just to buy one from a neighbor.
The modest gun control laws on the books can be linked to a Democratic governor and Democrats in the Legislature, who only this fall narrowly regained control of the Legislature. They were elected mostly by the citizens of the Seattle metropolitan area, who account for 3 million of the state's 5.9 million population.
The freedom to buy weapons at gun shows and the absence of laws that would hold owners liable for not locking up their weapons can be traced to the citizens of Sumner and hundreds of similar communities, as well as to the resources of the NRA, which claims 100,000 members in the state, and to activists such as Woodbridge and Alan Gottlieb. The latter, a direct-mail marvel of the far right, claims to raise as much as $24 million a year for causes such as private property rights and gun owners. Gottlieb, of Bellevue, Wash., is founder and director of the Second Amendment Foundation and the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms, which each claim more than half a million members nationally. Last year, the foundation had $6.9 million in revenues and assets, and Gottlieb's American Political Action Committee in the 2000 election disbursed $117,849 to mostly Republican candidates, including $39,686 spent on direct mailings attacking Al Gore (who arguably lost Arkansas, West Virginia and Tennessee--any one of which would have given him the election--on the gun Some say Wales' determination to control guns started in his days at the prestigious Milton Academy, when his roommate, Joseph Kennedy, lost his father, Robert F. Kennedy, to an assassin's bullet.
Wales' son, Thomas Crane Wales VII, now studying for his PhD in history at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, believes his father also was influenced by a 1995 incident while Tom was a student at Garfield High School in Seattle. A 15-year-old freshman ran through the school firing a stolen handgun, injuring two students. "I think it was the first shooting inside Seattle public schools," he says. "Pop came to speak at the school after that. He came, I think, with a bunch of other law enforcement people. He reassured people that the school would be safe, and not to be paranoid or afraid."
Wales joined CeaseFire in the 1990s. It had begun in 1983 as the first state gun control organization in the country and within two years had lobbied successfully for a state law requiring a criminal and mental health history background check on all handgun purchases made through licensed dealers and for a five-day waiting period for delivery. That was five years before approval of the Brady Act, which set a federal waiting period for new buyers of handguns.
In the '90s, Wales was among those who pushed for CeaseFire to have a full-time executive director and to create a state political action committee, which became the only one in the nation to rate, endorse and contribute to candidates based on their gun control views.
"Tom really was the driving force behind professionalizing the organization," says Bruce Gryniewski, hired as the first executive director. Wales' forte was fund-raising. He had a large network of lawyer friends, along with contacts in the business and land development communities through his work on the planning commission. About the time of the Garfield High shooting, Wales had raised $40,000 for opinion polling on the issue of gun violence. Not surprisingly, it showed Washington residents had little appetite for handgun registration. Yet it also suggested that even outside of the Seattle political fault line, residents substantially supported firearm safety issues, including trigger locks and safety training for gun owners.
That was the genesis of the single most important campaign CeaseFire ever attempted, a ballot initiative in 1997 to require trigger locks on weapons, training for gun owners and background checks for gun buyers. It was the first statewide gun control initiative in the nation since California voters turned down a registration initiative in 1982.
Wales was co-chair of the campaign and was instrumental in raising the $1.2 million to support it. Much of that money came from what Joe Waldron, a director of the Washington Arms Collectors and chairman of the campaign against the ballot initiative, calls "the wealthy Seattle elitist crowd," including Microsoft founder Bill Gates and his father, a well-known Seattle In the views of Waldron and Gottlieb, the initiative raised thorny questions. What kind of safety training would be required, for example? Because there weren't enough instructors in the state to train all the gun owners, would people turn into criminals while waiting in line for a class? How about the call for checking medical records of gun buyers to see if they suffered from mental problems. Did people really want medical records opened up to government bureaucrats?
Waldron, a stocky man with a ruddy face and a shock of white hair, still holds his military demeanor from 28 years in the Marine Corps, most recently as chief of the Marine air targeting cell at Central Air Force Headquarters during the Gulf War. "I joined the Marine Corps in 1963 because it was a gun club," he says. "I believe that the shooting sports as originally promoted by the U.S. government in 1903 pushed marksmanship training as a means of military readiness of the country, and that has been true pretty much through this century."
To Waldron, gun ownership may determine the survival of the republic. "In the final analysis, we can talk about smart bombs and things like this, but let's go back to the Gulf War, which everyone thinks was won in the air," he says. "However, I also know that the Iraqis did not withdraw from Kuwait until a man on the ground went in and chased them out with a rifle in his As the election neared, polls found some two-thirds of the state supported the initiative. Wales, who already had support from the League of Women Voters, church groups and the medical community, began working on the state's three big law enforcement organizations. Although they eventually refused to endorse, they appeared likely to remain neutral--a victory of sorts because the public tends to look to the police for guidance on gun The NRA was alarmed. Fearing the initiative could lead to stricter handgun regulation across the West, the organization moved much of its Washington, D.C., operation to Washington state in the weeks before the election and sent then-vice president Charlton Heston barnstorming around the state doing fund-raisers. With the NRA pouring an estimated $2.2 million into the campaign, financing an advertising onslaught in the final weeks, the initiative failed, losing nearly everywhere except Seattle.
To many who knew him, Wales was much more than a gun control advocate. He had climbed nearly every major mountain in the Cascade and Olympic ranges. He baked artisan breads, prosecuted savings and loan frauds and headed a national commission on federal sentencing guidelines. He would drive his daughter to soccer practice three times a week and wait for her in the car with his legal briefs and cell phone. He was immersed in the business of laying an intricately patterned hardwood floor in the family house he kept after his wife left him.
Young Tom Wales remembers when, at age 15, he and his uncle, Rick Wales, and father climbed Mt. Adams. A sudden snowstorm stranded the trio on an exposed ridge. They pitched their tent and hunkered down. "And then this tremendous wind began," Tom says. "When it finally broke upon the tent, it was like being stuck inside a sandwich bag that someone was shaking around powerfully. It took the roof of the tent and blew it in our faces, so we were virtually choking inside. I panicked. We're in the midst of this howling snowstorm, it's completely, totally black outside, and there's these chunks of volcanic rock kind of sandblasting against the side of the tent, and I thought we were going to die for sure.
"But my dad charged outside and somehow managed to heave big boulders up around in a circle around the tent . . . . He came back inside, and this was while all this pandemonium continued, and he kind of put his arm on my back, and when he did that, I knew we'd be OK."
Rick Wales says his brother was always doing that: charging ahead. When they were 10, he says, Tom challenged five bullies who were stealing a balloon from another child. All five turned on Tom, one holding him while the others pelted him with snowballs.
"I remember very clearly walking our bikes up this hill, and he said, 'Well, Ricky, now I guess we know what it's like to get beaten up.' But I hadn't been beaten up. He sort of had this sense that life's resume had these checkpoints on it, and getting beaten up was one of them, and he managed to get it checked off for both of us."
Amy, his daughter, says that when she was very young, most children's books in the house were boys' adventure stories intended for her brother. "My father would take down these books, and before he would read them to me, he would have gone to a room and changed every 'he' to 'she,' and every description or name--if it was Paul, it became Paula. To me, from an early age, it wasn't like I was learning about all these masculine male protagonists. I was learning about wonderful heroic women. He was just making sure that I knew I was his equal."
Elizabeth, after much soul-searching, came out as a lesbian and decided to leave the marriage. Wales was adamant that the children, despite their anger, not be allowed to push her out of their lives, Amy says. The four of them would go on together, he said, just in a new direction. Not that it wasn't the hardest thing that ever happened to him, his daughter says. "I hadn't really seen my father cry, and I remember right after they told me they were splitting up, he took me out on the front porch and we cried together. Never in my mind have I doubted his strength and wisdom, but he was also strong enough and wise enough to let himself cry in front of his Friends say it took several years for Wales to get over Elizabeth's departure. For the last year or so, he had been in a new relationship with a 50-year-old ultramarathon runner, Marlis DeJongh, who owns a court-reporting business in Seattle. A mutual friend introduced them, and they gradually became close. DeJongh brings out photographs of them celebrating a climb near the top of an Olympic peak with a flask of single-malt scotch.
The only furniture in DeJongh's new condo is a leather sofa Wales helped her pick out. Buy the best thing you can afford, he told her, even if it's the only thing you have. Wales would arrive at her house with grocery bags, grab a pad and write out the menu for the evening (one recent night's offering: filet mignon; pasta with fresh tomato sauce, basil and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; puree of peas and watercress; salad with apples, walnuts and Gorgonzola; hazelnut/ almond torte with melon), then start cooking.
DeJongh was also one of a long list of people who got Wales' lovingly baked, much maligned holiday fruitcakes. He took no end of abuse about them until a few years ago, when the Seattle Post-Intelligencer printed his fruitcake recipe. Wales sent out an e-mail to everyone who had ever been a grudging recipient. "A doorstop no more," it proclaimed in the subject line.
Wales had a habit of suddenly interrupting his work to fire off a heartwarming e-mail. On Oct. 2, his former brother-in-law, Eric Redman, got an e-mail from Wales about a Robert Fayrfax CD Redman had given him. "Listening to Fayrfax, on my new computer at home, I'm reminded by the music to tell you how much I love you and value our friendship--and, in ways more real than familial, our kinship. Tom."
DeJongh would get e-mails during the day, fondly recalling the night before, suggesting lunch. "I'm sitting here thinking how powerful you are, how great a life force you have within you, and how lucky I am to have you as a friend, and a lover. Way lucky. I'd guess only one of you is born about every 400 years; that's my guess, anyway."
One recent night, she was watching a video of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon"--one of Wales' favorite movies. He had seen it eight times. He never would admit that he identified with the sad-hearted warrior, the one who falls victim to his enemy's hate in the end. "He was too humble," DeJongh says. Wales believed one of the great romantic lines in cinema came from the movie, something the warrior tells his lover when he's dying. DeJongh can recite it by heart. "I would rather be a ghost drifting by your side, a condemned soul, than to enter heaven without you. Because of your love, I'll never be a lonely spirit."
So DeJongh sits in her own quiet hell, on the leather sofa Wales picked out, and tells herself she finally found the world's most perfect man, and then she lost him.
Wales' last major push for CeaseFire began just over a year ago. After defeat of the 1997 ballot initiative, the organization went to work on state legislation that would hold parents criminally responsible if a child got their guns and injured someone. The so-called Whitney Graves bill is named for an 8-year-old Marysville, Wash., girl accidentally shot to death by a 10-year-old friend. A total of 17 states now have such child access laws. Even Gottlieb broke ranks with the NRA to support the bill.
But one dependable reality of Washington politics is the demise of the Whitney Graves bill each year in the House Judiciary Committee, co-chaired by pro-gun-rights Rep. Michael J. Carrell of Lakewood. One year, CeaseFire got the bill introduced in a different committee, chaired by a legislator whose daughter died in a street crime. Carrell had it referred back to Judiciary and killed it.
But the shooting deaths of 12 students and a teacher in 1999 at Columbine High School in Colorado turned the gun control debate in Washington in a new direction. The guns had been purchased at a gun show. CeaseFire joined several other states to begin pressing for background checks at gun shows similar to those required at gun shops.
Oregon and Colorado passed such initiatives in 2000, but Wales and Gryniewski, still smarting from the 1997 defeat, wanted to try the Legislature before taking on another ballot initiative. They didn't expect what happened next. "We were the next state to fall on this issue, and the NRA started getting scared," Gryniewski says. The NRA's Western lobbyist in Sacramento, Brian Judy, called him in December 2000 and said, " 'Let's get together and talk about gun shows,' " Gryniewski says. It was an offer without precedent: the NRA would sit down with a gun control organization and negotiate legislation that placed limits on handgun purchases.
The talks were tentative at first. Judy, who declined to be interviewed for this article, would fly into Seattle-Tacoma airport. Wales and Gryniewski would meet him for dinner at the nearby 13 Coins. The purpose was to try to narrow down the points of disagreement. What kind of checks would be done? Would they be handled by local police or the state patrol? What kind of records would be kept of the checks? Would they be instant checks? How long should a check take before a sale goes through? Could the gun still be delivered before the end of the weekend? And last, what's the definition of a gun show? Does it include flea markets? Sporting events?
The weekly meetings continued for a month or so, until word of them leaked out and the process took a major turn. State political leaders and others joined in the negotiations. Carrell and Democratic counterpart Chris Hurst chaired the sessions. Lobbyists for the major police unions joined in, as did Woodbridge. Waldron was there, too, irritated that anyone was talking about a gun show loophole. For one thing, licensed firearms dealers have to do background checks no matter where they're doing business, and such groups as Washington Arms Collectors, which promotes major gun shows all over the state, do their own background checks. CeaseFire wasn't satisfied. WAC's background checks weren't as comprehensive as they would have liked, and gun shows not sponsored by WAC often required no background checks of unlicensed dealers.
Waldron says his side searched for ways to satisfy the gun control advocates. "We kept crawling out on that limb," he says. "But CeaseFire never gave us any indication, OK, this is what we'll go with, this is what's acceptable to us. Everything was always a problem, or it was, 'Well, we'll have to go back and see if our board authorizes that.' Well, what incentive is there for me to negotiate if I can never meet your standard?"
Gryniewski has a different view. "Tom was an incredibly skilled negotiator," he recalls. "Because of his experience in the courtroom, he knew how to ask questions, he knew how to probe. He was great at getting information. Also, he was an incredibly dynamic public speaker."
The talks broke down in April, each side blaming the other. Waldron says Wales warned him that if gun owners didn't go along with the gun show language that CeaseFire was proposing, the group would go to the voters with an even stricter ballot initiative. "He ended that by saying, 'That's not a threat, that's a reality,' Waldron says. "Well, no. That's a threat."
CeaseFire quickly followed through, as did Wales, who was poised to do what he does best: raise money. CeaseFire hoped for a substantial donation from Americans for Gun Safety to run a gun show initiative.
And then came that October night.
A sad irony of Wales' death is that he may be better situated in death to win passage of gun control legislation than he ever was in life--an irony not lost on either side of the debate. His murder brought a flood of donations, to CeaseFire and to an endowment his family set up for causes to which he was committed. With more than $400,000 raised so far, CeaseFire hopes to guarantee the organization's operations permanently, freeing up regular contributions for direct political applications. Woodbridge finds CeaseFire's actions distasteful. "I realize most of those guys think I'm a bad guy," he says, "but I would never raise money from the body of a friend of mine."
A month after the killing, the November elections changed the Statehouse, with Democrats picking up a narrow majority, likely ending Carrell's lock on gun legislation and raising CeaseFire's hopes that it can win the background check issue.
The only certainty in Tom Wales' death is the tragic validation of his concern about handguns. To those who are certain the murderer must have been a crazed gun owner, let it be known there exists no shortage of other To begin with, Wales had a weird encounter in July in the parking garage of his office. He backed out of his parking space and accidentally hit a limousine. As the limo driver, Fred Coleman, tells it, "I said, 'Excuse me, I need your license and insurance information.' He said, 'Well, there's no mark there, and he rubbed it off.' And I said, 'I'm going to have to account for it to my company.' He told me to [bug] off." Wales drove off, nicking a newspaper delivery truck on the way out. Coleman called the police, who wound up charging Wales with two counts of hit and run.
In Wales' view, Coleman was being so argumentative that he was afraid to give him his license. Besides, there was no damage. The case was dismissed when the limousine company declined to seek damages. After the murder, Coleman was among the first interviews police conducted. "I had no idea who he was until the police came down here and asked me some questions about the incident," Coleman says. "I happen to have a .380 [.38-caliber handgun] and they took it in, but they said it was the wrong brand of gun." Sources familiar with the investigation say Coleman has been ruled out as a suspect. As for other possibilities, FBI agents and a Justice Department organized crime prosecutor from Washington, D.C., are going over dozens of white-collar crime cases that Wales prosecuted.
In one, investigators have looked at a defendant who claims he was the victim of an irresponsible prosecution by Wales and another in a case involving military helicopter parts illegally installed on civilian helicopters by a company that then sold the aircraft to the U.S. Forest Service. The company that sold the helicopters paid fines to settle the case and charges against the two defendants were dismissed. Nonetheless, the case left bad blood. One defendant filed papers in court claiming the charges were unfair and saying they had ruined his life. Prosecutors urged the court to keep secret the identity of witnesses who could prove the allegations, saying they had evidence of the "violent and retributive nature" of one defendant.
FBI agents interviewed a Snohomish County man who claims he met several times with Wales in the weeks before his death about purported wrongdoing by a variety of local government officials in western Washington. But they were never able to corroborate his story.
In the end, gun advocates say they had far more to lose than gain from Wales' death. The Tyranny Response Team, considered the far right of the gun owner movement, contended in an op-ed piece that the murder was "way too sloppy" for a skilled gun advocate. "Five shots fired, only two hits at very close range. Anyone who could actually shoot would have done it with a single head shot, not a 'spray and pray' tactic," says TRT representative Kevin Schmadeka. "Then the shooter walked to his car, which was parked in plain view on the main road . . . . I assure you, 'gun people' are generally up to speed on combat tactics and know better than that. Not to mention the fact that someone who was concerned about gun control would not have used a gun. A baseball bat . . . would have been every bit as effective, a lot quieter, and with no negative political fallout."
Which leaves police back where they started.
"We will solve this case," Kerlikowske has pledged, though he won't say how. The family knows better than to keep asking. For their part, they've decided to keep the old family house on Hayes Street and finish the wood floor Wales was working on. Get the kitchen done, finally. Hope that someday they can go to that house and think of something besides the killer who lurked outside, waiting to take the man whose light burned by the window.
Kim Murphy is The Times' Seattle bureau chief.

@_date: 2002-01-16 04:42:29
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Contract out on john Perry Barlow 
As a Republican Party official in Wyoming,he helped elect Dick Cheney to Congress.I say he is probably also responsible
for cattle mutilations in the midwest and mad cow disease.I swear to pay 1 proffr dollar to soft drill this SOB.ASAP.
Ill be Grateful when he's DEAD.In the spirit of Crazy Horse,professor Rat.Yipee Ki YaBasta MuthaFUCKER!
"It is up to us to transfer the battle of Genoa to all levels, in all the places and moments that domination is operating with its political, economical, military and ideological weapons, the struggle against globalization continues in all the fronts it is revealing itself: from the dictatorship of the markets and of social control, to its current militarized imposition through the +war against terrorism; "

@_date: 2002-01-16 05:16:34
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Lompoc Blues 
Jailbirds remember porridge online
By Tim Richardson
Posted: 14/01/2002 at 11:53 GMT
The craze for reunion Web sites has taken a new twist following the creation of a site dedicated to re-uniting old jailbirds.
Convicts Reunited was set up as a spoof site last month but since then has attracted 3,000 subscribers.
A statement on the site reads: "This website is for Convicts and Ex-convicts who have either lost contact with old prison inmates or maybe looking for fellow conns for their next bank job.
It ends: "Please note, this site is run by ex-convict personnel only, no part of this site was created by non-convicts so we understand your needs However, when pressed Mike Breach admitted that neither he nor co-founder, Chris Harvey, had spent any time behind bars. "It started off as a joke but people have been registering with us," he said. .
Related Story
Students hit by new reunion site

@_date: 2002-01-16 05:34:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: The vital private archive 
>>"You may not speak anonymously on CD-R". I don't know what level of work would be required to modify it. Peter Trei<<
You may not speak anonymously on this list if your parole officers are reading because Peter Trei will dob you in,wont you peter? This is a nice little site to recruit rsa employees.The rsa is a jolly little Co that threatens educational Institutions for using PGP. They used to harass phill Zimmerman when the Govt wasn't.I dont know what level of APster it will take to get rid of rsa...but Id like to find out.APster attack is the best defence.Archive,sure.Attack above all.ATTACK.
FEAST OF THE ASS: In the European Middle Ages,
maidens ride asses to church, priest bray & sing hymns
with heehaw choruses.
also the birthday of Paul Lafargue,
Karl Marx's wayward son-in-law & author of
The Right to be Lazy [1842].

@_date: 2002-01-16 05:38:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Anarchist Links:Anarchy is not a lack of order. 
1809 -- Pierre-Joseph Proudhon lives, France. Famous
philosopher, economist, sociologist, often referred to as
the 'father of modern anarchism'. Project Gutenberg
(& other sites) has online texts of The Philosophy of Misery
(written in response to Marx's attack on him, The Poverty of
Philosophy) & What is Property.
"Property is theft!"
"Anarchy is order."
"Whoever puts their hand on me to govern me is my enemy."

@_date: 2002-01-16 11:42:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: No to Cryptanalysis within a thousand miles of 
>
 > WHY?WHY?!WHY? He was so young.
I highly highly recommend the movie 'Nothing So Strange'!
This movie is so good that I have now watched it 423 times in
a row. I have watched it non-stop since I first received it
anonymously in the mail from Bill Gate's wife and her secret
lover, Robb London. I don't eat, I don't sleep, I just sit and
sharpen my ChainSaw, and watch the movie over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over,
and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and...
---- -----
Full Text Of oToT's ReView&OR&ReVue&OR&DJVue
may be seen at:

@_date: 2002-01-16 13:49:37
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: InterGalactic Anarchist Convention 
InterGalactic Anarchist Convention
January 17 - January 20, 2002 / New York City
We have always lived in slums & holes in the wall. . . We will know how to accommodate ourselves for a time. For, you must not forget, we can also build. It is we the workers who built these palaces & cities, here in Spain & in America & everywhere. We, the workers. We can build others to take their place. & better ones. We are not in the least afraid of ruins. We are going to inherit the earth. There is not the slightest doubt about that. The bourgeoisie might blast & ruin its own world before it leaves the stage of history.
We carry a new world here, in our hearts, & that world is growing in this  Buenaventura Durruti
Do you want to come with me to New York City
Yes or no?It is a question of life and death for us all.
We will either conquer or die,because defeat
will be so terrible that we could not survive it.
But we will conquer.I have faith in our victory.
I only regret that I speak to you in this space.
Someday with capital abolished we will live in a free society.

@_date: 2002-01-16 14:00:16
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Worlds biggest Gunshops; USUK 
arms push to India.Worlds biggest Minefield created.Nuclear sabre rattling in south west asia.
Blair criticised over deal days after promoting peace.
60 Hawk jets in package promoted by ministers.
by Richard Norton-Taylor and Ewen MacAskill
Saturday January 12, 2002
The Guardian
The government is mounting an intensive campaign to boost arms sales to India, including 60 Hawk jets worth  in spite of the danger of the India-Pakistan dispute over Kashmir spilling into war and destabilising the entire region.
The arms push comes only a week after Tony Blair visited India and Pakistan. He expressed the hope that "we can have a calming influence" and warned of the "enormous problems the whole of the world would face if things went wrong".
More on YOUR GOING TO REAP JUST WHAT YOU SEW.

@_date: 2002-01-16 14:16:09
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Proff Rat denies computer scales crack. 
Rude remarks out of order
By KELLY RYAN
A WAYWARD weighing machine that told a woman "get off fat pig" has been hastily removed from a busy shopping centre.
Red-faced operators pulled the plug on the renegade scales after furious complaints about offensive comments it added to personal weight details.
The coin-operated scales are programmed simply to print a person's height, weight and body mass details.
One man was stunned to read "Fat c---" at the bottom of his ticket.
The Body Weight machine, one of about 20 in Melbourne, was removed from the Greensborough Plaza yesterday.
Bruce Hamilton weighed himself on Sunday, concerned he was carrying some extra Christmas padding.
The machine told him his weight was up slightly to 79kg.
But his wife noticed the message on the bottom of the ticket.
"I was more worried about my weight than the message," the Greensborough father-of-two said yesterday.
"But it is a public facility and some people could have been devastated and deeply offended by it."
Supplier Ian Sargent said he believed only one weight machine had been maliciously tampered with.
Mr Sargent, who admitted to "a couple of new love handles since Christmas", said he would have been offended by the message.
Normally, tickets carry nice messages such as "Happy Christmas" or "Happy New Year".
Technicians have now changed a password that allows access to a hidden keypad within the machines.
Mr Sargent described the episode as a "cruel practical joke".

@_date: 2002-01-16 14:25:30
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Lap Tops A Go Go. 
$1.2m PCs go missing
By RICK WALLACE
MORE than 500 notebook computers were lost or stolen from federal government agencies in the past year.
The lost computers, some of which contain sensitive government documents, will cost taxpayers $1.2 million
And bureaucrats seem to have few clues about where they went.
Just two convictions have been recorded over their disappearance.
And with several large departments, including the tax office and defence, yet to report losses the toll could climb higher.
Telstra headed the lists of worst offenders for computer losses with 357.
The telecommunications giant lost 170 to carelessness and 187 to theft, costing $645,000.
But its performance was better than the year before, when it lost 1000.
The CSIRO, Australia Post and the Family and Community Services Department were among the other leading losers.
Along with taxpayers' money, the losses have also seen top-level government secrets lost.
A notebook computer that vanished from the Department of Industry and Resources contained a Cabinet document.
Another that disappeared from the Prime Minister's department contained a report from the Auditor-General.
Agencies that re sponded to the questions also lost another $332,000 in desktop computers and electronic equipment.

@_date: 2002-01-16 14:38:53
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: BIOTERROR THREAT ALERT. 
1984  Extortionist sends letter to Queensland Primary Industries Department threatening to release foot and mouth virus unless state jails are reformed.
70 McDonalds junk food frannies are on "alert" today after a big anthrax mailout.Proffr denies any involvement and has bombproof alibi.(he was shagging sheep.)
Fruit fly and fireants are being spread around OZ by undercover laskar jihadis,according to phone psychic Baba Rum Rasin
Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad of Malaysia said that the United States has been learning from his country how to combat terrorism and that the West, which once accused him of trampling on human rights, now is following "It's no good taking action after the crime," Mr. Mahathir said. "We have to act in anticipation, and not in the usual manner, because having to find proof of a crime which has not yet been committed is difficult."Zambia and Zimbabwe have also been quick to crack down on International terrorism.

@_date: 2002-01-16 14:54:21
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: True Names 
True lies...unless you use dna...
Blood spilt in anti-war anger
By DENNIS SCHULZ
Wednesday 16 January 2002
When Ararat artist Geoff Todd decided to use his own blood as a painting medium, he was unprepared for the psychological result.
Todd had chosen to paint in his blood to make a dramatic statement decrying Prime Minister John Howard's decision to become involved in the war in Afghanistan. But when the images began to take shape on his canvas, the blood/paint took on an intimate  meaning that the artist never foresaw.
"I was overcome by the fact that this was more serious than I intended," says Todd. "It has a sort of sacredness."
The first of Todd's paintings, (to be catalogued as "artist's blood, acrylic medium and charcoal on canvas") are now complete, with two to be entered in the Dobell Prize for drawing at the Art Gallery of New South Wales later this year. They are works expressing the artist's outrage over the decision to commit troops to a foreign conflict.
"It worries me that we were prepared to respond so aggressively, so quickly," says Todd. "I think Mr Howard's response was too quick. No one took a breath and I know that politicians at that level are allowed to take a breath."
An artist of international repute, who is perhaps better known in Europe and South-East Asia than in his native Australia, Todd has never sidestepped controversy. At the opening of a 1996 Indonesian exhibition, a Todd drawing of a nude was ordered by police to be covered. The work was later shown at the Australian Embassy in Jakarta.
Then, as Indonesia prepared to go to the polls in 1999, he produced a one-man show at the Museum Benteng Vredeberg in Yogyakarta depicting the turbulent life of revolutionary hero Diponegoro. Todd's work struck a chord with Indonesians who were searching for candidates of substance, epitomised by the 19th-century ascetic who nearly brought the colonial Dutch undone.
The idea to use blood as a medium came to Todd, 51, while working at his studio/home in the old Terminus Hotel in Ararat. Angered by reports that the provenance of works by Aboriginal artists were being questioned by urban art dealers, Todd reasoned that the only way indigenous artists would be able to establish authorship was to provide blood samples on the back of their paintings that could then be DNA tested.MORE AT...

@_date: 2002-01-16 21:50:28
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
"Stop the Violence!"?
Policing the antiglobalization movement
The antiglobalization movement will continue to build in numbers,
coherence and effectiveness as evidenced by the recent events in Gothenburg,
Sweden and Genoa, Italy. (This will happen despite the currently
overwhelming mainstream-media focus on Bush's crusade against non-US- and
non-Israeli-controlled terrorism.) Just as importantly, more and more people
around the world are increasingly sympathetic with the range of messages and
goals associated with the antiglobalization movement. As a direct result,
the establishment media around the world continue to work overtime to put a
negative spin on the movement, while the national and international forces
of repression are also becoming increasingly active, violent and deadly.
This isn't unexpected for all those who understand that no government in the
world, nor any multinational corporation seeking to steal and exploit the
world's resources, will sit by and allow such a potentially powerful and even potentially revolutionary movement to develop unhindered.
Violence has always been the last-though in many places and times also
the first-resort of the rich and the powerful when confronted by growing
legions of protestors resisting their rule. The responses are predictable.
The people who have gained riches all out of proportion to the value of
their contributions (if any) to society have rarely made their fortunes
without large doses of theft, payoffs, lies, intimidation, or the fruits of
other forms of corruption and violence. And the people who occupy positions
of official power in government don't generally get there by practicing
honesty, sensitivity, justice and nonviolence; they get there by giving
exactly what is demanded to the large corporations, powerful institutions
and rich families who bought their elections (or otherwise installed them in
power). This means that from the minute the first radical activist even
thought about protesting global summits, there were already teams of
intelligence agents, secret police (FBI, CIA, DIA, BATF, etc.) and local red
squads at work to defend their masters. Most of these agents and police
carry deadly weapons for a good reason-they are ready to imprison or kill
anyone who threatens the status quo of concentrated political power,
concentrated wealth, concentrated media, the corporate rape of the earth for
the extraction of resources, industrial production and consumption, wage
slavery and submission to law.
So who are always the first people to call out to those who protest to
"Stop the Violence!"? Is it the people who are being assaulted and beaten by
cops, gassed with chemical weapons, shot with "non-lethal" as well as deadly
weapons? The people who are suffering the brunt of the violence? Of course
not. This call almost always comes from those who support the great mass of
violence that is always aimed at the protestors by police, their
provocateurs and other government-controlled armed forces. All the opponents
of antiglobalization protests are quite happy and eager to join in calls to
stop the violence of both already self-proclaimed "non-violent" protestors
as well as of those protestors who reserve the power to fight back in self-defense when attacked, herded or corralled by cops. At the same time,
the ubiquitous police violence remains invisible to these people. Why is
State authorities, corporate leaders and their bought-&-paid-for mass
media have one major aim-to hobble, confuse, and eventually disperse and
destroy the current antiglobalization upsurge. Their range of tactics will
include anything that works without causing too many other problems for
them. This means that police violence and judicial repression, along with
lies and the sowing of mass confusion will remain their favored set of
weapons. Since the truth about capitalism and globalization is their enemy,
they will make every effort to obscure it. And since an informed, concerned,
and active populace is also their enemy, they will take every opportunity to
intimidate, harass, beat, jail and terrorize protestors whenever they can
get away with it.
This means one thing above all others for those sympathetic with the aims
of antiglobalization protests: Anyone who calls on antiglobalization
protestors to "Stop the Violence!" without much more pointedly and vocally
calling for an end to violence by cops is playing into the hands of the cops, their governmental masters, and the corporate mass media.
The more liberal arm of the establishment, corporate media will rarely
fail to encourage and praise the liberal, progressive and pacifist
globalization-reform elements for their "responsibility" (read:
"ineffectiveness at fundamentally challenging the powers-that-be"), while
demonizing the radical anticapitalists among antiglobalization protestors.
This is obviously because the liberal arm of the corporate media understands
the importance of recuperating radical resistance. The more conservative arm
of the mass media, like the "bad cop" of the "good" and "bad cop" routine,
will generally denounce any protestors anywhere who aren't explicitly
demanding more power to the corporations and state.
Thus, the liberal media will always eat up statements like that of  Anne
Summers, the international board chair of Greenpeace, who wrote in the
Sydney Morning Herald (7/23/01) that "...the violent part of the
[antiglobalization] movement is to be condemned," even as she expressed
(what she obviously considers an uncontroversial opinion) that people should seriously consider the criticisms of the antiglobalization movement by Henry
Kissinger (a man responsible for nothing less than mass murder in a number
of countries!). By such statements people like Anne Summers make themselves
the enemies of the antiglobalization movement and must be treated as such.
Any genuine movement criticisms of protest violence must always be framed in
the explicit context of the condemnation of the (always much more brutal and illegitimate) violence of the forces of state and corporate repression.
Jason McQuinn, Editor

@_date: 2002-01-16 22:21:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: NSA crippling of crypto makes Congress vulnerable to 
>>Something that's sad is that the National Security Agency has abdicated
its role in helping to secure communications critical to these United
Not to me,any division and mistrust in the enemies ranks is an opportunity to divide and rule them.It is sad how low a pseudo anarchist can stoop in his fog of senility.
  >>To wit, its COMSEC role. Part of the charter of the NSA is to
provide COMSEC for critical communications, including ensuring strong
ciphers. <<
That for critical communications.The recent Anthrax/9-11 scare showed congress is expendable
 >>Because it has spent much of the past decade trying to slow
down strong encryption Blueberries and similar devices are now being given to Congressmen and
other government employees and officials <<
Thats great,they are expendable,even Faustine knows that.
as a means of communicating
with them in times of national emergency. Laptops  Thank the NSA and like Dorothy Denning for stunting the implementation of good crypto in
consumer products. <<
Probably why I haven't issued a fatwa against her yet.She's as dumb as paint so should be an *asset*
Good to know that Al Quaida knows the ARDIS hacks <<
Those fuckwits dont even know APster! Is there an arabic translation of Assassination politics? Hasan al fuck invented the word Assassination.
and will have them
ready to go when they strike next: Blueberry Emergency Alert to Rep.
Barney Frank: "Rep. Frank, report soonest to this [isolated] location in
the woods [where our agents can kill you]. signed, Agent Farr [Abdullah
Al Ragheda]."<<
Forest grunts are already out there.They pay tax and live off others taxes.They can expect no mercy from me.Im not JB.
  --Tim May, Occupied America
Caves of Corralitos,Cali actually,where I bitch and moan constantly about big Goobermint and high taxes and do fuck all about it.Look on my works ye mighty and despair.(kill the president.)
"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759.Yeah what happened to cyberliberty Tim? That was safe.

@_date: 2002-01-17 03:21:18
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Hot Air Jihads. 
has a declaration which includes
many of the crypto-anarchy concepts.
Found in archives circa 96 and still a valid URL.
ALSO RUSH die
 >Salman Rushdie, in a speech I heard several years ago, said that it was
 >widely doubted that Iran would or could actually come up with the three
 >million dollar bounty on his head.
 >This may play a large part in why he is still around.
A few people who basically seem to oppose my idea ("Assassination Politics")
try to use the Rushdie example as being some sort of "evidence" why it
wouldn't work. ("If Rushdie is alive years later, with a few million on his
head, that proves assassination doesn't work...") I, on the contrary, believe that it actually SUPPORTS my theory: Clearly,
nobody has trusted Iran's leadership enough to genuinely believe he would be
able to collect the reward, and thus the apparently size of the reward is
discounted in people's minds. When I respond to these objectors, I point out that if Iran was REALLY
serious about expecting to see Rushdie dead, they would have long ago set up
some sort of system, analogous to AsPol, that would allow an anonymous
assassin to kill Rushdie and collect the reward, guaranteed, without risk of
exposure. Clearly, that hasn't happened. (I think we would have heard
about it if it had.) This doesn't make the Iranians any more "civilized,"
obviously, it just means that they are either less competent or trustworthy
about achieving their goals (or are seen to be so), or that they really don't
want to/can't pay anybody the money for Rushdie's death. I don't recall every seeing anyone even attempt to contradict this
counter-argument; they always agree that nobody really believes anyone can
safely and reliably collect the Rushdie reward. Needless to say, this
raises serious doubts about the competence of many objectors to critically
analyze the issues in AsPol. It would be interesting to get Rushdie's opinion about AsPol.
It's understandable if he had an initial feeling of revulsion about
such a system, on the other hand he should recognize that this system would
also allow opponents of the Iranian government to eliminate those who called
for his death in the first place. It is reasonable to suppose that had this
system been functioning years ago, Iran's government would have been taken
down long ago. >I think all the analyses of the economic costs of protecting one person
 >vs. protecting many people are rather beside the point, in light of this.<I agree. AsPol will work even if a few people can be protected, andprotecting many people is simply not an option.

@_date: 2002-01-17 03:36:52
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: rsa CON. 
Qing Hua Zi Guang Shun Feng Security		
2nd Floor, Bei Lu Office Building, No. 35 Cheng Fu Rd		
HAI DIAN DISTRICT, BEIJING 100083		
Lin Guang Zhang  010-62854806
The Security officers of the ever vigilant totalitarian people's thought police caught a critical poster and locked him away for four years.
Beijing Excellink Networks Co., Ltd.		
Rm311 No 6 An Hui Li San Qu		
Chao Yang District, Beijing 100080		
Bing Guang Chen  010-64974021
Possible synergies with NORTEL in construction of the Great FireWall of China.
MORE at
Dont get me started on Tibet,bear bile farms and But if you see that low dog Peter Trei,give him a black eye.

@_date: 2002-01-17 03:59:41
@_author: mattd 
@_subject: Al Qaeda Crypto 
>>Al Qaeda computer files bought from a seller in Kabul
which were encoded and encrypted....<<
The Horsemen are loose,the Plagues of Egypt,the Dogs of War,the Grapes of wrath.Round up the usual crypto suspects.
Theoretically, because violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 have been included in the terrorism crackdown, hackers and spammers could be sentenced to life in prison.Encryption can pose potentially insurmountable challenges to law enforcement when used in conjunction with communication or plans for executing serious terrorist and criminal acts.- Terrorists, pedophiles, drug dealers of the world unite,you have nothing to lose but your dongle.
Direct action_ is what it's all about.Killing the president,undermining the state through the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax system,through even more direct applications of the right tools at the right times.
When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.HEIL Font: Daschle-Anthrax-Bold
