
@_date: 1998-12-31 10:20:23
@_author: Max Inux 
@_subject: Star Trek and Microsoft (fwd) 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Reply-To: isp-linux at isp-linux.com
Star Trek and Microsoft...
"Mr. LaForge, have you had any success with your attempts at finding a weakness in the Borg? And Mr. Data, have you been able to access their command "Yes, Captain. In fact, we found the answer by
searching  through our archives on late Twentieth-century
computing "What the hell is 'Microsoft'?"
"Allow me to explain. We will send this program, for
some reason called 'Windows', through the Borg command pathways. Once inside their root command unit, it will begin consuming system resources at an unstoppable "But the Borg have the ability to adapt. Won't they
alter their processing systems to increase their storage capacity?"
"Yes, Captain. But when 'Windows' detects this, it
creates a new version of itself known as an 'upgrade'. The use
of resources increases exponentially with each iteration.
The Borg will not be able to adapt quickly enough.  Eventually all of their processing ability will be
taken over, and none will be available for their normal
operational "Excellent work. This is even better than that 'unsolvable geometric shape' idea."
.. . . 15 Minutes Later . . .
"Captain, We have successfully installed the 'Windows' in the command unit and as expected it immediately consumed 85% of all resources. We however have not received any confirmation of the expected
"Our scanners have picked up an increase in Borg storage and CPU capacity to compensate, but we still have no indication of an 'upgrade' to compensate for their increase."
"Data, scan the history banks again and determine if their is something we have missed."
"Sir, I believe their is a reason for the failure in
the '
upgrade'.  Apparently the Borg have circumvented that part of the plan by not sending in their registration
"Captain we have no choice. Requesting permission to begin emergency escape sequence 3F . . ."
"Wait, Captain I just detected their CPU capacity has suddenly dropped to 0%!"
"Data, what does your scanners show?"
"Apparently the Borg have found the internal 'Windows' module named 'Solitaire' and it has used up all the CPU capacity."
"Lets wait and see how long this 'solitaire' can
reduce their functionality."
.. . . Two Hours Pass . . .
"Geordi what's the status on the Borg?"
"As expected the Borg are attempting to re-engineer to compensate for increased CPU and storage demands, but each time they successfully increase resources I have setup our closest deep space monitor beacon to transmit more 'windows' modules from something called the 'Microsoft fun-pack'.
"How much time will that buy us ?"
"Current Borg solution rates allow me to predicate an interest time span of 6 more hours."
"Captain, another vessel has entered our sector."
"It appears to have markings very similar to the 'Microsoft' logo."
"THIS IS ADMIRAL BILL GATES OF THE MICROSOFT
FLAGSHIP MONOPOLY.  WE HAVE POSITIVE CONFIRMATION OF UNREGISTERED SOFTWARE IN THIS SECTOR.  SURRENDER ALL ASSETS, AND WE CAN AVOID ANY TROUBLE. YOU HAVE 10 "The alien ship has just opened its forward hatches and released thousands of humanoid shaped objects."
"Magnify forward viewer on the alien craft."
"Good Grief, captain! Those are humans floating straight toward the Borg ship with no life support
suits! How can they survive the tortures of deep space?!"
"I don't believe that those are humans sir, if you
will look closer I believe you will see that they are
carrying something recognized by twenty-first century man as doe skin leather briefcases, and wearing Armani suits."
"It can't be.  All the Lawyers were rounded up and
sent hurtling into the sun in 2017 during the Great
"True, but apparently some must have survived."
"They have surrounded the Borg ship and are covering it with all types of papers."
"I believe that is known in ancient vernacular as 'red tape' it often proves fatal."
"They're tearing the Borg to pieces!"
"Turn off the monitors. I can't stand to watch, not
even the Borg deserve that."
