
@_date: 1994-02-04 15:00:17
@_author: Marc Briceno 
@_subject: Running regularly 
Xenon askend:
Hal answered:
Netcom has a "policy against detached processes because of the load they
put on the system and therfore 'crontab' and 'at' disabled for all
users.(Netcom support)" To make your life even harder they kill all your
processes upon hangup.
Here is (half) the workaround:
They forgot to disable "sleep" and they also didn't disable "nohup."
You can simply write a script that sleeps for 30 min, executes your program
and goes back to sleep. Call it with "nohup script &" and you're in
The next problem that must be addressed is the auto-logout upon >14min of
inactivity on the modem level that Netcom imposes on you. There is a simple
2 line command that you can add to your .login file to disable the
auto-logout. I saw it once posted in one of the Netcom newsgroups, but I
lost it. Perhaps you might post the question there. I would not advise to
ask Netcom support for it... Some of the messages responding to the above
post talked about "supending the account for intentionally disabling, blah,
blah" 8-)
Good luck,

@_date: 1994-02-04 22:20:00
@_author: Marc Briceno 
@_subject: Running regularly 
I don't know if TMOUT has anything to do with it. I posted the queston in
the appropriate Netcom newsgroups and hope that the original poster will
see it and send me his script. Once he does I will post it to the list.
After all,there is no reason why one shouldn't be able to use one's
computer for other purposes while Netcom's machine is factoring that 50
digit number ;-)

@_date: 1994-02-11 23:52:26
@_author: Marc Briceno 
@_subject: Need ride from SF to CP meeting 
I need a ride from SF to Saturday's meeting. If you are going there and
would like to split the cost for gas, email me with your phone number or
leave a message on my voice mail at (415) 435-7939. Please respond before
11 a.m.

@_date: 1994-03-08 22:55:25
@_author: Marc Briceno 
@_subject: chips... 
X-Anon-To:cypherpunks at toad.com
Routine implants of transponder devices into humans are not a question of
if, but only of when. I predict that they will become routine before the
end of the decade. First they will be voluntary, used primarily  in
children to facilitate identification in case of abduction, some years
later they will become mandatory for all drivers, to combat the use of fake
driver licenses, and soon thereafter transponders will become the primary,
if not sole accepted form of ID for all business transactions. A generation
from now transponders will be mandatory used not only for identification,
but for routine tracking of the movements of every citizen. If you think
this sounds crazy, go to Germany, where you will find a camera on every
major intersection, tracking your every move.
