
@_date: 1996-08-20 08:21:58
@_author: Matthew Carpenter 
@_subject: emscrypt and replay attacks 
... Alan apparrently forwarded my message from technomads to cypherpunks,
but since I'm on cypherpunks too, I got this message.  Anyway, yes it
does have a simple replay attack prevention mechanism.  It keeps track
of the most recent time and date stamp from the PGP signature info and
refuses to executed any message that doesn't have a stamp more recent
than previously executed script.  This simple mechanism can cause
unwanted rejection if scripts are received out of order, but multiple
scripts can be batched into a single message to help overcome this.
See the following URL for a discussion of known limitations and security
concerns with emscrypt:
  mcarpent at mailhost.tcs.tulane.edu    PGP mail preferred, finger for public key.

@_date: 1996-07-10 15:09:27
@_author: Matthew Carpenter 
@_subject: more about the usefulness of PGP 
I'd been thinking of something along those lines as well, but never got
around to actually trying it. But I had some free time yesterday and got a system setup which uses
procmail to pass on the message to a perl script which then decrypts the
message if necessary and checks the signature.  If the signature is good
it then executes the scrypt, encrypts the output from the script, and
mails it back.  I haven't had a chance to do any extensive testing, and
it doesn't have any replay/delay prevention yet.  I should have some
time in a day or two to clean it up though.  Just wanted to let
you know that someone is working on it.  I don't want to distribute it
yet, since it is still rather messy and possibly buggy.
mcarpent at mailhost.tcs.tulane.edu

@_date: 1996-05-19 19:46:07
@_author: Matthew Carpenter 
@_subject: Is Chaum's System Traceable or Untraceable? 
Don't know about the Newton, but one of the first things I thought of
when I picked up a Pilot a week ago was that it would make an excellent
ecash "wallet".
(For those who don't know, the Pilot is the pocket sized PDA from
Palm/USRobotics: 11.9 x 8.1 x 1.8 cm (4.7 x 3.2 x.7 inches), 165 g (5.7
ounces) with batteries.  See  or
 for more info).
The Pilot isn't as powerful as the Newton, but it is designed to allow
for painless synchronization/communication with the user's desktop
computer, and it is a lot more convenient to pack around than the Newton
and most other small computing devices.  Below I've outlined a procedure
which seems like it would work very well for the Pilot or other PDA's,
palmtops, etc.
Before I head out to go shopping I stop by the ATM to get some money.
But in this case the 'ATM' is just an application on my home computer
which asks me how much money I want to transfer to my PDA.  The program
generates appropriate ecash coins, like the penny Bryce posted to
cypherpunks a few days back, and automatically downloads a copy of them
to the PDA.  These probably need to be encrypted, so that if my "wallet"
is stolen my money isn't lost.  This is just like using an ATM, just
"Please insert your PDA, and enter your PIN," but done without having to
find an ATM and wait in line.
So now I head out shopping and find something I absolutely must buy.  My
PDA asks me for the amount of the purchase (or is told by the merchant's
system and then asks for confirmation), and the 'PIN' I used to encrypt
the coins.  It then selects the appropriate coin(s) for payment,
decrypts them, and sends them to the merchant's computer using IR, a
smart card emulater, or whatever (the Pilot doesn't have IR built in,
but it does have a RS-232 port so IR could be added).  My PDA receives
back any coins as change if needed, and logs info about the transaction
for my financial records.
When I get back home I 'deposit' my change using the same ATM interface.
This also removes from my home computer the copies of the coins I spent,
and automatically updates the transaction records on my PC.
So are there any flaws with above procedure?  It seems to place minimal
strain on the PDA.  All you need on the PDA is some straight forward
encryption and communications routines, along with a fairly simple user
interface.  Of course, since the SDK for the Pilot isn't out yet, it is
hard to tell how well this would work in reality; and I may be
misunderstanding the ecash protocols.  But I would really, really love
to see something like this available.
mcarpent at mailhost.tcs.tulane.edu    PGP mail preferred, finger for public key.
