
@_date: 1994-08-03 13:40:49
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: broadcast encryption 
Well, it is a bit complicated and involves a bit of obfuscation, but there is a little bit of info regarding this in the August Wired issue (pg 127).
For starters, a treaty that the US may sign is not "law" in the formal
sense of the word, Congress must do a bit of legislative juggling to codify
the treaty into the USC.  So, for the prohibition on encrypting wireless
transmissions we go to the 1934 Communications Act which banned the use of
encryption and scrambling for wireless communications.  Skip forward 50
years to the 1984 Cable Communications Act; this set of laws makes private
communications secure and allows one to encrypt private communications
outside the "hobby" bandwidths.  This bill basically defined satellite
broadcasts as private communications because thier primary purpose (at the
time the bill was written) is to provide a communication channel to the
local cable companies.
Of course, since the time the bill was passed things have changed quite a
bit.  How something like the the direct broadcast satellite tv system will fit into this is also unclear.

@_date: 1994-08-03 16:22:07
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Egalitarianism vs. Strong Cryptography 
Wanna bet?  All it would take is one entity to set up a service of
converting untracable digicash tokens into the appropriate tracable tokens
under the name of a pseudo-account at the service.  Now I can use my
digicash tokens for everything under the regulated system, _and_ I can use
them at digicash-only services...

@_date: 1994-08-05 22:55:16
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Remailer ideas 
Given a connectionless network absolute delivery is impossible (well, not
completely, but just about...)
What makes you think that it doesn't?  You should check out Enabled Mail (I
think that is the name of it...); it is a set of MIME extensions that would
use a "safe" subset of Tcl to create triggers that can be set for message
receipt/delivery or for when the message is read.  I used to have a pointer
to the proposed system, but you should be able to find it by poking around
the comp.lang.tcl FAQ or asking over there.

@_date: 1994-08-09 13:02:35
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Digital Telephony Act 
There is a clause in the Digital Telephony Act that states that the
wiretapping requirements are waived if the technology is fundementally
unable to provide this service to law enforcement due to it's design.  This
little bit leads me to believe that we might see telco designers putting a
bit of effort to make the designs untappable from the start to get around
such requirements if there is a market for it.  It was probably put in for
sats and wireless services, but in the right hands it might be a useful
loophole to drive a crypto truck through...

@_date: 1994-12-01 01:25:18
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: New cypherpunks motto... 
Cypherpunks don't write code, they just bitch and moan about actually using

@_date: 1994-12-01 13:52:09
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
[digicash stuff...]
At some point I am going to have to take a look at my NDA with Digicash
again and see how much I can say about the reality of some of these
things... Wanna bet?  You should get into a clearing discussion with Eric sometime (I
think that the clearing issue must be one of his favorite things in the
world as he has so much to say about it :)  Clearing is not only
non-trivial, it can be downright ugly.  A small system is not incredibly
difficult to set up, but a nationwide or global system would be something
that would give scores of engineers and designers nightmares for years to
come.  Things are easy when you talk about your $50 Visa purchase or check,
but when you start to deal with clearing big aggregate sums through banks
things get real nasty very quickly.
In the US we have the Fedwire system and other gifts of the Federal Reserve
to prop up a few of the weakest parts of the problem, but it is still a
house of cards waiting for the right puff of wind...

@_date: 1994-12-01 14:16:05
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
I will defer to Eric on this one, but what happens is bank X does not seem
to respond?  What happens if bank X goes bankrupt between the time it says
"Yes that coin is good, pay user foo", and the time your bank goes to get
the money from bank X to settle it's payment to user foo?  Are you going to
clear every transaction individually, if so how much more will that cost
you than batching transactions?  What factors become involved when banks
start borrowing money to clear daily transactions among themselves?
Take a look at the process involved in clearing checks and you will soon
see how it can get very strange.

@_date: 1994-12-02 05:11:54
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Chaum has several patents relating to digital cash, the core one being a
patent on the blind signature methods commonly in use.  When I last heard
an update on the Chaum/Brand saga it was that Brand believed his system
avoided Chaum's patents while Chaum "had not yet been convinced that this
was so, but it was a possibility."

@_date: 1994-12-04 14:42:09
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Timestamping 
[regarding timestamping and the auto-signing "service"...]
One should probably examine Bellcore patents regarding some of the hash
chaining before offering something like this as a serious service...

@_date: 1994-12-04 14:47:11
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Unless said bank wanted to set up the necessary infrastructure and possibly
work in back ends to home-banking software and other pieces that make such
a system usable for "real people."  In all likelyhood your conclusion is
most likely erroneous.

@_date: 1994-12-04 15:31:47
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: gambling machines 
For people with beta digicash clients, try IAs far as a real system goes, you will never see on running on a machine
in the US in the near future; in addition to the regulatory BS involved in
making magic money useful you would run into all kinds of wonderful
gambling laws and regulation.

@_date: 1994-12-04 17:24:55
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: gambling machines 
[regarding online gambling]
This is basically caused by the lack of a to-be-implemented-RSN (tm) part
of the ecash server: the ability to have have a merchant "wallet" maintain
a set balance of coins in the wallet.  What happens is that every time
money is given to the merchant to play a game it gets directly deposited
into the bank, payoffs for winning hands come out of the wallet.
Eventually the wallet runs out of coins to make the payment but there is no
automatic way to keep it supplied from the coins that are deposited to
play.  The DigiCash user clients seem fairly well developed, but they are
lagging behind on the server-side of things (both merchant servers, and the
bank server.)
Well, at some point we need to finish up some of the reliability code.  It
should present you with a "receipt" number during payoff that will be
linked to the game database, the game is not removed from the database
until the money exchange clears so if there is a problem the user can
present the number and we can look up the game results.

@_date: 1994-12-05 15:22:51
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: AA BBS - Thomases are going to jail... 
After having spent most of Saturday at an EFF-sponsored workshop on sysop
liability and the law I will throw in a few bits of information passed on
at this event from real lawyers (Mike Godwin gave the "porno on the net"
talk and the AA case was highlighted in it, but all of the lawyers there
had interesting things to say about this situation.)  First of all,
"obscenity" is _not_ constitutionally protected.  "Pornography" is
protected if it meets several standards established in various decisions of the Supreme Court, obscenity is that which does not pass these standards.
There are a lot of ways to get around the community standards part of the
test if the questionable bits have any artistic merit, instructional or
informational use, or do not simply appeal to prurient interest.  The
"community standards" bit is the last line of defense and the only one of
much interest here.
This case is yet another example of bad fact leading to bad law.  The big
problem here is that the sysops of this BBS were mailing out video tapes to
customers; while it may not be popular to criticize the current net.martyrs
of the month, the biggest reason they got busted is because they were
stupid.   The fact that they shipped the video tapes made it much easier
for the Memphis prosecutors to claim that they were involved in
transportation of obscene material to Tennessee.  It also blew apart any
claim they could have made regarding the fact that the postal inspector
connected to the BBS and "pulled" the bits rather than having them "pushed"
(e.g. he initiated the transfer and the sysops were unaware of the
transportation...obscenity stuff does have some reliance upon knowledge of
the contents and upon the alledged perpetrator knowing that the shipment
was taking place) because they then went and shipped this video tape, an
action which could not have been done without thier knowledge and in which
the transportation was caused by the sysop's action.  It also meant they
they could not claim that they were unaware of the final destination of the
bits. Morons. On the upside of things relating to this case, it seems that thier counsel
was rather inept, in fact the judge in this case "spoke from the bench" and
lambasted the AA couple's lawyer and being incompetent and completely
unable to handle the case.  This will make it much easier for the couple to
appeal thier conviction, as the judge's opinion of thier counsel's
competency is now a matter of record. The reason they were acquitted on the kiddie porn charge is that the law
enforcement officials acted too quickly.  The envelope containing the
offending video tape of kiddie porn had been delivered the day of the
arrest and had not even been opened.
Sorry, but "*any* system which carries alt.sex.*" is probably not providing
access to people from Tennessee, and even then the admins of such a site
can probably work thier case to be closer to the bookseller situation of
not knowing the specific contents of the aforementioned groups (the
signal-to-noise ratio on those groups actually acts in the admins favor :) Additionally, all of the alt.sex.* groups are primarily text, which is
almost impossible to get an obscenity conviction on.  There apparently has
not been a successfull obscenity conviction on text in over 20 years and
films are almost as hard to get a conviction on.  The real danger is in
standard images, because the law requires the proof of obscenity to be
based upon the artistic merit of _the work as a whole_ which makes text
erotica almost completely immune and film safer than pictures.
In fact, the biggest danger most sites have is not from obscenity action
regarding the contents of alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.*, but from
copyright action regarding the contents of those groups.  To nail someone
on copyright does not require them having knowledge of the copyright status
of the work (ignorance is no excuse in copyright cases.)  There has already
been one case addressing this issue (Playboy v. Frenya [I think it was
Frenya, I can't remember exactly]) and the sysop lost.
You seem to have this big paranoia regarding the RR (who are actually
cypherpunk allies on many issues) which I will avoid discussing, but the
problem here is that you seem to think that the law in some way reflects
reality.  It doesn't.  Pick up a copy of "Cyberspace and the Law" [Cavazos
and Morin, ISBN 0-262-53123-2], read it, and then pass it on to other
sysops and sysadmins so that they know how to avoid doing something stupid
like the admins in the AA case.  The best way to prevent something like
this from happening again is to make sysops and sysadmins aware of the
current law and how they can minimize thier exposure.
At the conference Mike said that he was working on a listing of the various
obscenity standards that he could find for communities across the nation,
so admins will eventually be able to limit access to certain subjects or
newsgroups based upon the location of the user.

@_date: 1994-12-08 12:53:00
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: cut & choose 
Cut and choose is necessary for several protocols.  It is necessary for
cash protocols that do not use blinding, it is necessary for the cash
protocols that include identification, and in general it is necessary for
any protocol where the signer does not know the contents of what they are
signing _and_ the contents need to be formed in a particular fashion.
Denominated keys requires the user (the one accepting the packet and
verifying it) to keep track of more information, such as which keys
correspond to which denominations.  In cut and choose the end user only
needs to know one key and the other information is carried in the packet
itself.  There is a cost in each system, it is just a question of who bears
the cost and what abilities the cost gives the system...

@_date: 1994-12-13 14:18:53
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: BofA+Netscape 
[regarding Netscape and IETF work...]
They are the supplier of the current app-du-jour.  What things look lie in
five months is another issue completely.
Increasing use of PGP is the number one force bringing crypto awareness to
the masses, Netscape is just bringing bad crypto to the masses.
No, the correct response is to stop idotic measures before the build up
enough inertia behind them to make it difficult to prevent mistakes from
being made.  It is interesting that the creators of Netscape quite
frequently harp on "it is us against the goliath of Microsoft, so we
deserve the support of the net" and then they go out and do exactly the
sort of thing that makes Microsoft so unpopular; they take advantage of
thier market position to force bad technology on others.

@_date: 1994-12-14 12:19:26
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: pgp library 
In addition to this, the code really sucks as far as modularity goes.  The
next big version of PGP, which is supposed to include library hooks, etc.,
will probably not be out for five or six months.  I do know of some people
who are interested in working on a PGP compatible library of crypto code,
but I am not quite sure what the status of that project is at this time...

@_date: 1994-12-14 13:57:06
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Less Flaming, More Civility 
Probably because that is the direction mail is going.  If you can't do it
too bad, but don't expect everyone else to wait around for you to catch
up. Time to move your mail into the early 90s and get a MIME-aware mail
agent...

@_date: 1994-12-14 15:42:48
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: pgp library 
A key-management module is planned for this library.  Something that takes
the key management stuff out of the various places in the code it is
scattered and into it's own is one of the goals of the project.
It is not necessarily guaranteed to not work.  We have been in contact with
members of the PGP development team, and may be able to emulate much of
thier API as things develop.  Either way, this is not just a project to
develop an updated PGPTools; we hope to have a general purpose crypto
library including better math routines, generalized key management, support
for multiple public-key and symmetrical ciphers, and hooks for various APIs
at different levels.  Either that, or PGP should learn to use a key standard that might not
necessarly be it's own.  Key management issues are one of the primary goals
for Eclipse and hopefully some of the IETF work in this arena in recent
months will help us in determining a direction to work in.  Either way,
while we want to support as much PGP functionality as possible I doubt we
will shackle ourselves with the liabilities of blindly following only the
PGP developers when deciding what to do.

@_date: 1994-12-15 13:26:48
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
[1. ASCII text, proving once and for all that Tim has never had to do any
significant work with cross-OS networking or managing a heterogeneous
Hmmm... and what kind of protocol does HTTP use for structuring the
messages it passes from the server to the client....   RTFM Tim.
You should try spending some time working with mail crossing multiple
gateways running different OSs and even different character sets [an
EBCDIC<->ASCII cross is particularly fun...]  The fact is that there are a
variety of different commercial systems out there and they all seem to want
to speak thier own language.  MIME provides a means of seperating the
message itself from the method and systems used to transport that message.
A mail message is the most basic form of communication structure that is
commonly used on the net.  News is just an extension of the mail message,
MIME is another extension of the message, but in a different direction.  It
seperates the message from the program that created it.
ObCrypto:  Without MIME crypto will never have the unification we seek.
With the MIME message format it is possible to put together a mail message
that will not be mangled by passing through several different gateways or
other network boundary objects, and it allows the message to bundle itself
up into functional parts.  It allows one to seperate the signature from the
message if you want, or create an encrypted message that can pass from a PC
running on a Microsoft Mail system across the net to a Amiga that downloads
it off a Fido BBS without the end-users needing to worry about what path it
took and what kind of changes may have been made upon the message during
transport. On this particular subject you just haven't got a fucking clue what you are
talking about Tim.

@_date: 1994-12-15 13:39:44
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Please do.  There are a great many issues which your input and opinions are
a valuable contribution to the content of this list.  There are others
where you seem to make guesses as to where things are going without having
much of a leg to stand on.  Your MIME position hurts the widespread use of
cryptography because the advantages MIME gives to crypto far outweigh the
short-term costs associated with a systemic upgrade to a better method for
message transport and encapsulation.

@_date: 1994-12-15 21:06:28
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Substitute PGP or "cryptography" for MIME in the paragraph above and you will probably see why your attitude regarding the usefulness of MIME has so
many of us in disagreement.  I agree with Amanda's opinion that MIME is
less bleeding-edge than PGP, it has a well-defined standard and there are
actually a few good implementations of it out there.  The fact that Microsoft has succumbed to the necessity of including MIME
support is probably a good indication of how far MIME has progressed (not
good support at the moment, but two years ago they were refusing to support
MIME and suggesting the net adopt MAPI...)  I still cannot go out and buy a
mail program with PGP built into it, but I can find several with MIME.
MIME will even make PGP and strong encryption more widespread because it
will make encryption/decryption and signing/verifying messages simple and
standard callouts from the mail program to an encryption engine.  Instead
of someone needing to search around for patches to Pine to integrate PGP [a
task which significantly raises the clue level needed to easily encrypt
mail] they will just add a line to thier mailcap file (or it will already
be bundled into thier mail/news/www agents.) If you are truly interested in making strong encryption easy and
transparent to the vast majority of the users of future communications
systems you should be leading the MIME charge, not holding everyone back...

@_date: 1994-12-15 22:24:19
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: The Thread That Wouldn't Die (Was: Re: McCoy is Right!) 
Definitely.  It was a strange sort of ego trip to have 10 messages an hour
proclaiming "McCoy is Right!" in the subject line, but it is beginning to
get a little too wierd for my tastes...  :)

@_date: 1994-12-15 23:09:15
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: The Thread That Wouldn't Die (Was: Re: McCoy is Right!) 
A position to which I still agree on this particular issue.  Perhaps not
stated as diplomatically as Perry did, but so be it...
Actually this "dump flamewar" has produced some good discussion regarding
actual implementation issues.  Everything that has happened with MIME will
happen again when people try to add cryptography to the structure of the
net.  Maybe there are some lessons to be learned here.
ObCrypto:  Does anyone know if a ref implementation of the Eastlake and
Kaufman DNS extensions exists?  Before I dig into BIND I am hoping that
there might be code out there already....

@_date: 1994-12-16 01:59:21
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: The Thread That Wouldn't Die (Was: Re: McCoy is Right!) 
A bad discussion contains very little signal.  The crypto relevance to the
MIME discussion was quite apparent to me, it is a shame you missed it.  For
starters the difficulty of advancing technology conducive to CP goals when
it runs counter to the inertia of "what I have now works for what I want to
do today, so why bother doing something that might just be better in the
long run..."  Every argument that was used against MIME will one day be
used to discourage the widespread use of cryptography.  Additionally, MIME
is a necessary standard for encapsulating cryptographic messages in a
package that can get through some of the stranger transport mechanisms used
on the net, it doesn't make much sense to argue over what color to paint
the Ferrari when all you have is dirt roads to drive it on...
Yeah, like the PGP-MIME draft, which will open up the ability to
effectively use PGP to more people than anything the cypherpunks have ever
done :)   Standards are important and instead of trying to tilt at
windmills to no purpose perhaps it is worthwhile to examine how existing
standards can be effectively marshaled towards cypherpunk goals.

@_date: 1994-11-22 10:53:06
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: A Chance Encounter with Brad Templeton, of ClariNet 
[re: copyright stuff and remailers...]
It is the same thing that happened with VCR machines (which actually went
to court, Universal Pictures v. Sony) and recently with DAT systems.  It is
probably worth noting that reality _lost_ that last battle on this issue...

@_date: 1994-11-28 15:42:42
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: A possible solution 
Bullshit.  Advances in technology are making many things easier to do.  In
addition to making it harder to tap into an arbitrary data communication
that is encrypted it has made actually monitoring a specific individual
much easier.  Bugs are getting much better and much more sophisticated.  It
is almost at the point where Joe Citizen-Unit can walk into a "Spy Shop
(tm)" and pick out a set of gear that will allow him to monitor his
friends, enemies, and lovers without fear of detection.  Bugs, and cameras
are getting smaller, better, and cheaper.  The ability of the state to monitor those it suspects of breaking laws is
in no danger, and anyone who tells you that it encryption is a legitimate
threat to law enforcement is either ignorant or a liar.  What it does
prevent is "fishing expeditions"; it prevents someone from just going out
and listening in on thousands of conversations in the hopes of catching a
criminal or two.  It places the burden of proof upon the prosecutors when
it comes to gathering evidence, an American value that is older than our
current government.
At least you can at the moment.  Who knows what may happen.  One
interesting thing about governments is that they do not last as long as
societies do and struggle to thier last gasp to prevent thier own decay
(societies in the cultural-identity/shared-values/common location sense of
the word.)  In 1917 a wacky Austrian corporal was just another cog in the
great machine of the germanic society, in less than twenty years he molded
a state that is closer to Orwell's vision than just about any we have ever
seen.  Twenty years ago an American president could subvert chunks of the
national security apparatus in the interests of maintaining his hold on
power (and he is remarkable for being the only one that has been caught,
IMHO...) I trust the people I work with and live with far more than I do any
government agency.  The U.S. federal governement, for example, has become
so isolated from the reality of it's own citizens that if you trust it as
much as you seem to then one day it is quite possible that you will wake up
to a very rude surprise.
Please stand in line over there with the rest of the sheep...

@_date: 1994-10-04 22:51:42
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Cyber honor 
But if creating a new identity is as easy as creating a pseudonym and a PGP
key pair then everyone could create several identities, one they use for
"honorable" work and others that they use when attempting to hack in to
AT&T or rob the digital bank...the lack of a link between the pseudonymns
means that "dishonorable" pseudonyms are disposable and without a means for
attaching a negative value to a reputation the reputation system as a whole
has a major flaw.
That is not to say that a system that provides for reputations with
anonymity is impossible, but it is not possible given the tools that are
currently available on the net.  If you want to take a look at a system
that would offer a workable base for a reputation system I would recomment
that you start with some of the credential systems of Chaum, Evertse, and
Damgard.  This would provide a foundation of unique identities and a method
for exchanging information linked to pseudonyms without giving up user
privacy.

@_date: 1994-10-05 11:28:11
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Richard Stallman of GNU on Tcl 
Ah yes, RMS's drive-by flaming...
Thus setting of one of the more amusing "My language is better than your
language" holy flame wars of the year.  Tcl/tk is here and in widespread
use, wishing it were otherwise isn't going to change reality.  The only
good thing about the entire thread was that it brought python, which does
have a bigint/mpz module built into it, to the attention of a few more
people.  Lets get back to something useful...

@_date: 1994-10-06 00:48:23
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: crypto game idea 
[making an online version of the game using crypto tools...]
Don't worry, someone is already working on it...  :)
You will probably see an online version of the "soon to finish printing and
finally ship so now we can have a life again" Illuminati: New World Order
game first.  Depending on how long it takes to get Wizards of the Coast
interested (they are tight with SJGames so it should not take long) an
online version of Magic may be on a web server by the end of the year.
jim, sysadmin and crypto-hacker of the Illuminati...

@_date: 1994-09-09 12:09:47
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: pgp key servers 
Wasabi is undergoing a hardware move of sorts.  The pgp key server will
return in a week or so at pgpkeys.io.com (things sent to wasabi will
continue to work when the new hardware comes up.)

@_date: 1994-09-09 13:10:47
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Title VII v. Liberty 
Actually a recent study was reported a month or so ago (done by UMich or
some other big surveying group with no visible axes to grind) that showed
that homosexuals as a group have a _lower_ average income than the general
population.  I will poke around and see if I can find a ref to this study.

@_date: 1994-09-27 15:48:37
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Mandatory email verification 
This would be very difficult to do in the short-term because of the
current problems of few PKCAs and the relatively poor intergration of
signatures into current mail user agents.
But, rather than providing user-keyed authentication, it should be
possible for you to set up your sendmail so that you could prove that
an _outgoing_ message did or did not originate at your site (e.g.
rather than verify userx sent it you can say with reasonable certainty
that userx at my.domain sent that message.)  Create a public key pair for
the mail system.  Messages being sent out are given a signature based
upon the user who sent the message (the person who invoked
sendmail...), so if someone tried to forge mail that had the appearance of coming from your site you would be able to at least show
that it was not actually sent from the  mail system.  It is
not too difficult to push the system a little further and be able to
show that if the message does have such a signature then either the
user did send the message or the originating system was hacked.  A
few more quick hacks would let someone send a mail message to the site
given on the From line and have it check the signature and report back
on whether or not the message was obviously forged or if it has the
right sending signatures.  Such a system would only take a few hours of hacking to get
operational, and users would not be significantly inconvenienced by
it's operation and would only need to query it if they wanted to check
the validity of a message...

@_date: 1994-09-28 13:53:15
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Mandatory email verification 
Not really.  The system I was sketching out would not require the user
to enter any information at all, the sendmail daemon would handle
everything and have the key for that mail server held internally.  The
purpose would not be to say that "User X" did or did not sign a
message, but to say _with reasonable assurance_ that the message
either came from someone logged in as userx at foo.com (there are other
alternatives, like the mail server being hacked, etc.)  The purpose of
such a system would not be to link mail messages to any real person or
identity, but to link it to an account on the sending host (and mostly
to link it to the sending host.)  Thus someone who just did a telnet
to port 25 and forged off a mail message would not be able to generate
the necessary site signature to pull off the charade unless they
managed to actually hack _into_ the mail server.  Bouncing messages
off a smtp port would no longer be enough to work.
In actual practice the keys would not need to be monstrously huge and
one could probably get by with a public key small enough to fit into a
TXT record in the DNS system.  It would be easier to break in to the
system than crack a 512 bit key...
The mail system would not be signing the messages for you, it would
just do a hash of a few choice lines from the header and sign those
with the mail system key.  It would not try to say that any particular
person sent a mail message but would instead say "to the best of my
knowledge this message came from my system and was sent by someone
accessing account userx" and no more.  This would probably be enough
to cut mail forgery through smtp by 90% among sites using the system.

@_date: 1994-09-28 15:31:29
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: 3DES 
If a=b=c, a=b, or b=c  then the first operation is Ea(Da(Ea(x))) which is
just Ea(x).  This method allows one to support 56bit (single DES) and
168bit (triple DES) keys on the same function, basically making the system
backward compatible with those just using DES.

@_date: 1994-09-30 12:43:37
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Mandatory Email verification 
Ken Landaiche:
Probably.  The only thing this would do is make forging a mail message a
non-trivial operation.  It in no way makes forging an email message
impossible, it just makes it a little bit harder than telneting to the smtp
Like what?  When identity is "weak" then honor has no meaning...

@_date: 1995-02-11 19:18:29
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Does PGP scale well? 
Actually you do a lookup on 101.1.151.156.in-addr.arpa, it is reversed
because of the way addresses are structured.  This is part of the
problem with PGP keys and DNS: PGP key IDs are unstructured and randomly
distributed, IP addresses are not really unstructured and thier
distribution is not random.  A reverse lookup (aka "pointer query") happens
the same way as a regular name lookup, it just reverses the order of the
bytes in the IP address and then resolves it in the same method as a
regular name, from the least specific to most specific parts of the
address. With a PGP key ID there is no order to the distribution of the IDs, so it
is not like one could delegate authority for bits in a key ID the same way
taht one can with bits/bytes in an IP address.  The inability to delgate
chunks of the key ID space is what will prevent lookups by keyID; no one
can run a single server that has all the IDs and the organizational
problems with delegating random chunks of the keyID-space are fairly obvious
(e.g. in the DNS model you are responsible for your own address space and
it is in your own self-interest to make sure that it works, the same cannot
be said of keyID-space)

@_date: 1995-01-09 23:54:41
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Pornography, What is it? 
One minor nit.  Pronography is not illegal, obscenity is what is regulated.
The difference between the two the fine line upon which we tread.
That was my talk, and if I ever get around to it I will be putting my notes
and design details for underground internetworking up on the web.  These
notes include the slides from the talk and the technical notes relating to
this issue...

@_date: 1995-01-10 23:12:17
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Pornography, What is it? 
While in 1850 this might have been the case, you should check some of the
later amendments for and update on what has happened in the last 150 years
of Con Law...

@_date: 1995-01-11 01:11:56
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Storm Signals 
Military action also requires political will, and with the recent change
in power in the US govt there is no way anything is going to happen for at
least six months.  Freshmen congressmen do not sign off on a war the first
month they get into Washington unless the populace is frothing at the mouth
to kill someone, and that isn't happening.  Clinton does not have the
political pull to get anything related to military action through Congress
at this time, and he can't afford to challenge a legislature he no longer
controls so any call to arms is probably not coming from the Executive
branch.  I also doubt he would be stupid enough to try a "Commander in
Chief" action and hope that the Republicans would forget who scores the
popularity points in such an activity and back him up, the legislature
would crucify him with the electorate for trying move like this.
OTOH, Green Berets are not the kind of troops used for "strike" actions.
Thier primary specialty is low-intensity conflict and working with
indigenous armies.  Given the current geopolitical situation it seems that
Bosnia is the only conflict that the US population cares about at all that
would call for the use of Green Berets.  Then again, maybe the military is
just trying to increase its readiness in the hopes that a Republican
legislature will let them use thier toys again...

@_date: 1995-01-11 17:00:07
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Storm Signals 
The president needs the approval of the ranking members of the Senate
Intelligence Oversight committee (I think that is the one), and there is at
least one republican among them...  Anyway, several thousand Green Berets
does not a clandestine operation make.  Secret wars are a bitch to pull
off, and with a president with the lack of backbone such as Clinton they
are not going to happen in the next two years.
