
@_date: 2001-12-03 11:49:16
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: 'software error' 37,000 to cato.a "libertarian" institute. 
Ok, someone PLEASE enlighten me... WHAT on Earth is the problem here? They
paid TOO MUCH in taxes, so they have to pay a fine???

@_date: 2001-12-03 11:55:50
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Cryptoheaven 
Anybody checked the license agreement?
You hereby agree to not use the Service to:
  1.. transmit or store any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening,
abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous,
invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise
Hello? Unlawful is bad enough (no Chinese talking about the benefits of
capitalism with this service), but "otherwise objectionable"?

@_date: 2001-12-04 00:02:19
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Further thoughts on Reputation Capital systems and 
References: I think this is pretty much known behavior: reputation is more easily lost
than gained ("one angry customer tells other nine" and so on).

@_date: 2001-12-04 09:58:56
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Reputation of a Reputation 
Good one. Reminds me of the "nobody got fired for buying IBM" phrase I read
a few years ago.

@_date: 2001-12-04 10:52:21
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Russian Manifesto, long and probably useless 
This is almost a classic...
Good. You'd say the author has a brain. (Then again, why would mattd point
to the article in that case?)
But no...
So, the problem is the government, but not because they're evil - no, that's
ok; BECAUSE THEY'RE INEFFICIENT???? Hello? You wanted 99% - 1% instead of
the 95% - 5% divide that you complain about now?
Surprising only for those with no knowledge of economics. Without private
property you can't have development.
But wait!
Here we go again! I mean, I'm sure the Russian government is incompetent -
but to decry that? Pray for more! The more incompetent they are, the more
chances you have of developing an economy behind their backs.
The people don't exist, so they can't be natural owners of anything. SOME
people - certain people, Ivan and Natasha and Grigori - can own previously
unowned natural resources, if they use them first. But you can't *return*
unowned property - you can only be the first to claim it. So, go there and
claim it! (No, they'll shoot you. You can fight the government with better
weapons or better ideology. So far, the ideology sucks.)
Ok, so the problem is lack of private property (socialism), and the solution
is? Correct! More socialism! Why the heck would I do anything with my
resources, if almost all the revenue from it would be divided among the
vodka-drinking idiots of the country? (Well, I know, the new man and stuff.)
Ok, so russians don't have money to buy the land, but they have money to
rent it. And the income from these rents? Why, it goes back to themselves!
And so they'll get RICH, RICH, RICH!!! (Dammit, nobody figured this out
before...) Of course, we could encourage the rich bastards to rent a lot of
land, and so we'd take their money and redistribute it. Yes, but what
happens if they subrent it, and then evict tenants for non-payment? We can't
allow that! There are CHILDREN there! (There is a solution to this too -
socialism is wonderful! We'll confiscate their land, vilify them for not
being nice to people, and then ask them to rent it again, because we need
their money.)
[I just realized I use too many damn exclamation points. And profanity.
Hmm... I must like this system.]
Of course, who cares about the fact that Russia is just a small part of the
Union? We're all one big family. (And now that I think about it, all those
Eastern European satellites are just provinces in rebellion. They must join
back or else.)
Actually, the three *basic* factors are labor, natural resources (aka land),
and TIME. Capital is simply producers goods - wealth that was built not for
consumption, but to make future production more efficient.
Oops. Are you sure you want to go there? If you compensate people based on
their investment, then you'll have CAPITALISM! You don't want that! You want
to compensate them *equally*, so that everyone stays at home and becomes a
millionaire from the rents that all the others are paying! Yeah!
The second statement is true, but it actually negates the first. If they
were given to you, then they belong to you.
Actually, your forefathers pretty much killed everyone that dared to oppose
the state, plus they invaded other countries. Nothing's as good as a healthy
dose of nerve, is it?
Anyone close whack this guy over the head, will you? If revenue cannot
belong to individuals, it can't belong to "the nation in the person of each
Russian citizen". (Oh, wait a second, I might be wrong - Russian citizens
might not be individuals, but parts of a super-organism. Who knows? I've
never been there, it's too cold.)
Definitely! Who needs work? We'll all sit and enjoy revenue from the land!
(Thinking about who's going to pay those revenues is economics, and economic
s is boring.)
It is easy, but you failed. (Gee, how do you handle tough stuff?) The market
works when there are buyers and sellers, period. Money is just an
intermediary, one that gets developed by those buyers and sellers because it
helps them find each other easier, and thus they make a better profit.
(Oops! We can't use the p-word here!)
They're not failing. They simply don't exist. You need private property in
order to HAVE anything to sell or buy.
This so reminds me of "we don't sell our country"... (Very popular slogan
right after our "revolution".) Right in line with "we work, not think".
Of course, this isn't impossible - after all, the people of Earth have
managed to get by even without the help of the Martian Trade Federation, so
Russia can do it without any trade with other countries. But the issue here
is: if *I* want to trade with a foreigner (and thus send my income from
rentals and natural resources abroad), will I be forcefully prevented from
doing so? If I will, then it's not private property anymore - it's not MY
income, but the state's, to be used as it sees fit. If I won't, then you'll
see a LOT of revenue going abroad - Russian electronics (to give just one
example) might be solid, but they're horrible when it comes to quality and
Also, notice the reference to "what people really need". This means "what
the State wants" (or, in the case of an alleged anarchist, "what I want").
But they really need it, honest!
Can't do that! Who will force the citizens to pay the rent that will make
everyone rich???
Ok, I got bored.

@_date: 2001-12-04 15:28:27
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Reputation capital 
I think all this stuff about reputations is being solved pretty neatly by
the credit bureaus... up to getting scalars on people / companies.

@_date: 2001-12-04 17:48:33
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Russian Manifesto, long and probably useless 
<0d5901c17ca0$fccb5480$5300a8c0
  <20011204191450.G29550
I understand that, but I thought having *incompetent* corrupt people is
better than having *competent* ones! Who said "let's be happy that we don't
have all the government that we're paying for" (or something like that)? The
flaw here is the idea that the government COULD be a good thing, provided
that the governors are competent. I disagree with that.
I'm not saying that all russians are such. (Not that I love them, being from
an ex-satellite...) Only that a significant number are (just like a
significant number of Americans are "couch potatoes"), and having to share
my earnings with them is a big disincentive.
Yep. As Ian Clarke (the initiator of Freenet) said, Americans look at the
big mansion on the hill and say "one day I'll have one of those", while
Irish (or Romanians, or Russians...) say "one day we'll burn that
That's what I was objecting to :) The solution is obvious: capitalism. The
real one, not the fascist version.
Really? I didn't know that. Anyway, being old people and so on, I am sure
they are nostalgic about the One Big Union.
Well, at least there's two of us

@_date: 2001-12-05 19:45:33
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Reputation capital 
Ok, I agree I was too happy to have found something connected to this :)
Let's say there APPEARS to be a solution, at least to a class of problems -
trade reputations - and the credit bureaus MIGHT BE a good start in that
direction. (And apparently a good second step would be the removal of the
flaws you mention.)
Also, regarding the flaws: something like this would be a HUGE improvement
over the current situation in many countries (mine included).

@_date: 2001-12-08 13:50:00
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Jamesd-david Honig:Good cop,bad cop 
David Wieck's critique of Rothbard,
applicable to Libertarianism in general, will close this
   ``Out of the history of anarchist thought and action
Rothbard has pulled forth a single thread, the thread of
individualism, and defines that individualism in a way
alien even to the spirit of a Max Stirner or a Benjamin
Tucker, whose heritage I presume he would claim - to
say nothing of how alien is his way to the spirit of
Godwin, Proudhon, Bakunin, Kropotkin, Malatesta, and the
historically anonymous persons who through their thoughts and
action have tried to give anarchism a living meaning.
Out of this thread Rothbard manufactures one more
bourgeois ideology.''[31]
[Mark] And this is supposed to be a CRITIQUE of Rothbard. "He doesn't agree
with my saints, so he's wrong.". Duh.
The stuff about Ayn Rand was nice, though:
This is one of the arguments used by Roy Childs: the politics in Objectivism
are in total contradiction with the rest, since they presume that humans are
bad, except when they are part of the (minimal, or even not so minimal)

@_date: 2001-12-13 11:21:06
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
I think the Constitution was the biggest curse ever cast on you. Every time
something bad happens, you use these magic words like "entrapment" or
"protected by the first ammendment" and so on, instead of shooting the
criminals. The Constitution, by making you look at it like the some sacred
Mr. Fix-It-All, made you all into wimps.
Not that we're any better, mind you, but we're simply chickens, after
several hundred years of foreign rulers... And most people in my country
(myself included) have no idea what OUR constitution says - it doesn't
matter anyway. (Well, we have the usual stuff about slavery being bad, and
we also have mandatory 1-year conscripts.)

@_date: 2001-12-14 11:23:39
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Dumb Faustine, you usually make sense. I'm an anarchist - I am AGAINST those
in power. (And I don't believe THEY are ever innocent.)
Constitution, the
Funny, we wanted that for over 50 years. We were waiting for the Americans
to come and rescue us from the Russians they previously sold us to. Now,
just when I woke up, the US starts to conquer the world... or at least tries
I have an idiot on another list who believes "there should be a law" is the
solution for everything. Laws never did anything. The Constitution is some
words on a paper. It's an idea. It works only as long as politicians fear
it - which they didn't starting at least with Lincoln.
has a
Of course not; they are the cause of your decay. The UNION??? Who is this
idiot? Oh, wait, it's Lincoln. Yeah, that definitely proves it - what was I

@_date: 2001-12-17 13:14:53
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
as it
I bet FBI agents have nightmares. At least those involved in the Waco and
Ruby Ridge cases. I think they were unable to sleep at night, dreaming of a
piece of paper jumping between them and their victims and threatening to...
Has anyone EVER saw the Constitution stand in any place, let alone "in the
way of full-scale represion"? People with guns do that, not paper. Why do I
have to repeat something this obvious?
(No, "it was a metaphor" doesn't cut it. It was a dumb metaphor. Next time
you're arguing something, get rid of metaphors. As an exercise, try
rephrasing what you said above without using any. Forget about
"constitutional protection" or "Constitution standing in the way". Try to
make sense.)

@_date: 2001-12-18 14:12:08
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
about the
Thanks for proving my point. (For the intellectually impaired: the
Constitution never DOES anything. Your magical belief in its virtues is
equivalent to pagan's beliefs in idols: they accomplish nothing. A law must
be backed by force - and it's the FORCE that does this or that, not the
look at
Yes, I am sure that imagining the Constitution standing will make it much
easier. Delusions are known to do that.
Great. Try rephrasing it without using metaphors, idioms, or whatever.
I'm not objecting to the language; English is fine. I'm objecting to
delusions. Laws don't ACT, no matter what language you're using.
You should rely more on your guns and less on your papers.

@_date: 2001-12-19 18:42:43
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Steal This Essay 1: Content Is a Pure Public Good 
Ok, WHAT essay? You just quoted a few lines, attributed them to Tim May
(hello???), and added an URL to a site "currently in construction".

@_date: 2001-12-20 18:33:46
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
<20011219233152.GA29569
:) Think of it like this: I'm not replying for the sake of convincing the
idiot, but for those "close to the edge" who might be influenced by Choate
if he's not challenged.

@_date: 2001-11-05 14:32:34
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Business Rights and Free Markets 
Plain BS. Please quote one Austrian school economist that agrees with you.
You're simply insane. You have no right to someone else's products. It's HIS
products, and he's free to refuse to sell them to you, or to only want to
sell them on HIS terms. Anything else means he's your slave.
More BS. By what contract do they have this responsibility?

@_date: 2001-11-06 17:42:34
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Business 'rights' and free markets 
And in this, he gave way to David Friedman and the like. Hayek is the least
Austrian of the Austrians. Look to Mises - or better yet, to Rothbard - to
find a much better Austrian.
You're still incredibly deluded. Even Hayek (bad as he is) would have
supported someone's decision NOT to sell to someone else, your rethoric
notwithstanding. BTW, do you have anything else besides "Tim is wrong"? (And
I'm no fan of Tim.)

@_date: 2001-11-06 18:32:04
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Fw: Business 'rights' and free markets 
I thought Choate might want someone with more authority to speak on this.
Here is his reply. (Jeff Tucker is the admin of the mises.org mailing list.)

@_date: 2001-11-07 21:22:47
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: URL for William Cooper death story 
Nah, he was a cop, he wasn't using the brain anyway...

@_date: 2001-11-18 12:44:52
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: IP conference: copyright law has gone too far 
"I think I can safely say that history of the 21st Century is going to be
about the struggle between open systems and closed systems, which was what
you saw engaged on 11 September in a very pointed way," Barlow said. "This
is going to be an interesting and complex struggle, because it is in the
nature of open systems to breed closed systems, since for example, an open
system like a free-market economy tends to gravitate toward a natural
monopoly, which is a closed system."
Too bad he's clueless.
America seems to be divided between pro-government and anti-government
lefties. And they're not even consistent about the camp they belong to.

@_date: 2001-11-26 13:36:03
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CP archive problem? 
Pinging it from Romania gets this:
Pinging kuala-lumpur.inet-one.com [202.9.98.124] with 32 bytes of data:
Reply from 202.9.98.124: bytes=32 time=631ms TTL=221
I can open the main page. (I haven't tried the archives though.)

@_date: 2002-01-08 12:48:45
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Shoe bomb (fwd) 
Sleeping gas. Once the plane starts, fill the airplane with something that
causes sleep. (Make sure the pilots are isolated, of course). Lots of
savings - you don't need stewardesses, you don't need food or drinks...

@_date: 2002-01-09 22:16:05
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Both. As someone already explained, you can write a specific algorithm that
will compress a string of 100 zeros to a single 0. Now, if given a random
string of 100 bits, there is a probability of 1 in 2^100 that this string is
all zeros - in which case you'll manage to compress it. But in all cases,
your algorithm won't accomplish anything. And in the one case where you're
lucky, the string is NOT random - it's specified.

@_date: 2002-01-09 22:58:46
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Godel's Theorem 
<3C3C34DC.17083.B4243B
I think you're oversimplifying. The theorem doesn't say "there are
statements which can't be written", but "there are statements (implicitly
writeable) which can't be proven".

@_date: 2002-01-13 13:29:31
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: American Patriot Registration 
ROTFL... I wouldn't have expected a joke from Ashcroft...
US Foreign Policy:
Is totally fair and NOT based on the financial interests of Big Oil!
Kicks proverbial ass
Who cares?
PERPETUATES ZIONIST EVIL!

@_date: 2002-01-14 13:15:08
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Open source license 
12.  AUDIT.  During the term of this License and for one
(1) year thereafter, upon reasonable notice and during
normal business hours, Borland or its outside auditors will
have the right to enter your premises and access your
records and computer systems to verify that you have paid
to Borland the correct amounts owed under this License
and determine whether the Products are being used in
accordance with the terms of this License.  You will
provide reasonable assistance to Borland in connection
with this provision.  You agree to pay the cost of the audit
if any underpayments during the period covered by the
audit amount to more than five percent (5%) of the fees
actually owed for that period.

@_date: 2002-01-15 14:10:45
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Dmitry Sklyarov: no plea 
On Wednesday night, I spoke with Dmitry Skylarov at a small event to
celebrate his homegoing, hosted by the EFF.
Dmitry told me that he was upset with the U.S. Attorney's misrepresentation
of his agreement with them. Specifically, Dmitry says that:
He still works for Elcomsoft and has no intention of leaving anytime soon.
(The announcement from the U.S. Attorney's Office described Elcomsoft as
Dmitry's "former employer.")
There was no plea bargain made between Dmitry and the U.S. Attorney's Office
(As the same announcement would lead you to believe: "...(Sklyarov) admitted
his conduct in a hearing before U.S. District Judge Whyte in San Jose
Federal Court. Under the agreement, Mr. Sklyarov agreed to cooperate with
the United States in its ongoing prosecution of Mr. Sklyarov's former
Dmitry's story has not changed: he still maintains that both he and his
employer are not guilty of any misconduct.
Joe Burton's Statement 12_19_01
I want to state, for the record, that we, the defense, feel that there has
been an injustice done to Dmitry Sklyarov and ElcomSoft. The U. S.
Attorney's December 13th Press Release is a cleverly crafted statement that
promotes the notion that Dmitry admits wrongful conduct and has entered into
a Plea Agreement with the U.S. Government. I categorically reject the notion
that there is any admission of wrongful conduct on the part of Dmitry
Sklyarov, he has simply agreed to tell his story, which I might add is the
identical story he has consistently told since day one of his arrest. In
addition there is, quite simply, NO Plea Agreement. He has agreed to testify
for the U. S. Government, if called and he will testify for ElcomSoft, if
I also want to set the record straight on the issue of Dmitry's employment
with ElcomSoft. Dmitry has been employed since April 2000 and he remains
employed by ElcomSoft and will continue his employment with ElcomSoft.
It is not unexpected that the U.S. Attorneys would look for a way to "save
face" in this case, however to do so, at the expense of Dmitry is completely
unacceptable to me.
Dmitry Sklyarov's Statement 12/19/01
I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to each person who has
supported and contributed to me during my detention, these past 5 months.
Naturally, I am very happy about returning to Russia and at the prospect of
getting back to my family and friends. I am excited about spending the
holidays in my homeland.
There are two points I wish to address, today. The first point is this: I am
extremely disappointed with any implication that I am, in any way,
cooperating with the government. My perspective is simply this: I am a man
of integrity and as such am doing nothing more that telling the truth... I
am not for or against anyone.
Secondly, there seems to have been some confusion as to my employment status
with ElcomSoft. I would like to clear up this confusion. I have been
employed by ElcomSoft since April 2000 and will continue to be employed in
the future. As a matter of fact, I have remained ElcomSoft's long distance
"virtual" employee throughout these past 5 months while detained, here in
the United States.
ElcomSoft Founder/CEO Alex Katalov's Statement 12/19/01
First, let me say that the Diversion Agreement, reached between Dmitry
Sklyarov and the US Attorney's office last Thursday (December 13, 2001) was
reached with ElcomSoft's complete knowledge, cooperation and our unfailing
support for our employee, Dmitry Sklyarov.
Neither ElcomSoft nor our legal team sees this agreement in any way
counterproductive to our ongoing case, nor do we feel that Dmitry's
testimony will be anything but supportive to our case. All that Dmitry has
to do is to tell the truth; we, of course, welcome that; the truth will
never change regardless of who calls Dmitry as a witness: the prosecution or
the defense, or both.
provides us with the freedom and flexibility to pursue our best legal
strategy without worrying about the possibility that Dmitry could face jail.

@_date: 2003-12-08 18:30:47
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
<1070893610.28580.113.camel
"So we're back, and we're taking wizardly fiat back, and we're going to do
things to run the system. We are effectively setting ourselves up as a
government, because this place needs a government, because without us, the
place was falling apart."
Interesting motivation for setting up a government.

@_date: 2004-04-08 16:20:07
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Hard drives leak from Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs 
First, subscribe to RISKS.
=> SUBSCRIPTIONS: PLEASE read RISKS as a newsgroup (comp.risks or
 if possible and convenient for you.  Alternatively, via majordomo,
 send e-mail requests to  with one-line body
   subscribe [OR unsubscribe]
 which requires your ANSWERing confirmation to majordomo at CSL.sri.com .
 If Majordomo balks when you send your accept, please forward to risks.
 [If E-mail address differs from FROM:  subscribe "other-address " ;
 this requires PGN's intervention -- but hinders spamming subscriptions,
 Lower-case only in address may get around a confirmation match glitch.

@_date: 2004-04-17 18:24:15
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Anonymity vs reputation question 
Yes, I'm pretty sure Brands' certificates can be used for something like
this - AFAICR, you could prove one relevant attribute (reputation on list X)
without making it possible to link it with anything else (nym).

@_date: 2004-04-23 19:31:28
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap 
References: For Windows, look up Strong Disk Pro, they're quite paranoid - it can be
used like this.

@_date: 2005-04-20 13:20:46
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: WebMoney 
First, was there a black hole on this list, or am I the only one who isn't
receiving any messages?
Second, has anyone seen  ? Ok, it's Russian, so
not a lot of trust in there... on the other hand, it DOES mean it's unlikely
to bow to US pressure.
Any opinion?

@_date: 2005-04-20 20:46:37
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: WebMoney 
Thank you, I didn't realize it was that well-known, it's the first time I
heard about it.
(It seems I'm unsubscribed from cypherpunks, as I haven't received even my
own email.)

@_date: 2005-02-04 15:36:09
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
This assumes an US world, which is - to say the least - a little unreal. In
my country, contracts are void unless signed in the official language. That
means that, even if I want to agree to the license, I can't legally do so -
because it's in English. Which means that I can click on "I agree" WITHOUT
legally agreeing to anything - and everybody knows that.
Only in the US and related countries :) We are not bound, legally or even
morally, by a contract in a foreign language - there are people who bought
Windows or some other software even though they don't speak an iota of
English. (Furthermore, I wrote a little application which can change the
caption of a button - so I can change it to "I do not agree" (or the
equivalent in my language) before installing whatever I'm installing. Do you
think that's good enough? )
BS, of course. As has already been explained here, we are paranoids - we try
to defend against the worst that could happen, not against the best. Today? You're new here, right? Paranoia is the motto of the cypherpunks :)
It's not THAT vast. The mere idea that it is NOT a conspiracy, OTOH, is
plainly ridiculous. They've been at it for several years, and everyone here
should know that.
No really? Name five of these laptop owners. (No, that was rethorical. Your
phrase was information-free.)
Name other five (out of the "most") laptop companies offering this chip in
their laptops. (This is NOT rethorical, I'm really curious.)
Profit is a very good tool, for both good and evil. In this case, they see
profit in doing something that can ultimately be used against consumers. We
comment on that, nothing more. Then again, if the consumers catch on the
trick, profit will dictate that they remove it.

@_date: 2005-02-15 11:48:43
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: Don't Trust Your Eyes or URLs (was Re: 
Actually, as we've seen in probably the first example of this technique, you
can start from a bid on eBay which says "click here to pay with PayPal", and
get somewhere else; and one will likely assume the best, since he trusts
