
@_date: 2011-12-16 13:19:29
@_author: Melvin Carvalho 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] Web of Trust Questions 
I recommend looking at this excellent paper
"Computational Models of Trust and Reputation:
Agents, Evolutionary Games, and Social Networks"
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org

@_date: 2012-11-12 09:59:57
@_author: Melvin Carvalho 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] FreedomBox and Bitcoin (and the petition) 
Bitcoin is quite resource intensive, the block chain is large and growing,
so to set it up takes time.  On a small plug computer this is quite a bit
of work and may be tricky (i dont know if you could renice it).  Then you
need to open a few ports, and also you'll become a target for people
wanting to steal your wallet.dat (either from the web or your own house!).
If those hurdles can be overcome, there could be a good match.
The block chain is public, but you can have a new key for each
There's over 200 alternative money supplies and more growing.  One
possibility is to focus on one of them (bitcoin is probably the poster
child) another is to stitch many together in exchanges etc.
This is a system that goes back 100s of years to the time of horse and
cart, it wont be replaced overnight.   There's over 1000 bitcoin merchants
now and many exchanges.
I think what would be extremely valuable would be a freedombox economy
where people get credits for helping each other out.  e.g. with valuable
services such as VPN, storage, encrypted backup, routing ... all the stuff
that Amazon EC2 offers (which fbx could securely replace).  This paradigm
works well in, for example, private torrent networks.
Once you can offer value, either for free or as a service, the feasibility
of a currency becomes more valid.  I'd love to see freedombox plans where
you get the hardware cheaply and can pay for it by offering cloud storage
to the community, for example.  Then roll out the hardware to a large
population, making the network stronger and more resilient.
Freedombox can have its own currency, there's a few systems such as
opentransactions that provide anonymity.  Ben Laurie has written a paper
saying that you can operate a lottery instead of using huge amounts of
electricity to generate coins.
ISO is unlikely to bite here.  But why would you want to?  Dont think in
terms of legacy currencies, just use a URL for currencies and you have the
freedom of the whole web, without gatekeepers.
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org
