
@_date: 2012-06-10 06:42:22
@_author: Michael Hrenka 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: Is there a consumer market at all? 
I see there's some confusion here in this thread. First of all, my
suggestions of a consumer market process is completely compatible with
our current system. I'm not suggesting replacing all current forms of
advertisement and Monte Carlo market placement with the more
interactive model. Instead, the interactive market model is to be
understood as complement to the current reactive market model. It
looks like some here think the reactive market doesn't work badly
enough and that the interactive market is too costly (in time and
money) to justify its expansion. Is that a really justified judgment?
Partially it seems to be, because the majority is probably too
comfortable to participate in an interactive market, just as the
majority is too comfortable to participate actively in politics (I see
votes as reactive participation). However, in politics there are still
a few people who are actively engaged. Why don't we see the same in a
similar fashion in the economic realm? Currently it looks like there's
only the binary choice between reactive market participation or owning/
working for a company which produces goods. There's not much in
between. This is a vacuum which demands a serious explanation - and
not just naive dismissals.
There are a few possible explanations - the argument about an
interactive participation costing too much time is only half of an
explanation, because time is a given fixed factor - the only variable
are the preferences and priorities of different persons. Here are a
few options how to explain the vacuum:
1. People care more about what they DON'T want than what they actually
2. People don't know what they actually want, so they can't ask
actively for it.
3. People really don't want anything really strongly and thus remain
solely passive or reactive.
4. There are other psychological factors which are adverse to
interactive markets (status quo bias for example).
5. People are simply too stupid to participate in interactive markets.
6. People are too stupid to devise practicable procedures for
interactive markets.
If 6. turns out to be a major factor in the true explanation of the
phenomenon there's a real chance for Zero State to exploit the current
situation by designing effective interactive market procedures. There
are just no good places for producers and consumers to meet each
other. In other words there are no good forums - and "forum" is simply
the Latin word for "market". With our modern online technology the
time and resource requirements for an interactive participation of
consumers in the production process might be minimized drastically.
Some companies start to reach out for customers on platforms like
Twitter and Facebook and try to get into a real conversation with
them. However, Twitter and Facebook look like very suboptimal forums
for interactive markets. I'm rather looking for something that changes
our production processes like Khan Academy changed our education
processes. There might be a serious amount of cash behind an idea like
What if the new interactive market process could lead to products
which have 10 times higher quality while only being half as expensive?
Impossible you say? Well, then prove that!

@_date: 2012-05-07 02:50:52
@_author: Michael Hrenka 
@_subject: [ZS] Prestige Bitcoin 
At the AGM we discussed combining my reputation system with the
official Bitcoin currency. I wanted to give you an update on my
thoughts on that topic:
First of all, it's a good idea to focus our economics projects in that
way, because we can put everything into an integrated system.
When I tried to develop a reputation based economy I finally realized
that it's a bad idea not to integrate some kind of money currency into
the system. Money is very useful, after all. My first idea how to
combine both concepts (reputation and money) was to make some kind of
"pot" which is then paid out to all users of that system - in
proportion to their Prestige index. But to make that system a reality
you really need such a pot in the first place.
So, I've come up with the idea of creating a new currency that is
coupled with the reputation system directly, the Fluido. That would
have eliminated the problem of getting a pot of external money. But
many people prefer using already existing currencies, for obvious
Yesterday I had the idea that users of a Prestige Bitcoin system could
pay Bitcoin into a general fund. They wouldn't get a direct
gratification for that, but if they decide to make their donation not
anonymously, they might get some reputation from other users for their
generosity. Every user with at least some Prestige would get regular
payments out of that general fund. Let's say every week 5-10% of the
fund are distributed to those users.
Then there's also the problem that people need to mine blocks if this
new hybrid system is supposed to work on a decentralized basis just
like Bitcoin. My idea regarding that problem is to grant users who
mine blocks a fixed number of Prestige points. This creates different
ways for getting Prestige points, so it would not be very clear
whether those points represent public approval or mining rewards. By
displaying the mining rewards explicitly and contrasting them with the
pure "public appreciation" Prestige people would still get a clear
information what a certain Prestige score actually reveals. Still,
both types of Prestige are equivalent in the sense that they are used
by the system in exactly the same way.
Apart from those considerations I think the project can be split up
into different phases of development:
Phase 1: Develop the core Prestige system with a centralized
architecture, because that's the easiest thing which can be
implemented in a reasonable time frame. In any case, already this
relatively simple system would be quite useful for many small groups
like ours as internal economic tool.
Phase 2: Make a pure Prestige system that's decentralized, based on
the ideas of the Bitcoin technology. This system would already have
the potential to go global and become a widely used tool for
representing reputation.
Phase 3: Create the Prestige Bitcoin General Fund which couples the
decentralized Prestige system with the official Bitcoin currency. It
would be simply a kind of add-on to the Prestige system.
In a similar fashion it would also be possible to design the Fluido as
another add-on to the Prestige system. Users of the Prestige system
would be able to decide which add-ons they use. Eventually, third
parties could even create their own add-ons.
What do you think about those ideas?

@_date: 2012-05-08 07:43:02
@_author: Michael Hrenka 
@_subject: [ZS] Prestige Bitcoin 
I don't know what to do about this external message from lodewijk andr
de la porte. I guess it's largely motivated by an intuitive idea of
how a "Prestige Bitcoin" idea is supposed to look like. But the
Prestige system has mechanics that need to be explained. I've done
that in the documentation on my own web space: (the paragraph about the Fluido is hardly relevant for Prestige
Bitcoin). Criticizing an idea that is not really understood is
problematic, but let me try to comment on some points:
"I think what you really want to achieve is to create another
facebook-like button, a way to measure your epeen or a donation
Prestige Bitcoin and Prestige Fluido would be all of that at once.
"It's hard to convince people that money should be decentralised, but
it'll be even harder to convince them that giving likeing should be
My plan is finally having centralised and decentralised systems
running in parallel. Both models have their advantages and
"It's either important that something earns you money or that
is really good, or both. Doing something just for the prestige of it
is pretentious and it'll prevent you from doing what you truly
I guess you are thinking about the tension between intrinsic and
extrinsic motivation. AFAIK research suggests that extrinsic
motivation based on social appreciation is much less problematic than
extrinsic motivation by money. Prestige Bitcoin (or Prestige Fluido)
would probably lie somewhere in between, because those are hybrid
systems. Unfortunately there are some problems that my system can't
solve. It's not a panacea for everything. But it's reasonable to
expect that it's less bad that the system we are working in right now.
"Having a currency prestige system is
not going to help anyone but those already popular, those who least
need it."
This is an issue that can hardly be prevented in any kind of
reputation based economy. It's still better to have a reputation based
economy in addition to our current money based economy.
"What drives you to want to engage in this project?"
In short: Creating a better kind of economy (at least as complement to
the current one). That is something that the world really needs.
- Michael

@_date: 2012-05-09 15:12:40
@_author: Michael Hrenka 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: Prestige Bitcoin 
Pasting a private mail exchange between me and Lodewijk "Lewis" Andri
de la Porte:
On Wed, May 9, 2012 at 1:30 AM, lodewijk andri de la porte
Hey Michael,
I figured it'd be more easier (and less taxing for others) if I'd send
you this mail directly. I've send a quite critical e-mail which Eugen
was kind enough to forward, in fact he send your answer back. My mail
must have been a bit harsh to read and I apologize. The intuitive idea
was based upon the mechanic of Bitcoins and a vague feeling about how
a reputation based currency might work.
He included a link to your paper-ish document "Pretige Fluido
Documentation" V0.01. I'm glad it was worked out in more detail than
I'd first expected yet somewhat saddened by the fact that none of the
issues I felt were difficult were solved. I'm also glad I was quite on
point when it came to guessing how it would work, but that's just
personal vanity.
Let me first say that I too think currency the way we use it now is
limiting. Limiting in the sense that it doesn't accurately represent
what it should, value added to the community. It should serve to allow
you to balance that value, letting the community do things for you.
It's obvious from the document you've worked, in the mathematical
sense, hard to produce formula's that describe the mechanic. The
system should in fact work excellently if everyone were benevolent.
Sadly if everyone were benevolent there'd be no need for currency in
the first place. On the other hand if everyone were benevolent the
world would be a boring place.
Currency is essential to motivate useful work. Useful is usually
defined as that which others would work for. Food, tools,  raw
materials, medicine, knowledge but curiously also (imagery of) sex,
music, art and other entertainment. It is not our task to determine
what another thinks is right or wrong, neither what is useful and what
is not. That I consider an axiom of ethics. That it motivates work to
produce such things is also important. Sloth will not get anyone
I seem to have trailed off a bit too far. Bitcoins are the hardest of
hard currencies. That is to say, there is no love. Just math. This is
visible through irrevocable transactions. There's also no mass-market
control mechanism like inflation in it. It is meant to be a digital
perfect gold standard and it practically is that. The reason it can be
that is because it's  supply is limited and there is no notion of a
person. Without persons there is no trust, no organisations, nothing.
There's just hashes in a flow, so to speak.
To combine that with the highly attributed principles of Prestige is
ridiculous. Not only is the Prestige system heavily dependent on a per
person limited amount of DP's. A problem Bitcoin geniously EVADES.
This is actually on of the mentioned problems but I'm afraid it's also
the show stopper. Not even governments can get identity right.
Identities are regularly traded on black market. I have some wild
ideas about how to deal with identification but it's a hard nut to
Skipping all the problems imported from politics and traditional
currencies there is still simple cases of fraud that are effective.
Take for example a DP pool, a group of uses simply agreeing to divide
among each other as thinly as possible as many DP as they have. Join
the pool and everyone becomes richer. In fact this will allow them to
have the maximum amount of balanced income.
Note also that evaporating Fluido (a pretty name) will simply
encourage spending. This in the view of a planet with finite
resources. Any bump in fame will cause a bump in Fluido. Just after
your movie released you're the richest man on the planet. Halfway
through the subsequent 10 year project your funds run low enough to
bother working out fantasies. So what you do is buy a lot of some
other currency. In fact you always do that. Lest materials are
cheaper, in which case you always buy a ton of materials. In the worst
case your a man with truly more than he can spend.
I feel more for a (bit)coin with an evaporation rate. Ideally a fairly
high one. That should make it more of a trade currency and less of a
long term investment.
The distribution ideas you've presented are readily usable in certain
limited environments, like MMORPG's. And they would provide quite
valuable an addition there.
If ever you mange to work out the kinks in the Prestige system I'd
love to help implement it. I currently operate an e-wallet (bitvau.lt)
that is still under heavy development ("public testing" means just
that, don't trust me yet and you don't have to like the homepage's
looks. I've a new one in the pipeline) and I wouldn't mind at some
point adding Prestige/Fluido to the mix. I love the idea of a
continuous currency and currency flows, maybe I'll even emulate them
somehow. And if I ever get around to working on identities properly
I'll make sure you find out, Maybe even steal some ideas from you :).
Feel free to repost (parts of) this message elsewhere, I've send it to
you directly because I think it's too long to bother people without an
interest in currency and I can never tell if my babbling makes enough
sense, not because I don't want anyone to read it.
Best regards,
Lodewijk "Lewis" Andri de la Porte
P.S.: If I could give you some DP, I totally would.
Michael Hrenka (sent by metahorse at googlemail.com)
12:08 AM (0 minutes ago)
to lodewijk
Hi Lewis,
thank you for your direct feedback. We actually seem to think very
much alike. I am very much aware that the fixed quota of DPs is the
most critical issue of the Prestige system, and that it could become a
show stopper. It would work if identity could be verified reliably,
but as you said that's extremely hard to do. At the moment the best
approach to fix that problem is to include a kind of trust rating into
the system. First you need to get some trust to "unlock" your DPs.
Unfortunately I'm still far from having a clear idea how that would
work exactly. This is the part of the project that needs work most
The core of my system is definitely the Prestige system. I guess it
makes more sense to add Fluido as add-on to that core. Also, Bitcoin
integration with Prestige would be made with an add-on, too. It
probably doesn't hurt to have a single reputation index and different
currencies that are attached to that index. Bitcoin is great for
storing value, but Fluido would have the advantage that it's more
abundant and can be spent more freely on promising projects and other
things (evaporation obviously encourages that). Both currencies have
their own justification and purposes. From my point of view a crypto
version of Fluido is essentially a (bit)coin with evaporation. You
probably would be able to mine those "crypto Fluido". The only real
problem with that is that is sounds weird ;)
I am aware that the Prestige system could be applied in many limited
environments. Basically, I want to create a web platform that makes
doing so really easy, but that's a rather long-term project.
Your e-wallet sounds good. I will definitely consider using it. :)
And your "babbling" does make lots of sense. I'll repost it to the
Zero State list. That's the place where most of the discussion is
Michael Hrenka
Want a signature like mine? Click here.
P.S.: Thanks for your potential DPs :) I wonder whether it would make
sense to start with a simple private app that just manages DPs you
want to attribute to others. You'll get at least 1 DP from me for the
inspiration I got from you. ;)
