
@_date: 1995-08-29 12:50:15
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Joel's RSA-t's 
WOOD at VAX2.ROCKHURST.EDU enscribed thusly:
alt.security.pgp a month or so ago.  I just got 7 perl-rsa T-Shirts
from "wepinsto" (  These were for myself,
my youngest son (16), my brother, and four friends who asked me to
order for them.  They look great!  Almost as great as the looks you
GET when people see them wondering "what the *&*r!".
as a "munition" aka a "weapon" by da fed's how does that affect us down
here in good old Georgia where our legislature has passed a law making
it a crime to be in posession of a weapon anywhere within a hundred yards
or so of school property.  This is rather relevant for my teenager!
The school councilers looked real confused and said "Dah...  We don't
know!"  I'm suppose to talk to the man "in charge of discipline" for an
opinion on this.  As I told someone else on another mailing list, this
sounds REAL stupid but all it takes is one idiot (and we have a plentiful
supply of idiots down here in Georgia) with a wild hair and students
get expelled for silverware sitting on a car seat, tools such as tire
irons (no they weren't threating someone with one), or cultural and
cerimonial artifacts.

@_date: 1995-12-03 14:29:53
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: your mail 
Christopher J. Shaulis enscribed thusly:
ORIGINAL message.  The next person(s) who replied to him had a mail program
which recognized the lack of a "Subject" and substituted "Your mail".  That
beats a subject line of "Subect: Re:"...
a Subject.  The programs set their default subject for replys to "Your mail"
and then if the read a Subject header, it overrides the default.  I know
elm does and I believe pine does, as well as a host of others.  mailing list.  Only known cure is to make sure you have a REAL SUBJECT.

@_date: 1995-12-19 19:36:57
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: revised time quantization package (Unix & WIN32) available 
Perry E. Metzger enscribed thusly:
chip" Blaze here.  Single handedly did more damage to the clipper
chip than any other individual or group!
much better.
buy some!  They are obviously VERY good considering that they no longer
have any connection with reality.
with the halucinations they're having!

@_date: 1995-10-09 08:00:15
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Rethinking the utility of netnews "cancel" control messages 
Stuart Smith enscribed thusly:
sides, but here is my shot anyways.)
a "Hobsens Choice", a choice that is no choice.  If any site between you
and the article source choses to honor that cancel, you never get the
original article to begin with.  All you get is the cancel message and your
choice to honor it or not is totally meaningless.  To be worth anything
all of the intermediate nodes would have to chose to ignore cancel messages
and then the leaf nodes would have the privledge of honoring or ignoring
them.  But it will be a VERY cold day in a VERY warm place before that ever
happens, even if it did make sense (It doesn't).
there before you pick up the article from them, this effect would just serve
to add a level of chaos and indetermanancy to the mechanism.  Obviously (because of time elements involved in realization and forging of cancels)
it is much more likely that you will receive originals for article where a
forged cancel is received.  That depends on the latency involving all of
the news feeds between you and the article source and the latency involving
the forger and his ability to recognize a message he wants to cancel and
to get that cancel out.  The human factor adds a lot here.  Perhaps we
should add a "time-limit" to cancel messages?  This too would be highly
indeterminant as propagation times stretched out.
of the originals never reach a lot of the leaf nodes while all of us
continue to be subjected to a FLOOD of cancel control messages.  In terms
of message count and article numbers (not total bytes of storage) my control
group is the largest newsgroup group on my system!

@_date: 1995-10-19 13:07:42
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Postscript and 50 ways [MAJOR NOISE] [long] 
Man oh man oh man...
numberous messages about two separate obnoxious nusanse threads going
on here - I've combined several messages together.  I think I have
kept the attributions straight.  I've tried to add attributions where
missing based on the "In-Reply-To:" headers.  If I screwed anything
up - sorry, I tried...
flicks - "Freddie's Back!"
recognize from the firewalls list.  Those individuals are most likely
already familiar with most of what I'm about to relate.  Forgive me
with dredging up old news in a new forum.
firewalls mailing list.  Many of his contributions were ill researched
and he often took great offense when anyone questioned one of his postings.
Out of the thousands of contributers I've read from literally dozens and
dozens of high volume lists I subscribe to, this is the only character I
know who puts a "Dr" in his address.  There are degrees floating all over
the place out here (even got a couple myself - so what?).  He appears
to be the only one who seems to need this annointed authority to
back his words.  He may not realize that to some of us, waving a
degree around like that, is a red letter warning to check everything
he's preaching and that he's probably more full of shit than a
christmas goose (his words tend to confirm that impression).
on the firewalls list, including the moderator, Brent Chapman.  Several
of us got into debates, some on line, some off line, as to whether he was:
combination of all three but  was the decided front runner.
intellegence" comes to mind when I read one of his posts.  Ill informed,
opinionated, arrogant, and seemingly obsessed with his self worth are
other terms.
he seemed to have little knowledge but to which he seemed to consider
himself an authority on.  He seem to have little interest in researching
a topic before shooting his mouth off, and seemed to feel that his "Dr."
conveyed some sort of infalibility on his opinions, turning opionion into
fact, so to speak.  To say he was less than graceful when someone would
foolishly point out some of his errors would be putting it mildly.
a line to his signature that went something like this: "Fine, so
you've got a PhD, just don't touch anything!"
head" on a floppy disk drive as a way to make it write protected.  This
was rather interesting in light of the fact that disk drives use combined
read/write heads and have no separate "record head".  Must have been
thinking it was a tape recorder.  His silly idea would have made
the drive both write protected and read protected as well.
of misinformation, he wrote me a message off-line wanting to know
why HIS information was included in my article about misinformation.
I had quoted most of his message, including his signature, in my
posting.  The information he quoted back to me was his "Info-Sec"
signature.  It seems his little tag line advertisements were more
important to him than the BULLSH*T he was thumping on about.
(Note point  above).
of the message was in fact his or was someone forging messages in
his name to discredit him.  He did admit it was his.  At this point,
I will give him credit - he was very gracious in that instance,
and admitted he had made a mistake.  It was a distinct contrast,
in private E-Mail, to his tone and manner on the public mailing lists.
gosphel.  Once he has reached his "conclusion" he takes it as fact
and expects us to accept it because he's a "Dr".
be dead serious.  Until I notice who the author was.  Then I thought
"it figures, validity = 0 -> drop in bit bucket".  I came away with the
impression that he was just spouting off, as is his way, and had not
only not tested one single idea espoused therein but really hadn't a
clue as to the validity of any of it.  I got the impression that he
expected us to accept his points on the weight of his degree alone,
since he provided no evidence, just random speculations.  I certainly
did not see any humor in the article as he later would allege.
list.  I'll have to take a look at the review.  Should be good for a few
laughs at the very least!
excuse he has to post follow-ups, no matter how trivial.  Maybe his
motive is not to just drive home a point or rattle cages.
he's confirming all the stereotypes of "college" people who haven't
got a clue or any connection with reality.  That makes ALL of us look
real bad and probably contributes to why some of us no longer think
that a degree is all that very important any longer.
yes; literate - unlikely) and lacking in the ambition to research his
topics.  Maybe he's just so self assured in his inflability that he's
just naturally a cocky bastard.
In <9510191718.AA19952 at all.net> Fredrick B. Cohen
he's just in it for the shear numbers of posts he can crank out with his
Info-Sec ad-signature.  This shot carried nothing new or useful and
accomplished little except furthering his efforts to always get the last
word in and get another copy of his ad-signature out in front of everyone.
plaguing the firewalls list with.
ended up putting ole' Freddie on notice that he was on a short leash and
no more of his nonsense would be tolerated or reposted.  Brent exersized
the patience of a glacier while many of the rest of us were sick and
tired of this character.  Brent finally acted to maintain the list
in a state where the rest of us could get something productive from it.
a snippy remark to Brent to "test" the moderator filter.  Of course
Brent let that one through to illustrate the author's pettiness,
childishness, and immaturity.  Let it not be said that Brent does not
have a sense of humor, he let Freddie hang himself right pretty.

@_date: 1995-10-30 00:01:40
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: New release of CFS Unix encrypting file system available 
Matt Blaze enscribed thusly:
from a coward hiding behind an anonymus remailer.  For a problem
that is all in his own mind!
ravings because if you didn't, some others would think this guy had something
significant to say.  It's a sad state of afairs when someone creates a
great package like CFS and then has to deal with an annoyance like this.
"Look!  The clothes have no Empereror!"

@_date: 1995-09-27 07:44:29
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Netscape for OS/2, when? (Re: Another Netscape Bug) 
Jeff Weinstein enscribed thusly:
OS/2 would seem to be a little bit worse that the MTBGPF (Mean Time Between
General Protection Faults) on Windows, but not much.  If I run Netscape
continuously for more than 20 minutes or so, I'm almost certain to get a
GPF.  I've even got a few tricks which can do it immediately.  When it
first comes up, Maximize the window, then hit stop, then hit another link,
all before the Netscape Home Page is fully loaded.  Bang!  "The application
Netscape has caused a General Protection Fault in module...."  I've learned
to let the dust settle before touching too much.  BTW - This is true in
1.1N (16 bits) as well as 1.2N (32 bits) and even occures in the "purchased"
browser (the office bought a copy).  Has been experienced on a half dozen
machines or so, 386, 486, and Pentium, with differing video drivers.
dump while using Netscape 1.1N on Solaris.  No very frequently, maybe once
every week or so, and I use UNIX A LOT MORE than Windows, so stability
is actually even better.
under UNIX since they both involve a pointer misuse resulting in an
illegal memory reference.  Main real difference is that a GPF on UNIX
rarely takes out the operating system while under Windows a GPF is a
general indication that something has committed randome acts of terrorism
and Windows itself may be compromised.

@_date: 1996-08-27 13:18:22
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: The POUCH 
JOHN E. HOLT enscribed thusly:
depends on obfuscation until it is successfully reverse engineered (which
you just set yourself up as a prime target) and then all of your chumps
(ahh..  clients) get raped.  I wouldn't even look at it and would advise
all of my clients to avoid it like the plague...

@_date: 1996-12-15 19:50:02
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: sorry for the spam! 
Psionic Damage enscribed thusly:
IP address 206.129.116.108 as of Sunday evening.  While the messages
where poping up on cypherpunks, one of the Received-By headers was
indicating his IP address.  I was able to confirm his presence on the
network and determine it to be a windows system operating with the workstation
name of "MARLAEST" and a workgroup name of "ESTES ADVENTURE".  He's not
operating a windows messaging pop-up or I would have sent him an appropriate
message of appreciation.  Since it IS a windows system (and not running
sendmail) I think it is safe to assume that he IS the end point of this
Coordinator Michael Heuerman, mikheu at PREMIER1.NET (360-793-3658), who is also
getting a copy of this...
ass in the nearest toxic waste dump?

@_date: 1996-12-16 06:41:41
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Zerofaith/Mail Bomb (fwd) 
flagg at nlights.net enscribed thusly:
one little detail is that it was late...  Good thing she didn't have a message
pop-up.  Hate collateral damage.
where the nonsense was originating.  These guys did good.

@_date: 1996-02-01 06:40:21
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: PZ a Nazi? 
Anonymous User enscribed thusly:
me...  Never tell the truth well a lie will do.
on the clipper chip when one of the government lackies (don't remember if
it was Ms Denning herself or not - I think it was) went into a tirade about
this.  Acused Phil of supporting terrorists, drug dealers, nazi's, child
molestors, - the whole "four horsemen" nine yards.
STINKS TO HIGH HEAVEN!

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:45:46
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: secure WWW on UNsecure servers 
Perry E. Metzger enscribed thusly:
of S/HTTP systems are Tereasa systems and EIT.  While the rest of us have
been working on and developing for SSL those guys have stonewalled and
sat on it.  I know.  You ever try browsing for S/HTTP information.  Most of
the links on their site with any useful information refuse access to anyone
other that EIT members.  We've had a freely available SSL reference
implentation available for ages.  AFAIK they STILL don't have a working
reference implementation.  When they do, you can bet it will be EIT only.
They're so hell bent on keeping total control over it that they now
strangled it to death.  We now have freeware SSLeay and nobody is even
interested in screwing S/HTTP.  Forget that it's a better idea.  The idea
was stillborn because the parents strangled it a birth.

@_date: 1996-07-05 07:35:37
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: CWD -- Jacking in from the "Keys to the Kingdom" Port 
Mike McNally enscribed thusly:
connections with Playboy or Penthouse (or worse - Hustler!) magazines found in
a drawer in the house.  You then discover this to be the shear and utter
gibberish that it really is...
magnitude MORE likey than the former.

@_date: 1996-07-13 12:43:59
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
David Mazieres enscribed thusly:
This is very VERY old news.  The people with 800 (and 900) numbers don't
have special software - they have a different service.  Instead of CLID,
they have ANI and have had it for YEARS!  One particular difference between
these two services is that CLID returns the "calling number" while ANI
returns the "billing number" (i.e. they number they would charge services
to).  For most of us, these numbers are identical.  For some of us, they
are different.
admit to it.  The story is told of an American Express customer who got
extremely agitated after an American Express customer support representative
asked them if they has recently changed their phone number.  The answer was
"no - why do you ask".  The rep replied, "well, the number you're calling
from is different".  The customer got so upset that American Express no longer
asks when someone calls in from a number different than the number on file.
number.  They warn you to call from your home number.  If you do, your card
is automagically activated.  If you don't, you have to jump through hoops.

@_date: 1996-07-13 12:45:52
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
Eric Murray enscribed thusly:
Caller ID!  They've got (and have had for a long time) ANI!  Most businesses
don't even WANT CLID!  You can block CLID.  You can't block ANI.
over CLID.  All the arguements about how businesses would then abuse this
and that and would invade our privacy was all a crock of SH*T.  All CLID
did was give to the consumer SOME of what businesses have had for years.
The whole business abuse arguement was pure red herring...
still had ANI.  Do you actually think your numbers were safe just because
they weren't delivered to residences?  Hell no!  Businesses could still
get them if they wanted them and there was nothing you could do about it!
To top it off - you THOUGHT you were safe!
number was to be able to log and track that information.  Every wonder
about those local companies who still had you call a 1-800 number.  Guess
what.  That was the easiest (and sometimes the cheapest) way to get ANI.
I ran a Harris 20/20 PBX switch for a company over 6 years ago and remember
looking over and discussing the ANI specs with the management.  We decided
not to pursue trying to get ANI on our DID lines but the switch supported
it and that switch was considered out of date technology at THAT time!

@_date: 1996-06-22 05:45:47
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Current status of RSA patent... 
Intense enscribed thusly:
         ^^^^^^^^^ ^^^^^^ ^^^^^              ^
                                 ^              ^^^^^^^^^
          ^^^^^                                            ^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^                   ^
grammar errors (heaven knows - I make enough myself) but this discussion,
over patents and laws, seems to be involving someone bent on setting a
record for ridiculous errors.  Is "Intense" a child?  (Actually my children,
all three of them, would not make these mistakes!)  We see here a discussion
over points of patent law and government policy, and Jim seems to be having
a battle of wits with a half-armed opponent.

@_date: 1996-05-15 04:08:34
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Accidental subscriber needs help off of list. 
Don enscribed thusly:
much more likely.
the matter that what appear from the one line quote.  There is a problem
right now with jerks maliciously subscribing people to lists they've never
heard of.
know how many times we've seen Newt Gingrich subcribed to all of our lists.
I don't think its and accident and I don't think Newt is really all that
interrested in everything we offer.  A very high percentage of our
unsubscribe requests include a message saying "How did I get on this list".
of the downstream remailers and exploders.  How would one get unsubscribed
from a list if they can't even determine where they're subscribed at?
they will add or remove someone's subscription.  We're still considering
it.  It may prove to be the only viable solution to deal with the plague.

@_date: 1996-11-09 10:41:16
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: New Linux-IPSEC mailing list for the S/WAN project 
John Gilmore enscribed thusly:
request to majordomo at clinet.fi with the single line that says:

@_date: 1996-11-16 13:29:06
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: [NOISE] aga isn't on cypherpunks... (and I'm glad) 
Tim Scanlon enscribed thusly:
a procmail configuration that mailed aga at dhp.com and postmaster at dhp.com
a copy of every message that originated from aga at dhp.com?  Do you think
he would start to "get it" then?

@_date: 1996-11-16 14:02:14
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: NT insecurity 
Adamsc enscribed thusly:
on this list has already heard too TOO many times...  If you have physical
access to the machine, it ain't secure.  It doesn't matter what operating
system or what that operating system offers in the way of security.  If
you can boot it off a floppy, you got it by da balls.  Period.  NT is no
better and no worse than any variation of UNIX out there.  I help a friend
break into a SCO C2 secure Unix box that way.  Booted DOS off the floppy,
hunted down the password entry (it ain't in /etc/passwd in this mother),
and changed it to something we knew.  Was owned by a friend whose EX boy
friend had locked her out of her own system!  Took just a few minutes,
including the programing time.

@_date: 1996-11-18 12:20:41
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: [NOISE] aga isn't on cypherpunks... (and I'm glad) 
aga enscribed thusly:
"my postmaster".  He be me.  :-)  I wasn't too sympathetic (other than
for your postmaster)...

@_date: 1997-12-23 08:56:44
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Lock and Load 
Mix enscribed thusly:
"lock" the firing mechanism in a safety position (kind of a half cocked
position), then load it through the muzzle (picture this and some old
cartoons about raming a ball on top of gun powder down the muzzle of a
riffle and the possiblities to picture why you would want this locked on
"safety"), then finish cocking the rifle to prepare it to fire.  This also
relates to the term "half cocked" since a rifle that was only half cocked
(in its locked position) was not ready to fire.  So going off "half cocked"
became a reference to going into something unprepared while "lock and load"
evolved into a reference to actively or vigorously preparing to engage in
something, be it a battle, an arguement, or what ever...

@_date: 1997-12-23 12:56:28
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Lock and Load (fwd) 
Jim Choate enscribed thusly:
some of the "so called" experts on early firearms who give demonstrations
down here at some of the battlefield monuments and parks here in Georgia.
This is what "the experts" have claimed.  Can't personally claimed to have
read it in any specific manual myself.
percusive caps have replaced the old lock and flint so some of the issues are
different.  I do, however, follow the rules.  Yes the wadding goes in, which
ever reason you accept, and yours is just as good (if not better) than the
others.  I also happen to have an friend who happen to be very much into
muzzle loaders as well as reloading his own shells for conventional arms.
This friend happened to have a fire in his house about five years ago.
As he tells the story, the fire burned the paint off the outside of the can
of smokeless powder sitting on a shell in his basement but did not expedite
his journey into discovering the nature of life beyond.  I personally would
not recommend subjecting such substances to such abuses of heat and pressure,
but some are known to get away with it and still live to tell the tale.
throw and impressive 1/4" lead ball and leave one hell of an impression when
it arrives...

@_date: 1997-02-06 20:47:40
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: lead remailer is shut down 
zinc enscribed thusly:
of the body so we can desecrate the corpse!
resource due to the abuse by cretins with all the morals of an alley cat
in heat...

@_date: 1997-02-06 22:55:47
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: lead remailer is shut down 
zinc enscribed thusly:
of the body so we can desecrate the corpse!
resource due to the abuse by cretins with all the morals of an alley cat
in heat...

@_date: 1997-02-13 06:53:25
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: How to make majordomo request confirmations of subscriptions? 
ichudov at algebra.com enscribed thusly:
or periodic confirmations.  A couple of months ago someone else on a large
mailing list I help run suggested a package that would periodically mail
a bounce probe.  The probe would have explicit instructions to do NOTHING
if you wanted to remain on the list, just ignore the message.  If the
message came back, due to an E-Mail bounce, vacation program, or someone
who decided they didn't want to remain on the list after all, you toasted
them off.  Sort of an inverse confirmation message.  I lost the message
about the package before I could find it.  It sounds like a great compliment
to majordomo.  Maybe should be another feature for majordomo?  Anyone who
has heard of this add-on, let me know.  I'm still looking for it.
need to be beefed up.  I've had a lot of subscribers get "confused" when
their STUPID windows mailer breaks their "auth" message into two lines and
majordomo refuses to recognize it.  Forwarding the confirmation message
back or "replying" to it tend to screw up big time, so I modified the message
in my version to instruct users to "create a new message with this line as
the only line in the body".  It's cut down on the screwed up subscriptions
of floatsam in the E-Mail address that are not valid E-Mail addresses...
Example:  "Michael H. Warfield"  would result in messages
going back to Michael, H., and Warfield, as well as mhw at wittsend.com.  I'm
planning on cleaning out any whitespace separated tokens which do not
contain an embedded " followed by a least one "." and ending with an alpha
or a ".".  That's on my to-do list for this week or next...  Along with
upgrading to 1.94.1.

@_date: 1997-02-13 07:26:01
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: How to make majordomo request confirmations of subscriptions? 
ichudov at algebra.com enscribed thusly:
or periodic confirmations.  A couple of months ago someone else on a large
mailing list I help run suggested a package that would periodically mail
a bounce probe.  The probe would have explicit instructions to do NOTHING
if you wanted to remain on the list, just ignore the message.  If the
message came back, due to an E-Mail bounce, vacation program, or someone
who decided they didn't want to remain on the list after all, you toasted
them off.  Sort of an inverse confirmation message.  I lost the message
about the package before I could find it.  It sounds like a great compliment
to majordomo.  Maybe should be another feature for majordomo?  Anyone who
has heard of this add-on, let me know.  I'm still looking for it.
need to be beefed up.  I've had a lot of subscribers get "confused" when
their STUPID windows mailer breaks their "auth" message into two lines and
majordomo refuses to recognize it.  Forwarding the confirmation message
back or "replying" to it tend to screw up big time, so I modified the message
in my version to instruct users to "create a new message with this line as
the only line in the body".  It's cut down on the screwed up subscriptions
of floatsam in the E-Mail address that are not valid E-Mail addresses...
Example:  "Michael H. Warfield"  would result in messages
going back to Michael, H., and Warfield, as well as mhw at wittsend.com.  I'm
planning on cleaning out any whitespace separated tokens which do not
contain an embedded " followed by a least one "." and ending with an alpha
or a ".".  That's on my to-do list for this week or next...  Along with
upgrading to 1.94.1.

@_date: 1997-11-05 06:10:58
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: SynCrypt: the new PGP? 
Mark Rogaski enscribed thusly:
So far, we haven't heard a peep from Bruce.  Maybe Bruce is working with
them, and that's all well and good, but until such time that we hear so
from Bruce in a way that we can authenticate, we are not even up to the
point of trusting him as yet.  We are still at the point of trusting
whatever they are telling us.  And I agree...  No source, no security.
Windows only...  No way...

@_date: 1997-11-05 13:00:14
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: SynCrypt: the new PGP? 
Bruce Schneier enscribed thusly:
thing and we hadn't heard you chime in yet.  I yield.  :-)
someone had been making baseless claims about your participation that you
would have been off da pad at warp one.  Just checking to make sure and
keep everyone honest (when was the LAST time I dropped out of lurk mode
on this list???).

@_date: 1997-11-05 13:21:45
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: SynCrypt: the new PGP? 
over to Bruce's centerpane address...
Bruce Schneier enscribed thusly:
"just to be sure" here is what I got back...
new meaning to sending a message from   Yeah right.  Got about
a week and a half till he's back, according to this...

@_date: 1997-10-07 06:57:51
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Trademarking CypherSpace??? 
If you are not familiar with it, take a look at what the Linux community
went through when some clown snuck through a trademark on "Linux".  You
can check out that story at .  He
lost, but not without some ugly fighting.  Actually, he surrendered the
Trademark to Linus Torvalds in exchange for his original filling fees.
I think Linus, Linux International, SSC, et al decided that would be
cheaper than to continue to litigate, even though the individual in
question was facing possible criminal charges over filing a false PTO
is issued, DON'T WAIT!
 Michael H. Warfield    |  (770) 985-6132   |  mhw at WittsEnd.com
  (The Mad Wizard)      |  (770) 925-8248   |    NIC whois:  MHW9      |  An optimist believes we live in the best of all
 PGP Key: 0xDF1DD471    |  possible worlds.  A pessimist is sure of it!

@_date: 1998-04-02 13:35:30
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: regulating the internet 
Trei, Peter enscribed thusly:
is yes.  She asked if anyone had any opinions.  I might have responded that
asking an opinionated bunch like cypherpunks if any of them have opinions
must have been a retorical question.
don't think the simple answer is what she WANTED though...  :-)
joke about Microsoft support...  The answer is 100% correct and completely
useless.  :-)

@_date: 1998-02-03 22:32:17
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: County Mounties Spit on the 4th Amendment 
Anonymous Sender enscribed thusly:
familiar with US radio) slang term in the US for local police.  Conversely
"Supertroupers" refers to State Patrol.  The term "Smokie" (coined from
the movie Smokie and the Bandit) refers to all police.

@_date: 1998-02-19 00:01:25
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: I was auto-outed by an IMG tag in HTML spam 
William H. Geiger III enscribed thusly:
a specially formated porno-spam message.  When he opened it, the html message
did an autorestart on his browser and  there he was browsing
the porno site!  What a convenient feature!  Especially with you boss and
co-workers in the vicinity!

@_date: 1998-02-19 16:00:05
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Which is secure 
Anonymous enscribed thusly:
it's block cypher or stream cypher.  Religious adherents on BOTH sides
may differ (and prove the point).

@_date: 1998-03-19 13:16:22
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Will New Sendmail Block Remailers? 
Yupin Mungdee enscribed thusly:
it from the Internet.  We need to make it UNPROFITABLE and the scum will
slink back under the rocks they came from.

@_date: 2000-10-14 19:19:27
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Rijndael & Hitachi 
References: <20001011142522.F217E35DC2  <000b01c03628$eabfbd40$a6d11018
I've lost a couple of similar doors in the past to kids, both my own and

@_date: 2001-02-28 18:11:07
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Another Wiretap Criminal Exposed 
References: <200102281652.f1SGqXp11718 <200102282042.PAA26520
charges and the prosecutor dropped them stating that the teacher could
have no expectation of privacy in a classroom of 30 students.  That neither
sounds like the government nor the prosecutors.  Just one dweeb of an
inDUHvidual teacher that was a few clues short of a load.  And a science
teacher, as that...  Shesh...  No, strike that...  I met my kid's physics
teacher.  Another fine example of those that can, do, and those that can't,
teach.  Took everything I could to restrain myself from embarassing the
hell out of her during a parent / student swap day.
and firing that keyboard.  Let me see that learners permit.

@_date: 2001-07-11 14:04:33
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: freq meter vs. spectrum analyzer for sweeping 
from juicy on Wed, Jul 11, 2001 at 08:29:02AM
  -0700
References: two types I saw, if you are looking for it with a frequency meter, grid
dip oscilator, specturm analyzer, RF meters, or whatever, then you are
barking up the wrong tree.  Both of what I saw worked through the phone
lines (one using the existing phone line and one using an additional
phone line) and would not be emitting RF.  Are you think of a third type
that activates over the phone but transmitts on RF (Why?  If it transmitts
RF, why not activate it with RF and avoid the need for the telephone
call in, entirely?) or were you just not thinking?  I suppose that one
might be led to the false conclusion that because someone put the word
"transmitter" in the name that it must transmit RF.  The mouthpiece of
a telephone handset is also called a transmitter and doesn't emit a spec
of RF.
while the other type requires the installation of an additional phone line
and wouldn't ring your phone.  The former (single line) would also interfer
with normal operation of the phone.  Get a "call and hang-up", hang up,
count to twenty, pick up, draw down a dial tone (which could, in theory
be faked - classical modem callback trick) and call someone else,
preferably someone with calling line ID who can verify your phone number
(to avoid stupid loopthrough systems - another classic "man in the middle
trick).  The former also does not work well with ESS switches because
it depends on "calling party disconnect" to hold the line open, which
ESS will not do.  The later (the two line system) was specifically
advertised as working within ESS systems without requiring modification
to the ESS system (obviously to work around the "called party disconnect").
line infinity transmitter, it seems to be little more than the "classic"
diode-bridge to hold a line off-hook where the calling party can still
hear the called party phones after the called party hangs up.  Lame...
No transmitter, and you just have to install the bridge and controller
anywhere on the POTS pair between the SLC and any of the phones, even
outside the house on the drop line.  If you have a few thousand feet
of copper loop between you and the SLC, it doesn't even need to be in
your subdivision.  Nothing needs to be installed in the house at all to
make that work.  It's still lame and easy to detect (line voltage
siting at off-hook voltage) and even a "busy line" detector you can get at
Radio Shack (lits up to indicate when another extension is off hook)
should detect it.  But NOT with an RF detector.  :-)  Also wouldn't work
with ISDN phones.
per day, always from "out of area" and always tracks down to these moronic
auto telemarketing boxes that overdial the number of operators.  If you
answer the phone and say "hello" and the autodialer doesn't have a free
operator to had you off to, it hangs up the phone.  Been discussions to
make these illegal (since they don't give you an opportunity to tell them
to add you to their "do not call list" they already violate FCC rules in
theory) and to make the use of "out of area" CLID indicators by telemarketers
illegal for the same reasons.  I happen to know people who work for a
company that designs and manufactures those devices.  Some of these
clowns configure them for dialing as many as 10 times as many numbers
as people handling the calls.  That way if you only get 1 out of 10
answering the phone, all your operators stay pretty much busy.  If you
get more than one out of ten answering the phone, you generate a lot
of "call-and-hangup" calls.  But you (the telemarketer) don't care about
them because they can't identify you and they can't tell you to never
call back and the extra calls don't interrupt your dinner.

@_date: 2001-03-01 22:15:00
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Chemical of the Week -- Ozone 
References: <3A9F0630.E3E47AE1
pool.  The Ozone generator (a unit based on high-vacuum UV lamps rather than
the electric discharge arc mentioned in the article) in combination with a
silver/copper ion injector should virtually eliminate our use of halogen
oxidizers (chlorine shock) and halogen sanitizers (bromine).
atmosphere it's vital to all life on the planet.  At ground level it's
a major contributor to smog.  In water treatment, it's just now coming
into it's own as beating the bejesus out of chlorine in sanitizing
water (it kills crytpo-sporidium (sp?) where chlorine is ineffective)
and it's a way for pool owners to eliminate use of ozone destroying
is an incredible oxidizer (well, duh!) and sanitiser and helps eliminate
halogen polution while it's a smog contributor itself.  Life's LITTLE
ironies.  :-)

@_date: 2001-09-19 00:03:26
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Code Red seems to be back. 
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20010918093041.038e5150
  <5.0.2.1.1.20010918093041.038e5150
  <200109182005.QAA15052
also tries IIS and netbios propagation.  Unfortunately, it is being
VERY successful at all of the above.  More like "Code Red on Steriords".
Not just Grannie and her hotmail account with an MS Mail client but it's
even propagating to Samba shares and other SMB connections with "guest"
