
@_date: 2013-01-15 14:31:38
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Distributed identity, chat, publishing, 
Hash: SHA1
Yes, that seems to be an adoption barrier for darknets in general -
they're hard to try out on a casual basis.
I agree that replacing keys with short strings would be an
improvement, but I'm not sure it would require switching to Ed25519
(or elliptic curves generally). RetroShare has a DHT, so the key could
be referred to by its hash, which would be used to retrieve the full
key from the DHT.
(I believe you can join the DHT before adding any contacts - but I
could be wrong about that.)
If the P2P connections could be made to work seamlessly then I'd
agree. But my experience with (IPv4-based) P2P connections is that an
informed user can generally make them work better than an uninformed
user, by forwarding ports, setting up dynamic DNS, etc. So exposing
some of the networking details may be a reasonable pragmatic
compromise with the godawful state of the internet.
In general I'm quite pessimistic about the possibility of creating
IPv4-based darknets that work well for uninformed users.
Agreed! The abundance of (overlapping?) features is the thing I find
most off-putting about RetroShare.
By the way, I've just found out that the RetroShare team has a
fantastic development blog:
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2013-07-29 16:46:35
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Dealing with malicious nodes in decentralized p2p network 
Hash: SHA1
I'm not sure whether your message just came through to the list or
whether I just noticed it. Either way, I hope it's not too late to reply.
The following papers describe attacks that can be carried out by
malicious nodes in structured P2P networks:
E. Sit and R. Morris. Security considerations for peer-to-peer
distributed hash tables. 1st International Workshop on Peer-to-Peer
Systems (IPTPS ?02), Cambridge, MA, USA, March 2002.
M. Castro, P. Druschel, A. Ganesh, A. Rowstron, and D.S. Wallach.
Secure routing for structured peer-to-peer overlay networks. 5th
Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation, Boston, MA,
USA, December 2002.
I'd recommend checking out the papers that cite those papers, some of
which propose solutions to some of the attacks.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2013-03-04 15:40:22
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Efficient digital one-way communication 
Hash: SHA1
Hi Jens,
Last year I spent some time playing with audio encoding of data for
transmission over handheld radios. The state of the art here is dialup
modems - on a good day they can get 56,000 bits per second over a
channel designed for voice, but that requires advanced modulation and
error correction techniques. The radio hams have packet radio (AX.25
and APRS) running at 1,200-9,600 bps over long distances using simple
modulation and no error correction. Some early home computers used
audio cassettes for storage (300-1,200 bps, CUTS or Kansas City Standard).
If you want to support purely one-way communication (no acks), you'll
need to forward error correct the data. Hamming codes and parity
checks are simple to implement but they'll eat a lot of your
bandwidth; Reed-Solomon codes are more bandwidth-efficient but also
more complex.
Some Java code for modulation, framing and error correction is here if
you're interested:
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-11-21 12:17:38
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exclusive: Inside America's Plan to Kill 
References: <20131121112958.GF5661
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
For users of Adblock Plus, the following rule allows access:

@_date: 2013-10-10 13:03:58
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [guardian-dev] ADTN: Anonymous Delay-Tolerant Network 
Hash: SHA1
Hi all,
Ana Barroso gave an exciting presentation at CTS IV about a new idea
for anonymous communication. Briefly, the idea is to use short-range
communication between mobile devices to create a delay-tolerant
network. Any member of the network can send messages anonymously to
the whole network, and members who know each other can use the network
to exchange end-to-end encrypted private messages.
An adversary who can observe the whole network and participate in it
can't tell:
* Which users are sending messages, as opposed to just forwarding them
* Which user is the source of an anonymous message
* Which users are the source and destination of a private message
* Which users know each other
These are strong anonymity properties that are clearly applicable to
activist use cases, so I'd like to see this thing built. It does't,
unfortunately, follow that I can build it on my own, but with our
collective skills, experience and fragments of reusable code I think
we can put together a proof-of-concept Android app with minimal risk
of karoshi.
I've set up a Github project and a couple of mailing lists. Please
join the adtn-devel list if you'd like to discuss or contribute to the
project, or the adtn-announce list for occasional updates. Ana's
working on a tech report that will describe how her idea works.
Looking forward to your comments, suggestions and pull requests.
Guardian-dev mailing list
Post: Guardian-dev at lists.mayfirst.org
List info: To Unsubscribe
        Send email to:  Guardian-dev-unsubscribe at lists.mayfirst.org
        Or visit: You are subscribed as: eugen at leitl.org

@_date: 2013-09-13 10:56:49
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Fwd: Firefox OS with built in support for OpenPGP encryption 
Hash: SHA1
The Samsung Galaxy Player (Samsung Galaxy S WiFi in some countries) is
essentially an Android phone without a baseband. I believe you can run
CyanogenMod on it.
