
@_date: 1993-11-10 12:33:21
@_author: mycal 
@_subject: Modem taps/Caller ID 
The 1200 bps it uses is called bell 202, kinda reminds me of the old days
with an apple, an apple cat modem, and first disfer then catsend and catfer...
Hmmm maybe I can dust off that apple cat modem and use it for caller ID :)
The apple cat modem is the only modem I know of that supported this
flavor of 1200bps, which was great for short bursts of data with little
syncronization neccary.

@_date: 1993-11-12 20:19:41
@_author: mycal 
@_subject: Fractal cryptography 
Just to add a data point, chaos seems to be worth a look.  MIT's
Research Lab have created new signal-processors designs based on chaos
theroy for use in secure communication.
They are based on a recent descovery called synchronized chaos, where
a transmitter and receiver synchronize with each other.
I have a photo copy of an article in front of me but (blush) it has
no identifying elements to it.  I will look monday for the original
and post the source.

@_date: 1993-10-04 12:34:42
@_author: mycal (voices through your head @ 88.1MHz 
@_subject: secure phone quest 
Has anyone had any luck in getting a sound blaster card to work full duplex?
This would seem to be the first step in getting a workable low cost secure
phone line.
Also How about a half duplex secure voice link for the internet?  Heck
you could call anyone up if they are logged in and were equipped, crypto

@_date: 1993-10-12 09:31:48
@_author: mycal (voices through your head @ 88.1MHz 
@_subject: Why X/Open in London? 
I know several small companies from canada that had offices in the us that
moved them back to canada so they wouldn't be bothered by the US export
laws since they use RSA in there product.
The US is blowing it.

@_date: 1993-09-29 20:16:33
@_author: mycal (voices through your head @ 88.1MHz 
@_subject: misc crypto stuff 
First a prediction, soon the news media will pick up on a major story on
somthing like child porn being transfered around using something like
PGP.  It will get blown out of preportion, and there will be a call to
outlaw anything but government approved government decodeable encription.
The news media will do one of there steller jobs on how bad this encyption
problem is and how there needs to be somthing done about it (see there
handling of gun related stuph).  The cattle, I mean ppl of this country
that still don't know the first thing about computers, and even lots of
those who, do will support the idea that something needs to be done (to
protect those poor children) and congress will pass a law, call it the
"communication security act" (don't you just love the names they choose for
these laws that do the opposite of what they are titled).  And since there
is no crypto lobby that weilds much power (unlike the gun lobby), it will
get passed, despite the outcry on the net, overloaded government email
boxes and editorials from computer rags.
Second, ever wonder why they picked 80 bits for the key length for clipper?
I think they used the same criterea that they used when they picked 56 bits
for DES.  I'm somewhat sure that clipper, like DES is a sound encription
method, but I'm also somewhat sure that 80 bits is not out of the NSA's
realm of attacking if it was neccary (like there not being able to use the
giant back door called key escrow).   They probibly calculated that 80 bits
is strong enough to provide a good level of protection against most cracking
attemts that could be mustered from other governments and orginizations,
but not against theirselvs, at least scailed for the preposed release date.
3rdly and finally,  if anyone is interested I can send them, for educational
purposes only, the source code for Zipcrack.  It hacks Zip V1.1 only, and
does a brute force attack, but it is economical for <7 character passwords.
It could be modified to do things like a dictionary search, but I lost
intrest a couple years ago.  Anyway it is in C and is quite short.

@_date: 1993-09-30 16:02:27
@_author: mycal (voices through your head @ 88.1MHz 
@_subject: misc crypto stuff 
Yes but if this is true it still was an isolated case, was they guy sending
stuff to other ppl encrypted?  Was he receiveing porn from over seas? Or
was he just protecting his personal notes?
The Media and the sheep, i mean ppl, wouldn't be moved to take a hard
position if it is just one guy protecting his diary, even if it contained
lots of evidance. But give them a network of child porno guys, and a well
done under cover operation that gives just enough information that
uncrackable crypto was used and that the police were lucky in catching
these guys with inside info and that there are many encrypted messages
flowing in and out, and throughout the US that could be pornographers just
like these guys, or worse, and the police are powerless to do anything,
even if they suspect wrong doing.  Just watch the Media jump all over
this one.

@_date: 1993-09-30 20:17:09
@_author: mycal (voices through your head @ 88.1MHz 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
OK, here is the twist that should work .  If the computer
falls into the wrong hands the computer could just lock down all the data
on the hard disk, encripting it.
None of the data would be lost, just encripted.  You'd need the recovery
program boot disk and the password/phrase to unlock the hard disk.
This program could be hidden in a modified copy of the operating system,
you could also add the modified prom code so the computer wouldn't work
without the modified operating system.
So they would have a useless computer, but the data wouldn't be recoverable
and if they reformatted the HD, they still couldn't use it.  I don't think
they would be smart enough to know that the prom had been replaced.
Then again, there are probibly already programs out there that encript
the HD already.

@_date: 1994-01-18 17:53:47
@_author: mycal 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum xcever moduals 
Looking through the new Nuts and Volts I came accross this ad:
  SPREAD SPECTRUM tranceiver modules, USA, part 15, 100mw 902-928 MHz.
  XT interface needs only an address decoder, 74ls245 and antenna.  Data
  or voice to 242kb/s.  With manual $240 + $5 S&H, VISA or MasterCard.
  SKV International, 37200 Central Court, Newark, CA 94560.  510-796-1101,
  call for RF sales.
Anyone up for setting up a bay area network based on these things?
100mw into a yagi could be good for 10 miles or so, and I think you
are allowed up to a watt under part 15 as long as your signal meets
certain requirements, this could extend the range to 30-40 miles per
link.   Local links could be set up to cover a number of users in
a local area.
How does this sound?  Does anyone know of a better deal for SS modules?
