
@_date: 1994-07-20 16:04:16
@_author: Michael V. Caprio Jr. 
@_subject: I take it the list is down? 
If so, please resubscribe me.  I find it unusual to not have the typical 20 or so messages waiting for me since my last login...
If not, apologies for the letter.

@_date: 1994-05-03 14:11:12
@_author: Michael V. Caprio Jr. 
@_subject: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
So what is the natural currency to trade in on the Internet?  What is the
medium that is most widely spread across the myriad nodes and networks that
crisscross the globe?  What would someone like to be able to buy, that is easy
to acquire, and offers an advantage over real money?
The answer is quite simple:  information.  We need to find a way to trade in,
and subsequently value, information.  At first blush, this seems an impossible
task, and one that is highly subjective and prone to failure on an individual
level... but in a large enough group of people, there has to be a consensus on
the average value of a 'ware' of information.
Say I have a piece of code that you do not have, that you would like to get
from me - maybe it's something that I've written, or isn't publicly acessible
everywhere on the net.  I tell you that my code is worth 50 wares of digital
money; I have my own signature on the code that signifies that it's mine.
We agree, and exchange currency - Bob gives me 50 wares (with his signature
stripped from them), and I give him my code, with my signature removed.
So what's to stop Bob from replicating it and giving it to all his friends?
Well, bascially, that would devalue the 'ware cost' of the code.  If everyone
has it, it's hardly scarce, and therefore, not economically viable.
Any thoughts?  This is a pretty hefty topic, and I don't have the time to go
into it more just yet... I hope I've given some food for thought.
Zen, philosopher-at-large

@_date: 1994-05-04 09:23:30
@_author: Michael V. Caprio Jr. 
@_subject: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
Hmm.  It seems to me that a bunch of these characteristics you've described
seem very similar to a stock market situation.  I would use the analogy of
information as shares...  It also seems that number two is a typical zero
knowledge situation - plus the fact that if I tell you I have a piece of
code that does x - you want the code, and knowing what it does has no real
value to you, if you just want it for its functionality.
BTW, what is fungible?  I've seen this term used several times, but have no
idea what it means.
I think this is a key point - there has to be a common sponsoring agency,
a "data bank" or something that holds all the keys, and has all the info.
Making a currency isn't really the hard part here - someone could just encrypt a textfile that says "This is a five point cyphermark".  All that's
important is the key authentication at the bank, who will be the party who
trades it around ultimately - it's getting people to agree on it, and give it
value that's the issue...
Zen, philosopher-at-large

@_date: 1994-05-04 09:31:38
@_author: Michael V. Caprio Jr. 
@_subject: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
Dave sez:
Nope...  ego...
Zen, philosopher-at-large

@_date: 1994-10-01 07:47:38
@_author: Michael V. Caprio Jr. 
@_subject: NII calendar... 
Here's the latest schedule of events... looks like the only public
meeting left is on the 27th.
What the heck is the National Security Telecommunications Advisory
Committee?  (see Oct. 17-19)
Any brave cypherpunks in the area of "lecture room B" feel like
venturing into the den of the enemy and reporting?  NIST is lecturing
to the Committee on Applications and Technology... is that a
congressional thing?  Might there be a chance it'll appear on C-span?
