
@_date: 2000-10-12 14:26:04
@_author: mikefreeman at hushmail.com 
@_subject: CDR: britan to allow insurers to do genetic test for checking hereditary traits 
Content-type: text/plain
IMPORTANT NOTICE:  If you are not using HushMail, this message could have been read easily by the many people who have access to your open personal email messages.
Get your FREE, totally secure email address at

@_date: 2000-09-05 20:24:38
@_author: mikefreeman at hushmail.com 
@_subject: CDR: ZDNet UK News: Mathematics experts promise encryption boost 
This ZDNET UK News story has been forwarded to you by mikefreeman at hushmail.com
who has added these comments:
Has anybody here looked at the algorithim? If so what are your thoughts? Mathematics experts promise encryption boost
Thu, 31 Aug 2000 15:02:03 GMT  Will Knight
With the government's snooping bill looming, experts devise ways of
making Net communications more secure
A technique that promises to make advanced encryption more secure has
been developed by mathematics experts at France's National Institute
for Research in Computer Science and Control (INRIA).
Robert Harley, a graduate student at INRIA and one of the researchers
behind the new technique, says the new method will make "elliptic
curve" cryptography less vulnerable to attack. Elliptic curve
cryptography is a mathematical method for generating keys that are
commonly used to secure email messages and Internet connections.
Elliptic curve cryptography is more difficult to solve than older
techniques but it takes time to calculate the curves in the first
Harley has created an algorithm that makes it much easier to generate
individual elliptic curves, which can be used to generate unique user
keys for securing individual messages.
"Most people who use elliptic curve cryptography stick with one curve.
Within academic circles this is seen as slightly dangerous. It like
putting all your eggs in one basket," says Harley.
Harley's algorithm, which is based on theoretical work of Japanese
mathematician Takakazu Satoh of Saitama University, makes it possible
to calculate a curve with far less computing power than is
conventionally required. The time taken for a common calculation is
reduced from days to a matter of hours.
The new technique is likely to have an impact on commercial
applications cryptography. Harley says that US software company
Encrsoft is already hoping to incorporate his technique into its
encrypted instant messaging application Top Secret Messenger. Entrust
has also expressed an interested in the technique. The approach may
also be used to make SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption, which is
used to send transactions and communications over HTTP Internet
connections more secure. Researchers at Sun and Standford University
are developing SSL solutions based on Harley's research.
They can see you... Read about how and why in Surveillance
( a ZDNet
News Special
What do you think? Tell the Mailroom (mailroomuk at zd.com). And read
( what others have said.
If you found this ZDNN news report valuable, why not sign up for the free daily ZDNN News Alert - and we'll email you our top five headlines every day.
ZDNet News: The UK's best source for computing news - updated throughout the day.
Please report any abuse of this service to ukwebmaster at zd.com

@_date: 2000-09-26 11:30:32
@_author: mike 
@_subject: CDR: Wired News : Net Gambling Ban Not Dead Yet 
A note from mike:
   i had an idea a few weeks ago about using digital money  or e-gold for casinos. if this goes through then it looks like thats what people might do then.
 From Wired News, available online at:
Net Gambling Ban Not Dead Yet  by Declan McCullagh  3:00 a.m. Sep. 26, 2000 PDT If you like to gamble online, your luck may be about to change for the
worse.  House Republicans are in the middle of closed-door negotiations over a
bill that appears likely to restrict Americans from using credit cards
at online casinos.  After the House failed to approve the original Internet Gambling
Prohibition Act in July, its champion, Rep. Bob Goodlatte
(R-Virginia), has been rewriting it in hopes of attracting additional
support.  The proposal "says that no money orders or checks or credit cards can
be used in an Internet gambling transaction," says Michelle Semones, a
spokeswoman for Goodlatte. "If you take away that convenience of using
your credit card, you'll lose a lot of customers there."  Goodlatte's original legislation failed to reach the necessary
two-thirds supermajority because it morphed from a straightforward
gambling ban into a way for special interest groups to win exceptions.
Some conservative groups pulled their support after horse racing, dog
tracks, and jai alai lobbyists inserted language that would have, if
anything, expanded their reach online.  Another controversial point was a requirement that Internet service
providers "block access" to overseas websites when requested by
police.  That verges on being Internet regulation, says the powerful chairman
of the House Rules Committee, David Dreier (R-California), who
objected to such a requirement.  "Chairman Dreier has some concerns regarding the ISP provisions," a
spokesman said. "That's primarily the reason he opposed the bill while
it was on the floor earlier this year. He's working with the sponsors
of the bill to see if those concerns can be addressed."  But that change would make it difficult for the U.S. government to
block access to offshore websites. As an alternative, Goodlatte says,
financial institutions should become de-facto Internet police by
restricting credit card transactions going to offshore casinos.  Goodlatte's office said he would consider using language from a
related bill, the Internet Gambling Funding Prohibition Act, approved
by the House Banking Committee in June.   Because conservative groups are split between supporting and opposing
Goodlatte's bill, the House leadership reportedly blocked the measure
from going to the House floor again this year. The Clinton
administration opposes it.  In response, Goodlatte and his Senate ally, Jon Kyl (R-Arizona), went
on the attack.  The duo showed up on James Dobson's popular Focus on the Family radio
show and denounced Republican leaders as obstructionist and overly
reliant on campaign contributions from the gambling industry.  "It would be very, very helpful for our listeners to make calls to the
Republican leadership. I am just sick about what the Republican
leadership is doing," Dobson said during the Sept. 8 program.  Kyl complained that Rules Chairman Dreier "feels as though it's his
responsibility to protect the Internet at all costs."  Goodlatte replied: "These are folks, primarily lottery companies, that
stand to make tens of millions of dollars if they can start selling
lottery tickets online, in people's homes, which I think is horrible."
The on-the-air offensive worked. The next day, Capitol Hill
switchboards were ringing off the hook with calls from irate
conservatives, and Goodlatte soon got what he wanted from Republican
leaders.  "The leadership has requested that Mr. Dreier and Mr. Goodlatte sit
down to work out a compromise," said one lobbyist opposed to the bill.
"They are very close to an agreement."  Another lobbyist close to the Republican leadership said that Dreier
wants Goodlatte to guarantee, with a letter from 40 Democrats, that
they'll support the bill.  Lisa Dean, vice president of the conservative Free Congress
Foundation, says that "we're not so sure that Goodlatte has the votes
he says he has."  Dean, who opposes the bill, likened it to the abandoned "Know Your
Customer" proposal that would have required banks to increase
surveillance of their customers.  "If members in the House knew there was a Know Your Customer provision
in this bill, they wouldn't vote for it, given last year's backlash
against the Know Your Customer proposal from the federal banking
agencies," Dean said. "If people knew this had been slipped in, they
wouldn't vote for it."  The bill could go to the House floor for a vote this week or next.  Since the identical version hasn't been approved by the Senate, a vote
in that chamber would be required. Another option would be for the
measure's backers to attach it to an appropriations bill.   Related Wired Links:  Tapping Into Porn  Jul. 13, 2000 GOP Wants No Net Bets  Jul. 13, 2000 Gambling Regs, Gambling Judges  Jun. 21, 2000 Net Gambling Bill Seen as Risky  Jun. 21, 2000 Aussies' Online Gaming Debate  May. 31, 2000 Let Us Play Poker and Swear  Apr. 26, 2000 Net Tobacco a Smoking Issue  Apr. 4, 2000 Copyright  1994-2000 Wired Digital Inc. All rights reserved.

@_date: 2001-01-17 19:27:58
@_author: mikefreeman at hushmail.com 
@_subject: ZDNet UK News: Snooping code hits delays 
This ZDNET UK News story has been forwarded to you by mikefreeman at hushmail.com
who has added these comments:
problems with RIP
Snooping code hits delays
Mon, 15 Jan 2001 15:15:41 GMT  Gareth Morgan, IT Week
Draft document comes under fire for being too complex, delays ensue
A definitive code on email monitoring may be pushed back until after
Easter, as the Data Protection Commission (DPC) examines ways to
simplify the draft document following a barrage of criticism from
David Smith, the deputy data protection commissioner, told IT Week the
final version of the code of practice relating to employees' personal
data could be split into separate sections to cover areas such as
recruitment, monitoring and maintenance of records.
"[The draft version] was not as clear as it might have been," said
Smith, "so we are considering splitting the code into separate parts,
but this will require additional time to produce." The changes could
delay publication of the code - originally pencilled in for early
spring - until after Easter.
In the meantime, IT managers are being advised to continue to draw up
and implement their own codes of conduct.
Although industry is keen to have a code in place as soon as possible,
businesses agree it must be unambiguous and easy to enforce. The draft
version had been criticised by the Confederation of British Industry
(CBI) for being too long and complicated.
"Some parts of the code are clearly unworkable," said Rod Armitage, the
head of legal affairs at the CBI. "It is vital that we get this code
right." The CBI is also concerned that firms will not have the freedom
to determine their own guidelines on monitoring their employees.
Smith said he would meet the CBI and other interested parties over the
coming weeks to discuss the proposed code, and was well aware of the
importance being placed on the issue of monitoring. The bulk of the 70
responses to the consultation document which the DPC received had
focused on the issue of monitoring.
But the CBI is likely to be disappointed if it hopes the DPC will give
firms greater freedom to monitor their employees. The draft proposals
ruled that any monitoring of employee communications must be in
proportion to the business benefits that an organisation could hope to
achieve by it.
Smith said although there were areas where changes could be made to the
draft proposals, the 1998 Data Protection Act had to be adhered to:
"The code of practice is our interpretation of the Data Protection
The issue of email monitoring has resurfaced recently, with the TUC
describing incidents such as the sacking of ten workers at the Royal &
SunAlliance insurance company for forwarding lewd emails around the
office as out of proportion to the offence.
A spokeswoman for the TUC confirmed that the organisation had been
given special permission to provide feedback on the draft code a week
after the deadline. However, she was unable to provide further
Take me to ZDNet Enterprise
They can see you... Read about how and why in Surveillance
( a ZDNet
News Special
Have your say instantly, and see what others have said. Click on the
button and go to the ZDNet News forum.
Let the editors know what you think in the Mailroom
(mailroomuk at zdnet.com). And read
( what others have said.
If you found this ZDNN news report valuable, why not sign up for the free daily ZDNN News Alert - and we'll email you our top five headlines every day.
ZDNet News: The UK's best source for computing news - updated throughout the day.
Please report any abuse of this service to ukwebmaster at zdnet.com
