
@_date: 2013-08-14 14:26:27
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [Bitcoin-development] bitcoinj 0.10 
I'm pleased to announce version 0.10 of bitcoinj, a Java library for
writing Bitcoin applications. BitcoinJ has been used to create everything
from end-user wallet apps to network crawlers to SatoshiDice.
To learn how to obtain bitcoinj 0.10, please see the following page:
   The v0.10 release is signed by Andreas Schildbach's GPG key. The git hash
of the release is 777e6781d789. This paragraph is signed by the same
Bitcoin key as with previous releases (check their release announcements to
establish continuity).
Signature: H9Nl7FPnmrUOmjhUZ0+xB4YW3q5F5gIkGdvllsDWmWYvOkNQHAE9jZE0I/qE1VfLPeMV+Rzo7geTB43uDSFSMek=
*New in this release*
   - An implementation of *micropayment channels* was added. There have
   been many bugfixes and improvements since the first announcement. This
   feature allows you to set up a 1:1 payment relationship with a remote
   server and after a short setup process send very tiny payments, very
   rapidly. It's suitable for metered billing applications. An article,
   "Working with micropayments" explains how to use it. This work was a joint
   effort between Matt and myself.
   - A simple sublibrary has been added that provides async IO based
   client/server classes that transmit length prefixed protocol buffers.
   - Thanks to Matija Mazi, some classes have been added that implement *the
   BIP 32 deterministic wallet algorithm*. Note that these classes are not
   yet used elsewhere in the system and full deterministic wallet support is
   therefore not available, however, a low level API is available for
   experimentation. That API is very likely to change in future releases so
   don't get too attached to it.
   - Thanks to Gary Rowe, we have integrated *a new Maven plugin* that
   checks the SHA1 hashes of downloaded dependencies against a hard-coded
   list. This means that even if an upstream Maven repository or developer
   were to be compromised, library dependencies could not be switched out for
   corrupted versions without someone noticing. For 0.10 the dependency hashes
   were just initialised based on what was already downloaded. In future,
   reproducible builds of upstream dependencies and auditing of changes would
   provide better security. You can and should use Gary's
plugin in
   your own projects to defend against a possible compromise of the bitcoinj
   repository.
   - *Callback handling* has been much improved. Each event listener can
   have an Executor specified which takes responsibility for running the
   callback. If you don't specify one they run by default on a single
   background thread, the "user thread", instead of the origin framework
   threads. This means your callbacks no longer need to be thread safe as
   they're always run serially. You can also change the default executor if
   you would like to control the thread on which callbacks run, for example to
   marshal them into your GUI toolkit thread automatically. This fixes some of
   the most painful parts of the pre-0.10 API, for instance that transaction
   confidence listeners were not allowed to re-enter the library.
   - *Exception handling* has also improved. You can assign a global
   Thread.UncaughtExceptionHandler which receives any exceptions thrown on
   the user thread (i.e. by your own event listeners), as well as any internal
   exceptions thrown by network threads (like inability to parse a message
   sent by a remote peer). Because your listeners now run on a separate thread
   by default, you can no longer accidentally cause internal data corruption
   or prevent other callbacks from running by leaking exceptions out of your
   callbacks; a subtle knife-edge in the previous API.
   - Support for *automatic wallet key rotation* has been added.
   - We now require Bloom-capable (0.8+) peers by default and will
   disconnect from older nodes. This avoids accidental bandwidth saturation on
   mobile devices.
   - The wallet now accepts timelocked transactions if it created them
   itself.
   - The wallet can be told to empty itself out, in which case the fee will
   be subtracted from the total amount instead of added. This simplifies the
   common case of wanting to send your entire balance whilst still including a
   fee.
   - Some JNI peers for event listeners were added. Auto-generated JNI
   bindings are experimental and not yet merged in to the mainline codebase:
   for now they are available as part of a separate project on github. This
   work allows you to access the bitcoinj API using relatively natural looking
   C++ code and an embedded JVM.
   - You can now register custom PeerFilterProvider implementors to add
   things to Bloom filters that aren't necessarily in wallets.
   - We have begun adding nullity annotations to the API. Combined with a
   strong static analysis engine like FindBugs or the IntelliJ Inspector, you
   can find cases where you aren't handling possible null pointers. Note that
   you should configure your static analysis system to understand the Guava
   Preconditions assertions, as otherwise you will get false positives.
   - You can now control how much information Wallet toString() dumps
   contain more precisely. Extensions can contribute to a wallets debug dump
   as well, and transaction data is now optional.
   - Documentation: The getting started tutorial and PingService example
   were rewritten. New articles were added that cover optimising chain sync
   and using the library from non-Java languages. Existing articles were also
   extended and refreshed.
   - Many bug fixes and new methods. You should upgrade as soon as possible
   to get the bug fixes, in particular, one that could cause transactions
   inside the same block to be incorrectly re-ordered when using Bloom
   filtering (which can affect the wallet). The library code now has more
   internal annotations to help static analysis engines, and several bugs were
   fixed as a result of that.
*API Changes*
   - The ScriptBuilder class now takes TransactionSignature objects, these
   wrap a raw ECDSA signature and the SIGHASH flags together, with utility
   methods to work with them.
   - The Locks class has been renamed to Threading. The thread on which
   callbacks run has been changed, see above.
   - The WalletEventListener.onKeyAdded method became onKeysAdded and now
   takes a list, to make processing of bulk adds more efficient.
   - BitcoinURIParseException is now checked so you can't forget to handle
   bogus URIs.
   - The Wallet.toString(..) method has additional parameters now so you
   can control what is included in the dump.
*Known issues*
Please see the limitations and missing
features page.
This page has been fleshed out since the last release with common issues
and missing features. A few issues were also fixed and removed.

@_date: 2013-07-30 10:40:45
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] [Bitcoin-development] BitMail - p2p Email 0.1. beta 
For people who are interested in such technologies, I recommend looking at
It is written by Adam Langley, so it comes with some serious credentials
behind it. It provides asynchronous email-like messaging that's forward
secure, resistant to traffic analysis and the whole thing runs over Tor.
Messages are stored for a week and are strictly limited in size. There's no
spam because nobody has an address - instead you have to grant someone the
ability to message you by giving them a small file. So, not really intended
as an email competitor convenience wise, but it has many interesting ideas
and a reasonable GUI.
As a testament to the seriousness with which Pond takes forward security,
it can use the NVRAM in a TPM chip to reliably destroy keys for data that
an SSD device might have otherwise made un-erasable.
The main downside - it's written in Go :)

@_date: 2013-07-30 14:12:51
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] [Bitcoin-development] BitMail - p2p Email 0.1. beta 
The TPM is a piece of secure* hardware that provides various cryptographic
services to the host system. It is important to understand that it is not a
crypto accelerator. It is a place to store keys and small pieces of data
(like hashes, counters) where it's difficult for someone to extract them
even if they have physical access.
The TPM is designed to support trusted computing, a rather splendid set of
extensions to the x86 architecture that let you do remote attestation,
software sealing and other things. Or at least it would be splendid if it
had been really finished off and pushed to completion by the designers.
Unfortunately due to various political issues it exists in a
quasi-finished, semi-broken state which only experts can use. Without a
doubt you have never run any software in a TC environment.
As part of that role, the TPM provides some permanent storage in the form
of NVRAM. Because the TPM is designed to be as cheap as possible, it has a
limited number of write cycles. Normally you're meant to store Intel TXT
launch control policies and sealed keys there, but Pond uses it in a
different way by storing keys there that it encrypts local data with. By
erasing the key in the TPM chips memory area, the data on disk is
effectively destroyed too.
This is useful because modern "disks" are often SSD drives, or physical
metal disks that use log structured file systems. Because flash memory has
a limited number of write cycles per cell, internally SSDs have firmware
that remap writes from logical addresses to different physical addresses,
the goal is to avoid wearing down the drive and extend its useful life.
Normally it doesn't matter, but if you want to delete data such that it's
really really gone, it obviously poses a problem. Using TPM NVRAM solves
it, albiet, at a high usability cost.
*note: actual tamper resistance of real-world TPM chips is not something
that seems to have been studied much
