
@_date: 1993-08-18 20:45:52
@_author: MIKEINGLE at delphi.com 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Chip 
I'd like to propose a Cypherpunk chip to take the place of the
Clipper chip. This could go a long way toward bringing the
Cypherpunk vision to life, and it could also make someone a
fortune. But first, I'm going to flame a bit.
Even without key escrow and secret algorithms, Clipper is no good.
The Clipper chip uses a conventional single-key algorithm, so if
you want to use it with public-key, you have to do the RSA
operations in software. This makes it vulnerable to tampering and
key stealing. Clipper is essentially a beefed-up DES with a built-
in spy hole and a classified "trust us" algorithm.
The NSA seems to believe that only their classified algorithms are
unbreakable. This is not true. We don't need to trust the NSA to
give us an unbreakable single-key cipher. What we need are two
good, respected ciphers and a simple reorganization operation.
Choose, for instance, IDEA and triple-DES. Both are good
algorithms. They have keys which are long enough to rule out any
possibility of a brute-force attack. They are resistant to known
methods of cryptanalysis, including differential cryptanalysis.
They have good dispersion and produce pseudo-random ciphertext.
Whether the NSA could break either of these, using a classified
method, is pure speculation.
IDEA and triple-DES are very different algorithms. DES is based on
bit manipulation and permutation tables, whereas IDEA uses 16-bit
arithmetic operations. This is good, because it means that if
either algorithm has a flaw, the other one is not likely to have
the same flaw.
Take a 64-byte section of plaintext. Encrypt it using triple-DES.
Now, reorganize the ciphertext: take the first byte of each 8-byte
DES block (bytes 0,8,16, and so on) and make the first 8 bytes of
the reorganized section. Repeat with the second, third, etc. until
the entire 64 bytes are reorganized. So:
0       0       0       0       0       0       0       0       AIQYgow4BJRZhpx5...and so on.
Then, re-encrypt the section with IDEA, producing double-encrypted
Suppose you now change one bit in the ciphertext and decrypt it.
When you decrypt IDEA, you get one 8-byte block of garbage (which
is indistinguishable from the rest of the still-encrypted data).
When you undo the reorganization, you get one bad byte in each DES
block. So when you DES decrypt, you get 64 bytes of garbage.
This compound cipher is effectively a 64-byte block cipher, in that
every bit in the 64 bytes depends on every other bit. This means
that you would have to attack a 64-byte section i.e. you would need
64 bytes of plaintext to attempt a plaintext attack. And even if
you had the 64 bytes, you probably couldn't do anything with it. If
you found a weakness in either cipher that allowed you to attack
it, the same weakness would not exist in the other cipher (since
they are based on different methods). So you could not attack the
compound cipher. For this reason, a combination of two ciphers,
especially with the reorganization, should be much more secure than
one cipher. If I had to choose a cryptosystem to bet my life on,
I'd choose this above Skipjack any day.
Of course, it would be slower than a single cipher, but there are
ways to make it usable. For example, the reorganization would be
performed by straight-line assembly language, with no loops. And
the encryption program would use a large disk buffer. Or, better
yet, use hardware. See below.
The Cypherpunk Chip
Why couldn't we make a chip of our own, with some venture capital?
This would be a public-key encryption chip, with all the necessary
hardware self-contained, which would make secure phones, faxes,
computers, and everything very easy. RSA Data Security could make
a fortune if they received only a small royalty on each one sold.
The design of the chip would be extremely public and readily
available. Any company could produce them if it was willing to pay
for the use of the RSA algorithm.
The chip would contain a hardware true-random-number generator;
facilities for executing RSA; MD5 or another message digest; and an
extremely secure conventional cipher such as the compound cipher
mentioned above. It would also contain nonvolatile (flash ROM)
registers to store its public key and secret key.
Hardware random numbers can be generated by several methods. One is
to measure the jitter in an unstable oscillator. Another is to
reverse bias a diode, right on the edge of zener breakdown, causing
it to produce white noise. These methods can be proven by quantum
mechanics to be inherently random.
The chip would be sold blank - no serial number or anything. The
user would instruct it to initialize itself by generating a key
pair. It would do this internally, producing and remembering a
public key and secret key. This might take a while, but you only
have to do it once. When this is finished, you can easily extract
the public key, but there would be no way to extract the secret key
from the chip. The chip would be designed to make it very difficult
and expensive to extract the secret key by physical surgery, thus
making key stealing hard. The secret key would be stored internally
in encrypted form, using a pass phrase much like PGP does, and the
chip would decrypt it before each operation.
In addition to the initialization, there would be five basic
operations. The chip could output its public key, encrypt, generate
signatures, decrypt, and check signatures.
To encrypt, you would send the chip one or more public keys for
people you want to send to. It would generate a random session key,
and output the session key RSA-encrypted with each of the provided
public keys. It would never reveal the actual session key. Then the
chip would accept plaintext, 64 bytes at a time, and output
ciphertext. When the encryption of a particular message was
finished, the chip would forget the session key.
To sign, you would send the text to the chip, along with the pass
phrase, and it would run the MD5 algorithm on it. When finished, it
would output the signature, the MD5 encrypted with its secret key.
To check a signature, you would send the text, signature, and
public key, and the chip would output good or bad.
To decrypt, you would send the ciphertext and pass phrase, and the
chip would output the plaintext.
This chip would do basically what PGP does, except that it would be
self-contained, very difficult to steal keys from, and easy to use
in any device. The chip would not need to be hard-wired into a
device. It could be built into a card or other plug-in module,
perhaps PCMCIA compatible. You could use this as an electronic
identity, while retaining the option to remain anonymous by getting
a second card and generating a new identity. The card might also
contain a memory for other people's public keys.
You could, for example, insert the card into a pay phone and dial
your pass phrase. This would secure the call, allow you and the
recipient of the call to verify each others' identities, and pay
for the call with digital cash.
If this chip existed, "crypto-anarchy" would be easy. Everyone
would have a motive to use it. There would be no more credit card
fraud, no more phone-code fraud, no more bad checks, no more
hacking, no more surveillance, etc. The chip could make it happen.
We cipherpunks could actually win.
The chip would be introduced in a low-key way. We would let the
market see its advantages and jump on it, before the bad guys
recognized the threat. For example, it could be introduced as an
option for computers - plug it into a PCMCIA card slot and use it
to secure E-mail, your hard drive, etc. Don't advertise what it
could become; just let it happen. When we get it started, it will
happen by itself.
                                     < mikeingle at delphi.com >

@_date: 1993-08-23 21:55:24
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Mail --> News gateways 
Are there any alive and functional mail-to-news gateways other than
anon.penet.fi? What format do they use? In particular, is there one which can be put at the end of a chain of Cypherpunks remailers? I tried the two mentioned in the "Hal's Instructions" file, posting to alt.test, and they didn't work. How does one post to a group with a - in the name, such as alt.fan.david-sternlight?
To whoever sent that huge message for BlackNet: please read the
responses to this question and use news gateways to post messages
for BlackNet to alt.extropians.forbidden.topics or alt.fan.david-sternlight. Neither group has much traffic anyway,
and it's kind of annoying to receive large messages you can't
read, especially when you're paying for the download time.
To BlackNet: until alt.w.a.s.t.e or a similar group is created,
why not use alt.test for anonymous communication? Nobody really cares what's posted there, since nobody reads it except to find their own test posts. The poster could put a recognizable string, such as your hex key id, in the subject, allowing you to find it
quickly with the newsreader's search command.
                                  < MikeIngle at delphi.com >

@_date: 1993-08-26 23:05:52
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Commercial PGP; trapdoor rumors 
It would be very easy to put a trapdoor into a version of PGP, and the
only way to detect it would be to reverse-engineer the object code. For
example: take the date, recipient's key id, and a 16 bit random number,
MD5 it, and that's your session key. They all look random, but to crack
it you only have to try 65536 combinations (trivial - IDEA is fast).
You could also set a trapdoor value which would always be accepted as
a valid signature.
However, it would be very unlikely that a company which deals in
cryptography would actually do this. There are quite a few hackers
around who can reverse-engineer code. If one of them found the
tampering, ViaCrypt would be commercially ruined (magazine headlines,
nobody buys crypto from them again) and likely open to lawsuits from anyone who ever used their product. If they really want to reassure
us: let Phil Zimmerman and a couple of others examine *all* of the
source code, let Zimmerman run the compiler himself, then Zimmerman
and the others sign the object code and a statement that they certify
the program has no trapdoors. Include this as a detached signature
certificate with the program, much like PGPSIG.ASC. Also, offer a sizable reward ($1000 or better) for anyone who breaks either commercial or freeware PGP and tells how it's done.
PGP uses randseed.bin and the time to generate random session keys.
If you used the same randseed and wrote a tsr which freezes the
clock (i.e. always gives the same value) wouldn't you get the same
session key? You'd have to recopy randseed from a backup after each
run, because it's re-scrambled. If you get free PGP to give the
same key twice, commercial PGP should give the same key under
the same conditions.
There should be no way to tell, by looking at keys or ciphertext,
whether they were created by commercial or free PGP. This would
head off any persecution of free PGP users, provided of course
that anyone who makes a cent from PGP had better *own* the commercial
version. He could, of course, *use* the free version!
Will PKP agree to condone the use of the free version for personal
non-profit communication? They will if they know what's good for their
bottom line. PGP could become a standard, and they stand to make
a lot of money off its success. I hope that future U.S. PGP's are not hobbled with slow PKP-approved
RSA code. If they are, I and many people will ftp the foreign versions
from sites outside the U.S.
Where did these rumors come from?
1: PKP
2: NSA
3: David Sternlight
I remember a thread on alt.security.pgp about version 2.3 having a
trapdoor in it. And I think they said the same about 2.2 before that.
Whoever "Raymond Paquin" is, he's no spook. Spooks just don't do
things like that - tell a little bit, then clam up. They are trained by instinct never to leak. Most rumors wilt under bright lights; where were these originally posted? Ask this person to
post anonymously: where is the trapdoor?
If there is any flaw in PGP, there are only a few places where it
could be. The basic mechanics of the program (RSA, IDEA, etc) obviously
work. The file format can easily be checked to make sure it is correct.
A subtle flaw would have to be somewhere like: prime number generation,
random RSA key generation, or random session key generation. If the primes
weren't actually prime, that would make the RSA keys breakable. But
you could take the primes (pgp -kg -l and you will see them in hex)
and feed them into a primality tester to verify that.
The most likely place for a bug would be in the randomness. I suppose
it is possible that a one-line bug somewhere could leave out most of the randomness, making the keys still look random but actually be
predictable. Random number generation is hard to verify. How has
that in PGP been checked? The PGP source is so big and spread out,
it's hard to check. I don't think there is a bug, but it would
be nice if PGP were carefully examined and attacked. Where are these
rumors coming from? They are bad for the cause.                                      < mikeingle at delphi.com >
                                     PGP key on servers.
                                     Clipper - Big Brother Inside!

@_date: 1993-12-01 22:08:20
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Secure Drive Use/Distribution ?'s 
To those who have requested Secure Drive: How's it working?
How widely is it being distributed? How many people outside
the Cypherpunks, if any, are using it? Please let me know how
the program is doing. Any serious bugs?
(Note: I do not have a list of people who've received it.)
To those who haven't: Big Brother is watching you!
Any ideas on better ways to distribute it? I'm thinking about posting
the ad to some newsgroups, since there haven't been any reports of
major bugs as of yet. --- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-12-02 23:48:45
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: NSA CAN BREAK PGP 
While this article is clearly a poorly written hoax, the compiler part does
have a historical basis. One of the first versions of Unix had a trapdoor
in login to allow the developers to get in. The compiler was designed to
put the trapdoor back in if login was recompiled. The compiler was also
designed to put the trapdoor back in itself if the compiler itself was
recompiled. This made the trapdoor almost impossible to get rid of.
This is probably where the nut who wrote the story got this idea.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com
Democracy is three wolves and a sheep voting on lunch.

@_date: 1993-12-03 21:39:15
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Blind signature/Chaum cash info 
Where's a good ftp site for papers on blind signature methods
(RSA-compatible) and Chaum-type digicash? Is there an online
digicash with strong anonymity? Where to ftp info on it?
Are the patentholders of LUC and other public-key systems any more
reasonable about noncommercial use than RSA? Interesting to note
that RSA let the writers of HPACK modify RSAREF to use MDC
encryption, even though HPACK uses PGP keys as well as RIPEM.
Seems Bidzos is just vindictive, not to mention scared to death,
by PGP. After all, his lousy company exists because of one patent
which is on shaky legal ground, other algorithm patents having
been shot down. So far, they've managed to keep their licensing
fees below the cost to sue them and avoid a lawsuit by blustering.
PGP was a challenge they didn't know how to respond to, especially since suing a privacy activist for a nonprofit political statement is not
exactly a good test case for a patent. What damages could they claim?
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-12-03 21:39:18
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Will I be on a wanted poster? 
*** No, it does not use RSA! Don't spread this rumor,       ^^^
*** I don't need Bidzos on my ass. It uses MD5, which is
*** allowed for non-commercial use.
No more Steve Jackson Games cases. I hope this happens.
Computer theft and unreasonable seizure is a real problem.
Nope, at least I didn't put it there. Export problems.
Not like Buttafuoco, I hope.
Remember, he's in the cooler or soon will be.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com
There's no government like *no* government.

@_date: 1993-12-04 00:39:17
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: FORGED POSTING 
The following message gave an error when I checked its signature!
The clearsig in 2.2 doesn't work right. This has been fixed in 2.3a,
so your sig should be ok.

@_date: 1993-12-04 20:19:35
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Anonymous Digicash 
I want to write a simple digicash program. This will use code from PGP
as much as possible. It will probably be online digicash, but it needs
strong anonymity. For that you need a blind signature protocol. What is
the best one, and where can I get a description of it?
What is the best/simplest digicash system to implement?
Is it possible to have a partially blind signature? For example, the
customer generates the cash (random string), blinds it, and sends it
to the bank. The bank adds an expiration date and signs it. The customer
unblinds the random string, leaving a signature on both the cash and
the expiration date.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-12-09 22:59:19
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Electronic Cash Card 
If A can transfer to B offline, and B can transfer to C without
calling into the bank first, this has to be either security-
through-obscurity or non-anonymous at some level. You could stack
digital signatures to represent a transfer chain. But you can't pass
anonymous digicash from one person to the other without the possibility
of double spending. Unless of course the recipient is required to dial
in before using the received cash, in which case it isn't offline. If this system is truly offline (i.e. not cryptographicall secured),
somebody is going to figure out how to rip it off.
 ~~~~~~~~~~
At least you don't have to worry about a brute-force search ;-)

@_date: 1993-12-20 22:24:53
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Remailer Keys, etc. 
Nice, isn't it. And the S/N ratio has been much higher.
Depends on how fast the system running the remailer is. Key length
has little effect on encryption time, but a major effect on decryption
time. So if the machine is fast, use a 1024 bit key. If the machine
is slow or heavily loaded, and there is nothing going through it
that might interest a spook, use a 512 bit key.

@_date: 1993-12-21 20:45:16
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Secure Drive distribution argument 
There has been some question as to whether I really want to prevent
Secure Drive export, or whether I just want to maintain "plausible
deniability" and dodge the ITAR. As for what I requested involving
the export of the program:
The program is Copylefted under the GNU General Public License, and source
code in C and assembly language is included. This program is free and
always will be. This program may be freely distributed within the U.S.
and Canada; do not export it.
Cypherpunks Write Code!
To receive your copy: send e-mail to Specify uuencode or pgp ascii armor formats. I will make a list
and broadcast the code. U.S./Canada addresses only, please.
Clear enough? And from the documentation in the ZIP file, under "Hazards to Avoid":
Exporting this program. This program is for use in the US and Canada only.
Cryptography is export controlled, and sending this program outside the
country may be illegal. Don't do it.
Several foreigners have tried to talk me into smuggling the program
out of the country, usually by sending me either a PGP message or
a PGP key and a subject line like "you know what". They have all
received nastygrams, in clear for the benefit of any eavesdroppers.
I am serious about preventing export of the program, and I'd like
to see it on sites which verify a U.S. or Canadian address before
sending the program. While we may disagree with the ITAR, I have no
desire to be the test case!
Just today I got a one-line request from someone at DOCKMASTER.NCSC.MIL for information about the program. What does anyone make of this?
Being on the list when this was written makes that kind of hard.
I don't want the program exported, or distributed in such a way
as to lead to its export.
I do not approve letting it "leak out of the country".
Yes, but PGP is already worldwide. If Secure Drive did appear on a
foreign site, I would send that site administrator a message asking
him to take it off.
If you do this, please make it a U.S./Canada only site.
I'd like to see more about this, in private mail if you don't want
to post it to the list.
But the bad guys might try to make it mine. That I don't want.
Matt Blaze commented on Dec 16:
     Thank you. Fortunately Eric didn't do it.
The non-distribution of the beta was because I had no way to check it,
and it could easily have eaten hard drives. I did say in the ad that
you were not to export, although I didn't make anyone send a statement.
Maybe I should have.
"If you don't want to see it on the front page, don't put it in writing..."
I spelled out clearly that I wanted the program to be distributed widely
within the U.S. and Canada. By the net, I meant users in those countries.
I did not say I wanted it to leak out of the country, nor did I imply that.
Be careful what you sign. The ease of forging on the internet would make
a great defense in court. A signature could hang you.
This would be funny if it weren't so plausible. Try not to give them too many ideas. I'm also thinking about whether America will be a good place to live much longer.

@_date: 1993-12-22 22:29:35
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: It had to happen... 
Today I got an interesting message. It seems that someone was doing some
hardcore hacking of machines at a university campus. The person used one
of these accounts to send me a message requesting a copy of Secure Drive.
This message and my response were wiretapped by the people investigating
the hacking. They traced the hacker and arrested him. His computer was
encrypted with Secure Drive. The IS manager involved sent me a message
asking me how to break Secure Drive, because they can't prosecute the
person without the data, and the suspect has of course forgotten the
encryption passphrase. So far I don't have many details other than these.
I hope to find out more. I'd like to talk to the investigator and to
the suspect. I sent the IS manager a copy of Secure Drive and told him
how it works, but that's about all I can do.
--- Mike

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:16:13
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Encryption & self-incrimination 
Isn't there a limit as to how long they can lock you up for contempt of
court? Most crimes do have a maximum sentence.

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:16:23
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: More on Secure Drive/hacking case 
I learned a few more details about this case. First of all, it's in Canada,
so U.S. precedent will not be set. The suspect had been hacking, using
several accounts. He requested Secure Drive using one of them, and the
people investigating the hacking had the system programmed to record all
keystrokes through this account. They intercepted a copy of Secure Drive
as he was downloading it, but at that time they hadn't found him yet.
Imagine their frustration, watching the as-yet-unknown hacker acquire a
program which will make him very difficult to prosecute.
The hacker also had PGP and some files, and they are looking through the
files to see if they can find the key. They said the suspect seemed
"particularly glib" about the Secure Drive protection.
They are going to attempt to break Secure Drive. He asked me to write
a program which will take a list of passphrases and test them quickly
to run a passphrase attack. I had a few qualms about writing a program
to crack someone's data, but I don't think it really matters. Unless
the hacker chose a very lame key, they don't have a prayer in hell.

@_date: 1993-12-24 07:11:36
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Merry Christmas CyberAnarchists 
Interesting reading, but can you imagine how long it took him to type
it in? Five or six hours, easily. He didn't scan it, either. The typos
were the kind a human would make, not scanner errors.
There is something strange about LD's latest postings.
It appears whoever it is, is telnetting in from another machine
and feeding them into longs.lance.colostate.edu's smtp port. They are not doing a HELO before the message. Either he is being
spoofed, or his account is cancelled and he's posting from another
machine, or ?? any ideas?
Received: by toad.com id AA20727; Thu, 23 Dec 93 22:42:34 PST
Received: from longs.lance.colostate.edu ([129.82.109.16]) by toad.com id
 AA20723; Thu, 23 Dec 93 22:42:19 PST
Received: from dolores.lance.colostate.edu (dolores.lance.colostate.edu
 [129.82.112.18]) by longs.lance.colostate.edu (8.6.4/8.6.4) with SMTP id
 XAA00629; Thu, 23 Dec 1993 23:42:17 -0700
Message-id: <199312240642.XAA00629 at longs.lance.colostate.edu>

@_date: 1993-12-25 04:46:43
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Reveal your key or else. 
Since the Canadian case, there's been a lot of talk about the problem
of being coerced to reveal your key. If the coercers play by no rules
whatsoever, there isn't much you can do. If they suspect you of having
encrypted data, they will beat it out of you. If they do play by some
sort of rules, a technical solution might save you.
Steganography can hide your data, but then you have the steg program
itself. If they find the program, they have reasonable grounds for
assuming you have hidden data, particularly if you have large
quantities of the sort of data which can conceal files, such as
sounds and graphics. So what you need is the ability to hide both
the "real" secret data and some decoy data at the same time.
This could be done using something like MD5 as a random number
generator. Suppose in the near future you have some type of
storage device which can hold a few gigabytes. You record some
audio off the radio, deliberately choosing a noisy station, and
store it on your drive. Now there is no digital master to compare
it against, and the least significant few bits are pure noise.
Now just take a passphrase, append a 32-bit counter, and start
counting and taking MD5's. For each one, you get 16 bytes of
pseudorandom data, which is reproducible only if you have the
passphrase. Use each four bytes as a pointer into your sound file,
storing one bit of the hidden data in the lsb of that location.
This would be such a good transposition cipher that you might not
even have to encrypt the hidden data first. You can use two pass-
phrases to hide two different files in the same sound file. There
is always the possibility of a collision - both passphrases write
to the same bit - so you will need an error correction code. Now
when they demand your passphrase, you give it to them. And they
find something - bogus personal letters, financial records, some
mildly indecent .GIF's, pirate software, anything that is worth  hiding, but not prosecutable. Of course, there is another passphrase
which unlocks the real data, but you don't tell them about that
one, and they have no way to prove it exists.
Unlike Secure Drive, this could not work in real time. You would
need enough memory to dump the steg data into a RAM disk, work with
it, and then re-write it into the hidden file. But it could be done,
and if the courts rule that you have to hand over your keys or rot
in jail until you do, it may be our only recourse.
--- Mike
There are no good governments. There are bad governments, and worse
governments, and really horrible governments, but no good ones.

@_date: 1993-12-27 06:37:16
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: IRC and the Feeling of Power 
Hawkwind describes the "justice system" of IRC in his forward.
It seems to me that the kick/ban process on IRC is a good example of how
not to moderate a forum. Many people on IRC seem to be there for no other
purpose than to enjoy the testosterone high of being op. They go to a lot
of trouble to write bots which keep their channels open and op them when
they join. They take great pleasure in kicking people. There is often a
little clique which runs a channel, and whenever one of those people
joins, someone else ops him. Have you ever been on a channel where
nobody was saying anything, but people were constantly opping, de-opping,
kicking, banning, unbanning, coming back in and flooding the channel
before being kicked again, etc...? I don't use IRC that much, but from
what I've seen, that system doesn't work very well. An extropians-style
kill command would probably be better for IRC or the list. If someone is
causing trouble, you could just set to ignore them.

@_date: 1993-12-27 14:27:25
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: IRC and the Feeling of Power 
These problems will exist in any distributed system, so solutions need
to be worked out.
Why have an administration at all? Why not just give everyone an
and an /include command which restores output from that person.
If someone is ranting or flooding, everyone will /exclude him and he will be left with only himself for an audience.
--- Mike

@_date: 1993-12-30 23:30:43
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Anonymous Video on Demand 
Are you thinking of physical videotape or electronic distribution?
For electronic distribution, suppose you have a fiber-optic cable with
n channels, where n is a large number. You send in your request and pay
with digicash or a prepaid system like a prepaid phone card. You send
them an encryption key, and they broadcast the movie over one of the
channels. Or they generate the encryption key and send it to you using
a key you gave them. Problem: you can share the encryption key with
a few thousand of your closest friends, thus cheating the video dealer.
They could require you to make a digicash deposit, and offer a reward
for anyone who reports a pirated encryption key. If you give out the key,
someone reports it and gets half your deposit, and they keep the rest.
But a group of people who all trust each other could still rip off
the video dealer. You could have a decoder with a key unknown to you,
but that system would be only as strong as the physical security
of the decoder. Is there any way to use offline-digicash-like techniques to set up
a system so that if you reveal the encryption key, you also reveal
your identity? This would be a real deterrent.
For a videotape system, there is no strong way I can think of to prevent
revealing your identity. You have to pick up the tape, and they have to
know what to record on it or which tape to put out. A camera at the site
could always catch you in the act of retrieving the tape.
It is possible to protect the dealer in an anonymous transaction,
but not the customer. The dealer, if he was selling pirate tapes,
could go out and hide them in various places. In exchange for your
digicash, he tells you where one is.
--- Mike

@_date: 1993-11-01 22:39:52
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Hole in MD5 
Recently there was a message here about MD5 having a hole in it.
Maybe this is what the person was talking about...
10:36:50 1993
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Path: msuinfo!uwm.edu!cs.utexas.edu!uunet!ddsw1!chinet!schneier
Organization: Chinet - Public Access UNIX
Lines: 25
This is from Bart Preneel's Ph.D. thesis, "Analysis and Design of
Cryptographic Hash Functions," Jan 1993, p. 191.  It is about the
cryptanalysis of MD5:
    B. den Boer noted that an approximate relation exists between
    any four consecutive additive constants.  Moreover, together
    with A. Bosselaers he developed an attack that produces
    pseudo-collisions, more specifically they can construct two
    chaining variables (that only differ in the most significant
    bit of every word) and a single message block that yield the
    same hashcode.  The attack takes a few minutes on a PC.  This
    means that one of the design principles behind MD4 (and MD5),
    namely to design a collision resistant function is not satisfied.
I have not seen the actual paper yet, which will be presented at
Eurocrypt.  Both PEM and PGP rely on MD5 for a secure one-way hash
function.  This is troublesome, to say the least.
* Bruce Schneier
* Counterpane Systems         For a good prime, call 391581 * 2^216193 - 1
* schneier at chinet.chi.il.us
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Distribution: sci
Organization: RSA Data Security, Inc.
Lines: 89
NNTP-Posting-Host: chirality.rsa.com
Following is a short note commenting on den Boer and Bosselaers'
recent work on the MD5 message-digest algorithm. Feel free to email
questions or further comments.

@_date: 1993-11-06 22:58:05
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Real-world digicash 
I've been reading digicash papers lately, and it appears there are three
approaches to preventing double-spending:
1) Catch the cheater after the fact, by matching up two copies of the
   same coin in such a way as to reveal his identity. This requires a
   challenge-response sequence between the user and the shop.
2) Combine (1) with an observer, a piece of secure hardware which
   signs transfers and prevents double spending.
3) Use an online server which checks off coins as they are spent.
After-the-fact detection probably won't fly, because organized multiple
spending could kill it. There are people who are dumb enough to write
their PIN numbers on their ATM cards. Such people will also be careless
with their digicash and any secret keys used to protect it. A thief could
compromise a few coins belonging to such careless people, distribute
them to a network of many thieves, and spend them hundreds of times before
being detected. This would make the shops either abandon digicash or
refuse to deliver merchandise until the coins cleared the bank, making it
effectively an online system. Using this type of digicash over the net
would be particularly troublesome. A person receiving a double-spent coin
would be in the same situation as a person receiving a bad check from
another state. Legally, he has all kinds of rights. Practically, he is
flat out of luck. It will cost him more to take action than the amount
of the coin or check.
Observer-based protocols can protect privacy. All data going to and from
the observer is blinded by the user's software so the observer cannot
learn anything about the user. The design of the observer can be public;
the only secret in the observer is a key. Observer-based protocols also
include the after-the-fact detection, so anyone who cracked his observer
(i.e. extracted the secret key) would still be caught later. To cheat,
you would have to steal someone else's observer, extract the key, and use
it. If the time required to crack an observer was longer than what it
would take a person to notice and report his stolen observer, fraud would
be uncommon. Because the observer is hard to crack, it would be much like
counterfeiting paper money: possible, but requiring a large organization
to be profitable. Such an organization would be susceptible to traditional
methods of law enforcement.
Since observers require hardware, this method cannot easily be used on a
guerrilla basis. The banking industry could do it, but since people are
willing to use credit cards, which are online, insecure, and a
dossier-builder's dream, there is no particular motive for the banks
to create such a system. Most people, if surveyed, will say that they
are concerned about their privacy. But when made to choose between
privacy and convenience, they choose convenience.
That leaves online digicash as the most practical system for use on the
net right now. Online digicash will probably be the only system
trustworthy enough for large transactions in any case. Are there any
published online systems which include strong privacy and which allow
multiple banks/servers? NetCash does not provide strong anonymity;
the user has to trust the coin issuer not to record who gets which coins.
An investigator could go to the coin issuer and demand that the issuer
track a particular user's coins.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-11-07 14:08:15
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Mostly offline digicash 
True, but if someone swipes your ATM card and PIN, they can only get
what's in your account, and only $300 or $500 a day. If someone swipes
your digi-coins, they can spend them hundreds of times, obtaining
merchandise worth much more than the coins, before being detected.
That's the hazard I'm worried about. A few such heists could make
people back away from digicash.
The problem with credit cards (and cellular phones) is the "replay
attack." Some kind of authentication is needed. As I understand it,
ATM's use DES with the PIN being used as part of the DES key, correct?
I like this approach. It does require the "online infrastructure" to
be present at every shop, but it would generate less bandwidth than
fully online systems. Offline processing could be done at night when
the system is otherwise idle. The Russian-roulette aspect of trying to
cheat would certainly discourage it. Definitely. The goal of digicash, at least in my opinion, is to
destroy centralized power. An online system should have multiple
servers, and an observer-based system should have multiple suppliers
of observers. The only secret in the observer should be the key.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-11-14 20:00:16
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: True Name Keyservers 
That might be somewhat effective if there was a way to expose the
person's True Name if they were caught using a nym. If the only thing
to be exposed was the falsity of the nym, the person could just create
a new nym, with no penalty for lying except a bit of inconvenience.
Another approach would be to have some people who certify keys as
being True Name keys, using special signer keys which are labeled
"True Name certifier key" or something similar. These certifiers
would be risking their own credibility if they were tricked, so
they would have a motive to be careful. If this was a for-profit
undertaking (i.e. "send me ten bucks and a copy of your birth
certificate, driver's license, and a third form of ID") then it could
be fairly effective. Any of you capitalists out there...? Somewhere I read about "is-a-person" certificates, which, if I remember
correctly, allow you to prove your identity is unique without giving out
your True Name. How do these work? Is this a blind signature of your key?
Whatever is done involving True Names, nyms should have a right to
exist as well.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-11-14 21:30:52
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: True Name keys 
"ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu"  "L. Detweiler" complains:
Not true at all. I proposed a more secure method, signing of keys by
trusted certifiers, and JMDiehl said he'd look into implementing it.
Warlord said that he didn't like the idea of having a separate
network of keyservers for True Names, but that keys could be certified
as True Name keys. Nobody said that they opposed the idea of True Name
keys. Such certifications, especially if from multiple parties, would
be much more secure than a network of keyservers. Remember that these
exchange keys, and if you could hack one, you could put a phony key
into the loop.
JMDiehl: your service would be more widely trusted, and potentially
profitable, if you bought a copy of ViaCrypt PGP for legality and
charged a small fee for your services. If there is money and your
reputation at stake, people will assume you are going to be more
careful in checking keys, and they will trust your service more.
You don't want any kind of automation; you want to verify each one
before signing it.
Warlord: Is there any way to clean out old keys from the keyservers?
How about keeping track of when a key was uploaded, and killing them
after a year or so. If a person wants to keep a key active, he can
mail it to the keyserver again before the year runs out. The keyservers
are full of old, dead, and revoked keys, and the number will continue
to grow as more people use PGP. Present keys could be killed a year
from now, or whenever.
Detweiler: why don't you do it? You could advance your crusade and
make some money in the process. Start a service to certify keys.
If a key were certified by several services, you could be pretty
sure of its authenticity.
Everyone: is it possible to translate RIPEM keys into PGP keys?
Can the signature be kept intact? Is it possible to use Mac signer
keys for encryption as well as signing? Doesn't it seem just a bit
political that the Mac system has RSA for signatures and a symmetric
cryptosystem, but no public-key encryption? Maybe something could
be done about this, but I don't have a Mac to try it.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-11-14 23:40:19
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: LD Admits he is S.Boxx (oops!) 
LD really blew it this time. One has to be very careful when one
maintains multiple identities - it is easy to mix them up and
reveal one's deception. As we will see:
In the following message, LD quotes S.Boxx:
CC:     IN%"ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu"
Subj:   some pseudopool FUN
However, that quote was not from S.Boxx. It was from (who else?)
LD himself, in this message:
CC:     IN%"ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu"  "L. Detweiler",
        IN%"cypherpunks at toad.com"
Subj:   RE: Key Servers
 nobody is interested in preventing pseudospoofing here. the
people who have most maneuvered themselves into a position to aid
future cyberspace are instead constraining it. that's the point, isn't
it? gosh, how could I have been so blind...
Now, LD wrote that quote himself. How could he forget that? How could
he mistakenly attribute it to S.Boxx, unless he is S.Boxx? In this
message, LD makes a very valid point:
CC:     IN%"ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu"
Subj:   Soothing Sayings
Mr. Barnes, you tried to convince me of the Joy of Pseudospoofing, for
which I suggested you were trying to convert me to the  Dark Side
(actually, I am indebtedly grateful for that beautiful inspiration for
my essay). You told me that E.Hughes' lectures on the subject of
pseudospoofing were what drew you to it in the first place! But this is
buried very deep in my comprehensive archives, from many weeks ago. (I
encourage all other cypherpunks to keep very good archives, because
some day we will be able to separate all the pseudospoofed identities
from real ones, and it will be quite shocking, I assure you. Some
prominent cypherpunks are extremely terrified and staunchly opposed to
archives, for obvious reasons.)
Yes, LD, good archives certainly do help in catching pseudospoofers.
Like you. You have been using S.Boxx to post some of your rants and
create a false consensus - exactly what you have argued against so
loudly. How hypocritical can you get?
Why don't we post this on comp.risks and discredit him and his rants
once and for all? Enough of this crap!
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-11-16 02:04:06
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: ENCRYPTED FILE SYSTEM 
No, don't use Diskreet. Use my Secure Drive. Beta now if you want it,
and release with source soon. Uses IDEACFB, protects a hd partition and
floppies, takes only 2K ram, and is very fast. Reasonably user-friendly.
You have to create a D: partition to use on a hard drive.
What's the CPU in a Courier? Is the hardware well enough documented
to hack something like this up? I once burned a rom for a friend's
courier, from a file which he had, to give it V.32 instead of just
HST which it previously had. Not sure where the file came from.
An SRAM also had to be installed.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-11-16 02:05:30
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Secure phones - STU3 
Never Say Anything...
They should put a mercury switch in it, so if you steal it and move
it around much, it wipes the keys. Also a "duress number" which works
okay, but displays a warning on the other party's phone display, in
case you're forced to call someone with a gun to your head.
What all buttons does the phone have? Normal dialing, secure voice,
self-destruct, anything else?
What baud rates does it use? How is the sound quality in secure mode?
It must use either a DSP (good sound, high baud) or a vocoder
(robot voice, low baud).
It could be public-key or DH exchange. Does the manual tell you to
read a hash value to the other party and verify it? If so, it's DH
and that's the protection against the man-in-the-middle. If not, it's
either public-key or DH-like but with authentication. In any case, the
key probably contains a small EPROM which selects and decrypts one of
the keys in the memory.
If classified secret and top secret info is involved, DES would not
be used. The NSA wants us to use DES, but they know better than to
use it for classified info. Probably something similar to Skipjack,
in a similar tamper-proof chip. NSA issues the keys...I feel safer already!
Can you say, "key escrow"?
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-11-19 20:52:01
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: RSA Patent valid? 
We were having a discussion in my Computers and Society class about
intellectual property, and the professor pointed out that the courts
have consistently upheld patents of devices and processes which
involve computers, but have shot down patents on algorithms. With
that in mind, would the RSA patent stand up in court?
Maybe that's why RSA has never sued anyone. They know the patent might
not hold up, and it's easier to just keep their licensing fees lower
than the cost of a lawsuit. If this is the case, it's good news for
cypherpunks, because it means they will never take any action against us.

@_date: 1993-11-19 23:17:42
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Secure Drive 1.0 is here! 
INTRODUCING
                    S E C U R E   D R I V E   1 . 0
                    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                             AVAILABLE NOW
Do you have confidential or sensitive information on your DOS/Windows
PC or laptop? Imagine what could happen if that data were to fall into
the wrong hands through theft or unauthorized access.
Protect your privacy with SecureDrive. SecureDrive allows you to create an encrypted hard drive partition and encrypted floppy disks. All of
your sensitive data is automatically encrypted with the state-of-the-art
IDEA cipher. You simply log in with your passphrase, and the program is
completely transparent to your applications.
The TSR uses only 2K RAM, and encrypts at the sector level. An intruder
gets nothing - not even your directory listing. You can decrypt your
disks at any time. The program automatically switches on and off as
you access encrypted and unencrypted floppies. Invalid passwords will
cause a Drive Not Ready error, locking out writes and protecting your
data from damage.
The program is Copylefted under the GNU General Public License, and source
code in C and assembly language is included. This program is free and
always will be. This program may be freely distributed within the U.S.
and Canada; do not export it.
Cypherpunks Write Code!
Thanks to everyone who helped me beta test this program.
Note: This version is compatible with the beta version.
To receive your copy: send e-mail to Specify uuencode or pgp ascii armor formats. I will make a list
and broadcast the code.

@_date: 1993-11-22 22:58:06
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Secure Drive Copyleft / Export Problem 
Since kpj at sics.se saw fit to cc his request to the list and start this
controversy, I'll forward my response to the list as well. If I get
harassed by the FSF, I'll have to stop distributing and count on the
connectivity of the net to keep it alive. Aarrggh, this does not
encourage a person to write more code...
I would like to send you a copy. It is illegal for me to do so.
The copyleft is not on my code; it's on the IDEA algorithm I used.
The U.S. government has prosecuted people for sending crypto out
of the country. PGP is copylefted, yet Phil Zimmerman refuses to
export or distribute the program himself for similar reasons,
even though he holds the copyright. I'm trying to do something
in the spirit of PGP here; please don't put me in a bind. I'm
worried enough about getting into trouble; I assume you've read
about the Phil Zimmermann subpeonas. I don't like export controls
any more than you do, but there's nothing I can do about them.
---- MikeIngle at delphi.com
All the source code for PGP is available for free under the "Copyleft" General Public License from the Free Software Foundation (FSF).  A
copy of the FSF General Public License is included in the source
release package of PGP.
Export Controls
The Government has made it illegal in many cases to export good
cryptographic technology, and that may include PGP.  This is
determined by volatile State Department policies, not fixed laws. Many foreign governments impose serious penalties on anyone inside
their country using encrypted communications.  In some countries they
might even shoot you for that.  I will not export this software in
cases when it is illegal to do so under US State Department policies,
and I assume no responsibility for other people exporting it without
my permission.

@_date: 1993-11-27 01:19:33
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: The latest lunatic rant 
As you can see, this one was pretty widely distributed. While I agree
that it would be nice if he stopped bugging us, at least everyone here
knows he's nuts. The same cannot be said for all of these newsgroups.
Several people (especially szabo) should post replies and explain that
he has been flooding our list with similar ravings and death threats
for months. Those who have received death threats from the an12070
address could also send mail to Julf about him. Death threats would
certainly be considered "improper use."

@_date: 1993-11-28 20:06:11
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Public-key secret sharing 
Has anyone combined polynomial secret sharing with public-key
cryptography to create a public-key secret sharing system?
For example, encrypt a file with a session key, SK. Use secret
sharing to split SK into n parts, with m required for decryption.
Encrypt each of the n parts with a different person's public key.
Publish the encrypted file and public-key encrypted pieces of the
key. To decrypt, m of the trustees use their secret keys to recover
their shares of SK, combine them, and retrieve SK to decrypt the
file. This has the advantage of requiring only one copy of the
file, and requiring no pre-arrangement with the trustees. Is there
a better way to do this (especially so the size of the file does not
grow linearly with the number of trustees)?
When is PGP 3.0 with the toolkit coming out? This should make it
easy to implement these things, along with digicash and other
projects. The MPI library and conventional crypto is fairly
accessible, but the code which creates PGP-format packets is not
easy to call from another program.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-10-02 21:04:28
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: ITAR: Business? 
Registration and exemptions:
 122.1 -- Registration requirements.    (a) Any person who engages in the United States in the business of either
   manufacturing or exporting defense articles or furnishing defense
   services is required to register with the Office of Defense Trade
   Controls. Manufacturers who do not engage in exporting must nevertheless
   register.    (4) Persons who engage only in the fabrication of articles for
   experimental or scientific purpose, including research and development.
What definition of business do they use? Usually business refers to
something involving money changing hands. This might be another
way around ITAR, at least for domestic registration. Providing free
copies of crypto software would not seem to be "engaging in a business".
P.S. Heard on the news about how Syria is flooding us with near-perfect
counterfeit $100's? Complete with magnetic ink and security strip. Treasury
is scared green, and the CIA is helping to stop it. We need digicash now!

@_date: 1993-10-02 21:38:51
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Offline Digicash ? 
According to the Chaum-protocol description on chaos.bsu.edu, this is an
online system - both parties must talk to the bank before a transaction is
concluded. Are there any true offline systems? i.e. I can send you an email
which is worth money, with no third parties involved, and there is no audit
trail or means of tracing.
The main problem is that there is no digital "coin" or object which can
be passed around but not duplicated. Other than the bank method, I've read
about an "observer" chip which keeps you honest, but the design of the chip
would have to be secret, or at least the chip would have to know a secret
(i.e. a key) which it would never tell you. If you could extract the key,
you could write a "cheater". Shades of Clipper.
Is there a system which allows anonymity and at the same time prevents
people from double-spending their cash? How does it work?
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-10-03 12:54:33
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Excessive Crap & Flamage 
This list is becoming completely unreadable! First the POISON PILL and now
PGP IN FIDO just seem to go on and on. And how many before that?
(Troglodyte mind-rapists, etc) I've got about a meg of utter crap in my
email file, most of it unread or skimmed. If people want to fight, why not
do it in private mail, back up your positions, and then post your
conclusions if you manage to come up with any. Please don't CC all your
flames to the list. And please don't echo a three-page post to add one
line of comments to it.
What happened to all the idealism? Total privacy, cryptophones, digital
cash, zero-knowledge cooperation, bringing down governments and setting the
world free? That's what the list is for, not mindless flaming.
Aargggh! MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-10-05 23:45:09
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Crypto Toolkit Suggestions 
I'm writing a toolkit to allow crypto programs to be written using
pipes and shell/perl scripts. There will be several small programs, most
of which will act as filters, to give direct access to rsa, idea, md5,
keyrings, etc. This should allow quick and easy coding of digicash,
zero-knowledge servers, and other interesting things.
So far I've got the MD5 and IDEA functions. MD5 is just a filter - it takes
whatever you feed it and outputs the MD5 hash in hex. IDEA takes e or d for
encrypt or decrypt, a key, and (if encrypting) an initialization block. Then
it acts as a filter. The output is ten bytes longer than the input - init
block and two key check bytes - just like the idea_file function in PGP's
crypto.c file. MD5 links with md5.c and md5.h, and IDEA links with idea.c
and idea.h from pgp23a.
For example, you could do:
init=(16 random hex digits - another MD5 is okay, it will ignore excess)
export key init
idea e key init < infile > outfile
idea d key < outfile > decrypted
Questions: what is the best way to pass a key?
The command line is definitely out, because ps shows it. Right now, IDEA
takes the name of an exported environment variable containing the hex key.
Can you securely wipe an environment variable? Is there a better way?
(A temporary file could be dangerous; a key could be left lying around.)
What else should I write? Ideas: direct access to rsa with hex numbers,
direct access to modmult, etc, for dh and stuff, a filter for armor/dearmor
and zip/unzip. A program to pull key material out of a keyring in hex, so
you could use PGP keys with the rsa routines. What would really be nice is a
filter that could generate pgp-compatible packets, so you could make up any
"pgp object" using a pipe. You could also use the hex output directly.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com
The enemy is not just the federal government.
The enemy is centralized power, wherever it may exist.

@_date: 1993-10-10 15:21:07
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Bank of the Internet 
The reason such "counterculture" plans didn't work is because they
are hard to do. They are a pain. People may talk about them, but they
aren't that anxious to actually "live underground." They are also
hard to coordinate. It is easier to just get a job and live a normal
life. Even with PGP, more people talk about it than use it on a
regular basis. I've even been flamed for sending people PGP messages,
even when those people promote their PGP keys in their .sigs!
All we have to do is make it technically easy. We are tool makers.
Make the tools and it will happen. As for opposition from governments
and the banking establishment, governments are right now being
held hostage by capital. If they don't do what capital wants, capital
gets up and leaves. East Germany used the Berlin Wall to contain its
capital. When the wall came down, the capital left.
The forces against us may seem overwhelming, but we have one huge
advantage. They are limited to a specific region, or at least to one
country. International collaboration is difficult and slow for those
who enforce the status quo. Data crosses borders with impunity, and
short of cutting all the wires and turning a country into Albania,
there isn't much the governments can do about it.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-10-13 22:36:53
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: New aproach in pgp-randomizer!!! 
This is not a bug. PGP times your keystrokes when you type your
key id and passphrase, using the timing information for randomness.
If it gets enough randomness from these keystrokes (i.e. if you type
a long id and passphrase), it does not need you to type randomly
because it already has enough random material to generate the key.
You can re-create this by choosing a short (384-bit) key, typing a
long id and passphrase, and typing slowly so that PGP gets a good
random byte from each keystroke. This does not make the key predictable
or cause a loss of security.

@_date: 1993-10-14 23:32:05
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: ARTICLE: IRS learning how to spook 
InformationWeek, October 4, 1993, p. 38
Interview: Investigator Donald Vogel
Plans to Milk the IRS Go Sour
Computer-aided tax fraud is rising - and so is enforcement
    When executives at Stew Leonard's Dairy, a food retailer in Norwalk,
Conn., pleaded guilty in July to skimming $17 million in sales to avoid
paying $6.7 million in taxes, the case had a singular twist: It was the
largest instance of tax evasion to rely on a computer program. Inside a
hollowed-out book, Internal Revenue Service agents found the fraud
software - dubbed "Equity" - which a programmer had developed, maintained,
and enhanced at the direction of Leonard's managers.
    To find out just how prevalent high-tech tax fraud is becoming - and the
level of IS involvement and culpability - InformationWeek senior writer
Bruce Caldwell talked with Donald Vogel, assistant commissioner for criminal
investigation at the IRS.
What's different about IS-assisted tax fraud?
    These schemes are no differnet from those that use paper. But with
automation, entries can be adjusted quickly, while on paper it can take
hours or days. There's also a degree of comfort in knowing that records on
diskette can't be as easily accessed as journal entries.
    IS folks can be involved in the overall scheme, or can be doing things
at the direction of the business owner that they know are being done only to
perpetrate fraud. [But in other cases] they may not know the true purpose.
What happens to IS employees who assist in tax fraud?
    Every case stands on its own, but if an IS person is setting up these
accounts and working with an owner to tweak accounts, he or she can be
culpable for participating in a conspiracy to defraud the IRS. I would
equate IS people with accountants. In most cases, these people are not drawn
in as defendants; they're typically the ones who testify on behalf of the
government. They can talk about the system, its audit features, who gave the
instructions, etc. We have to prove intent as well as knowledge. Did the IS
person know that what he or she was doing helped perpetrate the crime? What
did this person do to continue the crime? What did he or she gain from this
    I would suspect that most people setting up books and records know when
they're being asked to do something out of the ordinary, when something is
not right.
How do you investigate cases that involve information technology?
    We have 87 agents across the country who have been through computer
training. They understand the workings of a PC, and have a lot of
information about programming. They know how to pull out files that
were encrypted, or booby-trapped, or segmented. They know how to safely
download files and maintain a chain of custody for court purposes.
Those 87 agents represent about 3% to 4% of all agents. We also have two
transcription centers where software is run through programs to check for
problems. When we run into an unfamiliar program or operating system, we can
draw upon specialists in the examination division to help.
Was Leonard's a particularly difficult case to crack?
    What was unique in the Leonard's case was that we found software
specifically used to adjust for skim. Usually, there is compartmentalized
information that leads to skims or other audit trails. With Leonard's,
adjusting books for skim was facilitated because [the participants] could
adjust all accounts, including bank deposits, within seconds.
Is computer-aided tax fraud on the rise?
    It's expanding along with automation. We hope our prosecutions deter
such activity. But I'm not so naive to think that people won't try it.

@_date: 1993-10-20 23:27:53
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Russian LanCrypto info 
Here is some information about LanCrypto, a Russian public-key
encryption program. This one sounds interesting.
                               CRYPTO  BANK
            System of programms of encryption (decryption) of files
             To work all users must have the files:
        afina.exe - programm for generation of new public and secret keys
        afinall.exe - programm for creation of a common list of public keys
        vesta.exe - programm for encryption/decryption of file
        NNNNN.pbl - file contains a new public key,NNNNN is a number of user
        secret.new - file contains a new secret key
        secret.key - file contains an old secret key
         FIRST stage. Generation of new secret and public keys by user
             User runs prigramm:
                                   afina.exe
             A message apears on the screen:
                                 Press any keys
             User begins to strike rand set of  keys.A  new  secret  key
        writes to floppy diskette A to file sekret.new.
             A public key writes to the current directory  in  the  file
        NNNNNN.pbl (NNNNNN is a number of user).
             If you want to write  your  secret  key  on  hard  disk  in
        current directory you run:
                                  afina.exe /k
             Then all  users  of sistem exchange their public keys(files
        NNNNNN.pbl.).We recommend thate users organise  a  CENTER  .(The
        CENTER  collects all public keys,creates a common list of public
        keys and sends it to users.)
           SECOND stage. Creation and sending a list of public keys.
             After exchanging  of  the files NNNNNN.pbl,  user( CENTER )
        has the files, received from his partners:
               N1.pbl
               N2.pbl
               ...
               NM.pbl
             To create common list of public keys ,  user( CENTER ) runs
        the programm
                    afinall.exe . (dot in the end)
             if files * .pbl lokate in current directory
                               afinall.exe [path]
             if files *.pbl lokate in other directory.
             Programm creates  a  common  list and writes it to the file
        publall.key.
                       THIRD stage. Encrypting of a file.
             If user number NNNNN encrypts file for  user  number  LLLLL
        ,user number NNNNN runs :
          vesta.exe  [path\]file_name  LLLLLL  [\k]                (1)
             (\k is  a parametre,  the programm vesta.exe finds a secret
        key  in   a   current   directory,   ;if   you   run   vesta.exe
        [path\]file_name  LLLLLL  ,the programm vesta.exe finds a secret
        key in floppy diskette )
             During the  process  of its work vesta.exe takes the secret
        key of user number NNNNN (from current directory(if you use  \k)
        or  from  ffloppy diskette),  takes the public key of user LLLLL
        (from file publall.key).Useing a secret key of user NNNNN and  a
        public  key  of  user  LLLLL  vesta.exe  creats  a common secret
        key.Then vesta.exe generates a rand session  key,useing  it  and
        the  comman secret key vesta.exe creats a secret session key and
        encrypts the file.  The rand session key is not secret ant it is
        added to the file.
                       FORTH stage. Decrypting of a file
             Encrypted file may be decrypted by two ways:
             1. by user NNNNN, if he repeats programm (1);
             2. by user LLLLL, if he runs :
                    vesta.exe  [path\]file_name NNNNN  [\k]
              EXAMPLE 1 ( We have user 000(CENTER)  and user 001):
             User 001  runs  afina.exe  \k.User 001 has files secret.new
        and 001.pbl in the current directory.
             User 001 sends 001.pbl to user 000(CENTR).
             User 000 runs afina.exe \k.User 000  has  files  secret.new
        and 000.pbl .User 000 receivs a file 001.pbl.He has:
                afinall.exe
                000.pbl
                001.pbl
             User 000 runs afinall.exe . (dot in the end ).He has:
                afinall.exe
                000.pbl
                001.pbl
                publall.key
             The file publall.key user 000(CENTER) sends to user 001.
                User 000 has :                !      User 001 has :
                                              !
                      vesta.exe               !      vesta.exe
                      publall.key             !      publall.key
                      000.pbl                 !      001.pbl
                      secret.key              !      secret.key
                      secret.new              !      secret.new
                      test0.txt
             User 000 encrypts file test.txt for user 001 .He runs :
                           vesta.exe test0.txt 001 /k
             User 001 receivs test0.txt and decrypts it :
                           vesta.exe test0.txt 000 /k
             User 001 encrypts file test1.txt for user 000.He runs :
                           vesta.exe test.txt1 000 /k
             User 000 receivs test1.txt and decrypts it:
                           vesta.exe test1.txt 001 /k
                  SIGNING AND CHECKING  OF ELECTRONIC MESSAGE
          To sign a message you must do:
                      sign.exe file
          To check yoy must do:
                      notary.exe file
          NOTALL.EXE  makes men.cat(list of all public keys of signatures )
                              A F I N A
                      PUBLIC KEY GENERATION SYSTEM
     AFINA is  a unique package of programs for automatic generation
of a common private key for a specific commynication session  between
two users.
     AFINA canbe  used  in  any  data   transmission   system   with
cryptographical protection.  It  rules  out  the  need  for  a  prior
distribution of private keys to users.
    AFINA uses  the  best  methods of public key generation between
two users that  have  been  tested  and  widely  aookied  by  Western
governments and commercial ventyres.
     Oyr original algorithm and programs have a four-fold increase in
the speed of generating a public  key  compared  to  the  best  known
standards while also improving data protection 100-fold.
     Having purchased  the  AFINA  program,  you  will  become fully
independent of  any  key  supplying  service.  AFINA   automatically
generates common private key for communication sessions with any user
in several seconds. You can choose the key length.
     It will take two users less than 3 seconds to generate a  common
private key of 256 bits useng an AT 286 pc operating at 16 MHg.
     AFINA uses  the  disk  operating system MS DOS 3.30 + and needs
32K of RAM memory. Any CGA, EGA or VGA graphic adapter can be used. A
hard disk is desirable to speed up processing.
     Delivery: AFINA  software  on  5.25  DS/DD  or  installation by
LAN-Ctypto. LAN-Cryoto provides guides and after-sales (warranty  and
post-warranty) service  of  the installed products as well as uodated
versions and supplies them on favourable terms.
                                 V E S T A
                           File encryption system
     VESTA is a package of programs providing the encryption of files
on a user's disk.
     VESTA employs  the  most  secure  methods  of cryptographic data
protection such as the Data Encryption Standart (DES),  a universally
recognized system  endrosed  by  Western  goverments  and  commercial
institutions, GOST 28147-89,  national data encryption  standards  in
computer networks  as  well  as  two  LAN-Crypto  algorithms for data
encryption providing processing speed of 200 Kbyte/sec. on AT-286 (12
Mhz) PC. This is a record time for encryption programs.
     VESTA will allow you to assure your PC's data integrity, provide
raw a "transparent"  mode  of  exchange  with  a  hard  disk  without
delaying data   processing.   By   choosing   the  appropriate  VESTA
encryption algorithm,  you will be able to have  secure  exchange  of
information with  most  encryption programm users in this country and
abroad. Encryption key input can be carried out  both  from  magnetic
mediums or keyboard.
     The number of keys of VESTA for cryptographic algorithms:
                            18
     - DES                10
                            77
     - GOST 28147-89      10
                            77
     - VESTA 1            10
                            77
     - VESTA 2            10
     The low boundary of the encryption security is determined by the
DES algoritm.
     For users   of   IBM   PC  ,  and  compatibles,  VESTA  provides
man-machine communicatin through the Disk  Operating  System  MS  DOS
     Program size of VESTA package:
     DES              - 6 Kb
     GOST 28146-89    - 2 Kb
     VESTA 1          - 2 Kb
     VESTA 2          - 2 Kb
     VESTA provides friendly interface and detailed help.
     DELIVERY: VESTA  software  on  5.25  DS/DD  or  installation  by
LAN-Crypto, guides.
     LAN-Crypto provides  after-sales  (warranty  and  post-warranty)
service of the installed products and information on updated versions
of programms and  makes  them  available  on  favourable  terms.  The
extrended reference services.
                              NOTARY
               SECURE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE SYSTEM
        NOTARY is a system for generating electronic signature for PC
files  assuring  their  integrity and providing the ability to verify
the  identy  of  the  author  of the data auhor. You can use Notarius
while storing information  distributing floppy disks, or transmitting
information throw public  communication chanel. "Digital (electronic)
signature" is a full analogue of a handwritten signature.
        The NOTARY " digital  signature " employs two algorithms: one
which produces the  signature  is kept secret, while the other, which
verifies the identity of the author, is disseminated to recipients of
of the signed documents.
        The NOTARY "digital signature" procedure employs the  program
"SIGNATUR"  to  "sign"  a document file and creates a signature  file
which impossible to forge.
        The  NOTARY  checking  programm  analysizes  the  contents of
document  file  and quickly and securely checks that the signature is
        NOTARY  allows  you  to  quickly  and  effectively  introduce
paperless  processing  into offices, local networks, banking systems,
exchanges system, data communication networks, etc.
        NOTARY employs more advanced method of "electronic signature"
than widely recognized RSA Digital Signature, which has been endorsed
by commercial and goverment institotions in the United States.
        NOTARY's original algorithms and programm solutions allow the
user  to  speed  up  the  operation  of  signing  documents four-fold
compared with best known standarts.
        NOTARY  employs the Disk Operating System MS DOS 3.30+ on IBM
PC, and compatibles with the graphic adapter EGA (VGA).
        NOTARY  needs 15 KB of RAM and offers a friendly interface and
detalied help.
        Delivery:  NOTARY  software  comes  on  5.25  DS/DD  or can be
installed by "LAN Crypto", stuff we also provide documentation.
        "LAN Crytpo"  provides  warranty  and post-warranty service of
the  installation  products  and  information  on  updated versions of
programs  when  avaiilable  offers them on favourable terms to current
Best regards.
Alex Smirnov

@_date: 1993-10-23 00:23:01
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Applied Steganography 
Here is an interesting application of steganography from Eric Isaacson's A86 assembler. This method would be low-bandwidth but
hard to detect.
6. A86 takes advantage of situations in which more than one set
   of opcodes can be generated for the same instruction.  (For
   example, MOV AX,BX can be generated using either an 89 or 8B
   opcode, by reversing fields in the following ModRM byte.  Both
   forms are absolutely identical in functionality and execution
   speed.)  A86 adopts an unusual mix of choices in such
   situations.  This creates a code-generation "footprint" that
   occupies no space in your program file, but will enable me to
   tell, and to demonstrate in a court of law, if a non-trivial
   object file has been produced by A86. The specification for
   this "footprint" is sufficiently obscure and complicated that
   it would be impossible to duplicate by accident.  I claim
   exclusive rights to the particular "footprint" I have chosen,
   and prohibit anyone from duplicating it.  This has at least
   two specific implications:
   a. Any assembler that duplicates the "footprint" is mine.  If
      it is not identified as mine and issued under these terms,
      then those who sell or distribute the assembler will be
      subject to prosecution.
   b. Any program marked with the "footprint" has been produced
      by my assembler.  It is subject to condition 5 above.

@_date: 1993-10-25 20:49:45
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: New Crypto Tool - Beta Testers Wanted 
I've been writing a new crypto tool called Secure Drive, and I need
people to help me test it. This is a program which encrypts hard
drive partitions and floppy drives, at the sector level, on the fly,
as you use them.
To use the program, you create a small partition, usually D:, big
enough to hold everything you want to keep private. Then you run
the utility CRYPTDSK to encrypt the partition using a passphrase.
Everything on the partition except the boot sector is encrypted, in
place, at the sector level. Your C: drive is not affected.
Then you load the tsr module, SECTSR, which takes only 2K of RAM.
Use LOGIN to enter your passphrase, and the D: drive becomes
accessible. All reads are decrypted on the fly, and all writes are
encrypted on the fly. When you turn off your computer, it is
automatically secure.
You can decrypt your partition at any time using CRYPTDSK.
You can also encrypt floppy disks using CRYPTDSK. You LOGIN /F and
enter the floppy password, and the floppy becomes accessible. You
can freely interchange encrypted and clear disks, as long as all of
the encrypted ones use the same passphrase. The TSR senses
encrypted disks and turns itself on and off automatically. If you
use different passphrases for different disks, you have to run
LOGIN /F again to change the passphrase in memory.
Floppies can also be decrypted. CRYPTDSK will not allow you to
decrypt with the wrong passphrase and scramble a disk.
You can have an encrypted hard drive partition and encrypted
floppies active simultaneously, using different passphrases.
The program uses Colin Plumb's very fast assembly language IDEA
code in CFB mode, and it uses MD5 to hash the passphrase. The disk
ID and sector number are used in the IV to make each sector unique.
Colin Plumb has also provided advice in writing the program.
To be a beta tester, you have to:
Live in the U.S., of course.
Agree not to export the program out of the U.S.
Please don't give out the beta version; it may be buggy. Source
code will be forthcoming as soon as I'm sure there aren't any
serious problems with the code.
Have two partitions or be willing to repartition your hard drive.
(There is supposedly a program to do this non-destructively, do you
know where to get it?)
Back up your hard drive. This program does sector-level I/O, and a
bug or interaction could easily scramble your hard drive.
Operation with DOS 6 and with two physical hard drives particularly
needs testing. I have DOS 5 and one hard drive, so I'm not sure if
it will work.
Use this program at your own risk! Back up everything.
If you want to help test the program, send me e-mail. State that
you agree not to export, and tell me if you want the files in
UUENCODE or PGP ascii armor (not encrypted) format.
There are more detailed docs with the program.
Send me all bug reports, problems, comments, suggestions, etc.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-10-30 00:19:10
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Paranoid 
PGP23a for DOS will create a 1264 bit key if you enter the key
size manually at the prompt. Key generation will take a long time,
and secret key operations (decryption and signing) will be slow.
Not that anyone actually needs a 1264 bit key, but it is possible.

@_date: 1993-09-05 22:51:09
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Trusted timestamps 
There are a lot of additions being talked about for the remailers, and
timestamping is another which could be put in. With commercial PGP coming
out, people may soon be doing "real business" using PGP. In this case,
timestamps can be a problem. A simple example: you sign an electronic
contract with someone. Before signing, you set your date a month ahead.
The other person doesn't stop to notice it - many people have trouble
translating numeric dates to month names anyway - and accepts the contract.
Two weeks later, you revoke your key. He can't enforce the contract because
it was made two weeks after your key was revoked. There are plenty of
problems which can be caused by modified timestamps.
One means of protection would be to have future PGP's detect and warn of
postdated timestamps when a signed message is checked. Another would be to
use remailers to create trusted timestamps. The remailer would have a key
labeled < Remailer xx timestamp >. Timestamped messages would not
necessarily be anonymized.
There are several ways this could work. You could send a message to a
remailer and get back a detached signature certificate. Or the remailer
could sign the message and send it on its way. Ideally the remailer would
detect a PGP message, de-armor it, sign the .PGP file, re-armor it, and pass
it on. This way, PGP would automatically check all the signatures on the
received message. You could bounce a message through several remailers and
onto its destination, acquiring several timestamps along the way. Or bounce
it back to yourself to create a poor-man's copyright.
                           -- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-09-14 02:08:51
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Denning@ISSS Expo '93 
I was looking through the brochure for ISSS Expo '93, the Third Annual
International Security Systems Symposium and Exhibition, to be held in
Washington, DC Nov. 15-17. Convention topics: safeguarding proprietary info
computer/info systems security
competitive intelligence (translation: corporate espionage)
special topics surveillance systems
detection systems
information security
transmission methodologies
computer and communications security
One presentation in particular sounds rather ominous:
Encryption - The Law
(U.S. & International Implications)
Speaker: Dorothy "Skipjack" Denning
What do you suppose Denning will talk about? Perhaps she will point out
that, due to the government's overriding need to perform large-scale, cheap
monitoring, only very weak crypto can be exported. And that 40-bit keys can
be cracked not only by the government, but also by anyone with idle
workstations at night. Naturally, this is a problem for any multinational
which doesn't want to be a victim of "competitive intelligence".
She might even propose a solution: we can all standardize on Clipper, thereby
making the world safe from privacy, and restoring espionage to its proper
place as a government monopoly. She will probably forget to mention another
solution, however - one which is completely legal and which will be
available long before Clipper. A U.S. company can buy ViaCrypt PGP; the
foreign branch can use free PGP, and since no cryptographic software crosses
the border, no laws are broken.
Conference/exhibit info: (301) 986-7800
Exhibit attendance $20 or free with registration form.
Conference $595 business, $495 government/military.
Maybe some DC-area cypherpunks could show up for the exhibits and crash the
party with some highly subversive and seditious materials.

@_date: 1993-09-16 00:14:32
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Random Numbers 
That sounds doable. Tune a radio to a spot where there is static, plug it
into the audio in port of a SoundBlaster card, sample a few Kbytes, and
MD5 it to get your key. Nobody is going to reconstruct that.
                                     < MikeIngle at delphi.com >
P.S. Has anyone called Mykotronx lately? I called a while ago and asked for
any databooks and appnotes on Clipper. They said the databooks weren't
ready yet, and offered to put me on a mailing list for appnotes when they
were ready. I got the impression Mykotronx isn't too happy about the status
of the Clipper/Spooktap project.  :-)

@_date: 1993-09-19 19:25:57
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Cryptophone 
Where is the cryptophone project? I haven't seen anything about it for a
while. Last I read, a company had a commercial triple-DES product with no
public key - has anyone seen this? How is the sound quality? The cryptophone
is the best way to drive a stake through the heart of Clipper.
Suppose someone writes a crypto program and gives it to some friends. One of
the friends uploads it to a BBS. Someone calls up from a foreign country and
downloads it from the BBS. Who is at fault? The person who wrote it, for not
retaining control over his product? The friend who uploaded it, for placing
it where a foreigner could access it? The operator of the BBS, for not
screening the file and preventing the foreigner from downloading it? Or the
foreigner himself, who is probably out of range of U.S. law in any case?
Suppose someone writes a crypto program and makes it generally available to
anyone who wants it. It goes out of the country, but there is no way to know
who sent it out of the country or how. Can they prosecute the person who
wrote it for not maintaining control over it? If they can, this means, among
other things, that selling the Norton Utilities to someone without checking
to see that they are a citizen is illegal, and that having PKZIP on your BBS
is illegal. If the precedent gets established that the person who writes
such a program is responsible for keeping it out of the hands of foreigners,
that would be a big problem. All crypto would have to be published
anonymously, because nobody could risk signing their name to it.
This must not happen!
The flamewar going on here is counterproductive; they must be laughing down
at the fort.              --- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1993-09-20 20:16:20
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Public-Key Crypto Toolkit 
What we need is a toolkit which makes it easy to write public-key
applications. This would be an easy interface to the routines in PGP.
I was thinking of doing this in Clisp under Linux, since Lisp makes it easy
to put together and take apart complex objects, and makes it easy to kick
around objects of arbitrary size. Unfortunately Clisp does not seem to
support calling C functions! Perhaps it could be hacked right into the
Clisp source code, giving it a fast modmult, idea, md5, etc. Any ideas as
to what language/method would be best for implementing a PK toolbox? This
could really get the "Cypherpunks write code" ideal moving. Anyone want to
It should not contain any cryptography in itself - you should link it with
the crypto from pgp, optionally applying diffs to the source files first, so
that there is no fear of distributing crypto or violating patents.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com
Brought to you by AT&T ClipperPhones - reach out and tap someone!

@_date: 1993-09-24 20:24:28
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Clipper takes another hit... 
Looks like the Clipper fan club is growing by leaps and bounds...
PC/Computing, October 1993
Page 468 (opposite inside back cover).
Note: _abc_ indicates italics.
Illustration: several computers with keyholes in the screens.
Clinton's smiling face rises from the White House, as a long arm
reaches out with a key...
Wow. One of the better anti-Clipper flames I've seen so far. Simple
and to the point. Repost this one everywhere.
Technical question: from what I've read, Clipper is only a single-
key system, basically an 80-bit super-DES. So when you hit the
SECURE button on your AT&T ClipperPhone, how do the phones exchange
session keys? DH exchange or something similar? Is this implemented
in the Clipper chip itself, or in external hardware? Is the format
standardized? If not, there will be plenty of interoperability
problems with the first generation of phones. For that matter, there
will probably be problems even if it is standardized.
Will it work over a standard phone line? If so, the phone must be
using data compression and a 14.4 modem or something. They'd have to
use forward error correction, too, because a 1-bit error would cause,
upon decryption, at least an 8-byte error burst. That's a very noticeable
click at 6-8KHz sampling rate. I haven't been able to get any details.
I called Mykotronx and they told me that the app notes weren't ready yet,
and offered to put me on a waiting list for them.

@_date: 1993-09-27 21:11:23
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Clinton UN Speech / Msg to Prez/VP 
In his UN speech this morning, Clinton talked about cracking down on nuke
and missile proliferation, and he also mentioned eliminating cold-war-era
restrictions which are harming American business. Let's put together a
message to president at whitehouse.gov and vice-president at whitehouse.gov
(since Gore is the info-highway guru) stating our position. Points we should make: (please modify and add to this list)
* Crypto export restrictions are among the most obsolete and oppressive
  of these restrictions.
* Americans can be jailed for exporting software which is widely used
  throughout the world (e.g. DES), and which in many cases was even
  developed outside the U.S.
* These restrictions have already hurt American software companies.
* They will prevent America from taking the lead in many crucial
  information technologies.
* They will leave American companies vulnerable to industrial espionage.
And our position on Clipper:
* Clipper should not be established as a mandatory standard
  for the general public or for business.
* Alternatives to Clipper should not be restricted.
* Telecommunications companies should not be coerced into using Clipper.
* Clipper chips should not have any special export status due to the
  fact that we keep the keys. This would put American makers of crypto
  hardware at a serious disadvantage in the world market. * Clipper should be reserved for its stated purpose - protection of
  non-classified information within the Federal government.
* Use outside the government should be purely voluntary.
* The whole concept of key escrow needs serious public examination.
  While the government may have the right, with a warrant, to
  knock down your door, key escrow is equivalent to requiring every
  citizen to give the police a copy of his or her key. This is a major
  departure from the status quo, not a continuation of it.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com
P.S. It could be worse. Remember Clipper was a Bush administration plan.
Bush was a former CIA head. He also had a dictatorial attitude and felt
no need to justify his actions to anyone. Bush would probably have tried
to ban crypto outright as soon as Clipper was ready.

@_date: 1993-09-29 20:46:33
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Active Eavesdropping of Clipper Phones 
AT&T is going to use DH. If there is no key certification involved, wouldn't
this be vulnerable to active eavesdropping?
In other words, cut the victim's phone line somewhere between his house and
the central office. Connect up your tap. It just passes voice through, but
when he goes secure, it breaks in and hijacks the key exchange. Instead of
the two phones exchanging keys with each other, both exchange keys with your
tap. Now you have two keys. Load each into a Clipper chip. Send the received
data to one chip to decrypt, then to the other to encrypt with the other
key, and send it on its way. Neither party would know he's being had - it is
much like feeding someone a phony PGP key.
The tap could use stock Clipper chips, with no need to reverse engineer,
since they will be used for their intended purpose - to communicate with
another Clipper at the far end. You could probably reduce it to a notebook
computer and the guts of two AT&T ClipperPhones.
There must be something to prevent this - isn't there?
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com
"Hey hey, NSA, how many phones did you tap today?"

@_date: 1993-09-29 21:01:50
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Digicash: good description 
Does anyone know where I can get a good, lucid ASCII description
of digicash systems?
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com

@_date: 1994-04-17 01:42:55
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Key Eater Needed 
Hal Finney suggests expiring old keys. The first thing we would need is a
way to clear the keyservers of such dead keys. The keyservers are already
up to 1.3 MB. Many of those keys must be long dead. In any case, the key
servers cannot just accumulate keys forever.
There is no way to know now when a key was sent to a server, so it is hard
to know when to delete it. One way would be to keep track of when new keys
are sent or updated, and delete any key which has not been updated within a
certain time, such as one year. All existing keys could be given six months
to live. Those who wanted to keep their present keys could send them again,
and others could create new ones.
The web of trust model does not lend itself easily to key expirations,
because this requires you to frequently get people to re-sign your key,
and to re-sign the keys of others. This creates the opportunity for the
"here's my new key, and I haven't got it resigned yet" attack. There
would have to be a fairly long overlap period between new and old keys,
during which time the old key signed the new key. Expirations would
complicate the system considerably.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-04-17 15:04:28
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: MS Word - don't email documents 
Windows Magazine Uncovers Word "Time Bomb"
    Ever wonder if someone could read your mind? Well, if you use any
Microsoft Word version 2.0 through 6.0 you may have unwittingly provided
someone with your thought processes. If you ever create documents which
are sent digitally, be aware that your client might be able to read your
earlier drafts.
    This is due to the fact that in Word's default mode, with options
Prompt for Summary Info off and Allow Fast Saves on, deleted text portions
are retained in the internal document structure. This enables anyone with
a file viewer to check your earlier passages -- such as a lower price you
were originally going to quote. (Incidentally, you can do the same thing
with the Macintosh version and a utility like CanOpener. -- Ed.) By turning
Prompt for Summary Info on and Allow Fast Saves off, you can prevent a
potential disaster. Since this is not a bug, Microsoft says there is no fix.

@_date: 1994-04-24 01:24:42
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Clipper LEAF Holes? 
As I understand the Clipper/Capstone LEAF, it works like this:
Take 80-bit session key. Encrypt with device-unique key. Add 32-bit
serial number and 16-bit checksum. Encrypt resulting 128-bit packet
with family key.
One of the EES chips, the type designed for cellular and other phones,
operates in "1-bit CFB mode". This would seem to indicate that it is a
straight-thru device - that the data input and output rates are the same.
So the LEAF is only sent once; it is not repeated throughout the output.
The user is forced to send a valid LEAF because the receiving chip will
not set up without receiving a LEAF. But how does the receiving chip check
to see if the LEAF is valid? The obvious way is to decrypt it with the
family key, and then verify the checksum. But EES chips for different
countries will have different family keys. So if an American EES chip
sends a LEAF to a foreign one, how does the foreign one verify the LEAF?
Even if the receiver can decrypt the first level of the LEAF and examine
the checksum, it doesn't have your device-unique key, so it cannot check
to see if the session key in the LEAF is the same session key that you
sent to it. So it would seem that any valid LEAF would work, even if it
is not the one for the current session key.
Am I missing something in the Clipper design which prevents this?
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-04-24 01:25:24
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: The un-BBS 
There are occasional waves of actions against BBSes. The most recent onFrom owner-cypherpunks  Sun Apr 24 05:14:11 1994
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA22474; Sun, 24 Apr 94 05:14:11 PDT
Received: from cap.gwu.edu by toad.com id AA22467; Sun, 24 Apr 94 05:14:06 PDT
Received: by cap.gwu.edu (4.1/SMI-4.1)
Message-Id: <9404241214.AA27650 at cap.gwu.edu>
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
to programming/privacy issue/computer underground/or the like?  If so,
please e-mail me at sniles at cap.gwu.edu.  Any sites that carry zipped files
of the same subject matter would be welcome as well.

@_date: 1994-04-27 02:38:04
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Clipper Key Exchange 
Subj:   Clipper Session Key
In the case of the MYK-78, the simple Clipper chip to be used in phones
and similar devices, that's your problem. You have to do a Diffie-Hellman
exchange or RSA or something externally. Or hire a courier. This will cause
compatibility problems between different manufacturers' Clipper devices,
unless they agree on a standard up front. Probably everyone will clone AT&T
Clipper devices, since they are going to be the first to market. If the
government buys a large batch, that will set the standard. Without at least
a de-facto protocol standard, the system would be almost useless. There is
also the problem of adding encryption to the V.x standards for fax, LAPM
for modems, etc. Each of these devices will need some kind of key exchange.
The Capstone and Tessera (same thing, different package) have the ability
to do a modexp operation. From this you can internally do DH exchange or
RSA. As I remember, the Capstone does up to 1024 bit modexp, comparable
to PGP in security.
Skipjack is just a symmetric cipher like DES, except it has an 80-bit key
and has (according to the review team) all of DES's problems fixed.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-04-30 00:58:27
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Secure Drive is now obsolete 
Secure Drive, the disk encryption system written by me and improved by
Edgar Swank, has been completely rewritten by two programmers in the
Netherlands, Max Loewenthal and Arthur Helwig. I was not aware of this
until I saw the program yesterday.
They changed it to Secure Device. It still uses the IDEA algorithm, but
you no longer have to create a partition! Secure Device uses a file as a
phantom partition, like Stacker or inDiskreet. It has a .SYS driver of
about 6K. There is a login program, or you can use another TSR which does
a pop-up login prompt. There is also keyboard logout and time-delay logout.
Another advantage of Secure Device is ease of backup. You just backup the
container file onto your tape, and the data stays encrypted. Secure Device
includes source code and is copylefted.
FTP wuarchive.wustl.edu, /pub/MSDOS_UPLOADS/cryptography/secdev11.arj. --- Mike

@_date: 1994-12-04 02:15:04
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Interoperability, one-use remailer tickets 
The remailers need a one-time reply mechanism.
This would enable many other things, including "persistent" anonymous
entities, without using broadcast techniques. The current remailers
encourage hit-and-run anonymity, like the recent burst of anonymous
nastiness, and discourage conversational anonymity and persistent
anonymous entities. Sending a one-way message is easy and fairly secure.
Creating a reply ticket is not very secure. The ticket can be replayed
through the net to trace the path taken, and since the text following
the ticket it sent in clear, it is easy to trace. The ticket can also
be decrypted by coercion or hacking of the remailer machines. In general,
there is enough persistent information available to trace any reply ticket.
This is a bad thing.
A one-shot reply ticket would be designed so that, after the ticket was used
or a set time had passed, the ticket was no longer valid and the information
needed to trace the path, partially stored in the remailers, was gone.
One way to do this: each remailer has a list of secret (symmetric) keys.
Each secret may have an expiration date. By some method (problem discussed
later) the user and the remailer establish a shared secret, adding it to the
list, while the remailer does not find out who the user is. The reply ticket
contains a series of nested hops, each encrypted with that remailer's secret
plus all the others after it.
When the ticket is used, the remailer decrypts one layer of the ticket to
obtain the next hop. It then encrypts the message with that secret key. Now
it forgets the secret key (poof!) and passes the message and remainder of
the ticket on to the next remailer.
The ticket is getting decrypted at each hop, and the message is getting
encrypted. Thus there is nothing recognizable between hops, and the trail is
burning up as the message propagates. At the terminal end, the recipient
applies all of the secret keys in the proper order to decrypt the message.
Of course, an additional end-to-end public-key encryption is also an option.
The catch: how do we establish a shared secret with the remailer, without
identifying ourselves to it? If the first remailer (the one the replyer
sends the ticket to) is corrupt, and it knows who established the secret
contained in the ticket, it knows the end-to-end path of the message.
Solution 1: each remailer has a public key. To establish shared secrets with
a series of remailers, you send a normally-chained and nested message, using
each remailer's public key. Each remailer decrypts a layer, stores the
secret contained for it, and passes the message on. The first few remailers
may not get secrets; they are just there to anonymize the message.
  Problem: secret-establishing message is replayed, setting trail back up,
  then reply ticket is replayed. Solution: when a secret is used, it is
  one-way hashed, the hash stored, the secret forgotten. Secrets which have
  already been used will not be accepted the second time. When the used
  secrets list gets full, a new public/secret pair is generated and the old
  one is forgotten, preventing any more replays.     Problem: remailers are coerced or hacked to decrypt a captured secret-
    establishing message, before the secret key is expired. Trail of a reply
    ticket can then be followed. Solution: no good one that I can think of.
Solution 2: establish a shared secret by a simple, direct Diffie-Hellman
exchange with the remailer. You send a public-piece in a message, remailer
sends you a public-piece, both sides compute the secret. If the remailer is
corrupt, it now knows who you are. This is a level-1 secret.
Use the level-1 secret as a reply ticket to establish a secret with another
remailer. Message goes through a remailer, to the target you want to
establish a secret with. Target replies using the level-1 secret. This is a
level-2 secret; two remailers have to be corrupt to trace this secret to
you. If you want, use the level-2 secret for another exchange to create a
level-3 secret, and so on until your comfort zone is reached. An automatic
program sits around stockpiling secrets for you. Problem: high bandwidth.
Does anyone know of a better way to establish a shared secret in an
untraceable way? Both of these methods have their problems.
Given a secure two-way messaging mechanism, persistent anonymous identities
are established using a "pigeonhole service". This is a service, with a
publicized address, that will accept public-key encrypted mail and store it
in a "pigeonhole". The owner of the pigeonhole anonymously sends a request
(with authentication) and a reply ticket. The pigeonhole service sends the
owner his mail using the ticket.
Anonymous users would need a client that could set up trails, create
tickets, request mail from the pigeonhole, etc. One nice feature of the
system is that non-anonymous users could talk to anonymous users without
having a client. The anonymous message would be of the form:
--- BEGIN REPLY TICKET (LEAVE AT HEAD OF REPLY) ---
(Reply ticket ciphertext)
--- END REPLY TICKET ---
Message text
The non-anonymous user could reply with any mail reader, send the message
back to the remailer that sent it to him, and the message would be
transported securely back to the anonymous user that sent it.
For something complex like this, we need a language with a little more
leverage than C provides. For this and other complex protocols, I've ported
RSAREF 2.0 to Perl. The interface does not require you to recompile Perl.
It uses a C daemon and pipes. It provides symmetric encryption, public-key
encryption, digital signatures, hashing, DH exchange, and ASCII armor.
The algorithms used are MD5, MD2, DES, DESX, triple-DES, RSA, and DH.
It has a good (eval/die) exception handling mechanism, and a very thorough
regression testing script.
For reliability in a large remailer network, end-to-end reliability is
better than point-to-point reliability. Messages should be m-of-n secret
shared before transmission, and reassembled at the terminal end. For
clientless reception, the terminal node remailer could do the reassembly
and splitting of replies.
Code for secret sharing is available, but most secret-sharing algorithms
create shadows each the size of the message. This can be avoided: use an
error correcting code to add enough information to the original so the
message can be recreated with any m of n pieces. Break into pieces, encrypt
each piece, and secret-share the key. Where can I get an error correction
algorithm that can do this? You should be able to increase a file's size by
50% and then have any two of three pieces recreate it, for example.
I want to add other algorithms to the Perl encryption package. The secret
sharing, for one. A one-function call to gzip for compression. A blind
signature if I could get patent permission (not from Chaum; how's Brands?)
or perhaps just do it with a "research purposes only" disclaimer. Someone
with Visual Basic experience could do a DOS/Windows VBX module to enable
easy writing of PC clients for neat net-based servers written with the Perl
encryption package.
As Tim, Eric and others have pointed out, the problem of widespread, usable
crypto is essentially the whole problem of interoperability across a
network. Covering Unix for servers and Windows for clients would be a
large step in the right direction.

@_date: 1994-12-04 15:54:26
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Remailers, RSAREF for PERL 
I've received a couple of requests for information about the RSAREF-Perl
interface. Yes, I do intend to release it, and it follows the RSAREF
interface so there is no patent problem involved. It calls the DES library
directly, but RSA says they have no problem with that. I'm currently waiting
to hear if it is okay to call the random-number generator, so I can provide
a "get random bytes" function. When I find this out, and integrate the
"shade" program mentioned below, I will release it officially. I can send
out Beta versions now to people who really want to test it, and will give me
feedback on how it works. You need a Unix machine (no root required), a copy
of RSAREF 2.0, a copy of Perl 4, and a classic or gcc compiler.
Deleted? That was my main point! What do you think of this remailer design?
I put some examples from the manual at the end of this message, as they are
fairly long compared to the rest of the message. Essentially it does
everything documented in "rsaref.txt".
Ok, I will get this file. Looks like what I wanted.
My database system (grep) picked up the article, posted Oct 14 anonymously.
Looks like Chaum just has the remailer keep track of sent messages and
refuse to process them again. This does not protect you if the remailer is
coerced or hacked. There is still enough persistent information available to
catch you. Is there a good way to establish a shared secret untraceably?
Applying a chainsaw to the RSAREF for Perl user manual:
You have two files: rsaref.pl and rsarefd. Rsarefd is a C program, and
rsaref.pl is a perl package you "require" to use it.
The functions available are:
Message digest (secure hashing) algorithms MD5 and MD2
Symmetric encryption algorithms DES, DESX, and Triple-DES in CBC mode
ASCII encoding and decoding of binary strings according to RFC 1421
Public-key encryption with RSA and DES, DESX, or Triple-DES in CBC mode
Digital signatures with RSA and MD5 or MD2
Generation of RSA keys (up to 1024 bits) for the above
Diffie-Hellman key agreement (up to 1024 bits)
Generation of Diffie-Hellman parameters for the above
The included Perl script "rsaref_test" will test all of the interface
functions, and generate all of the exceptions to make sure they are handled
correctly. It also checks the daemon for memory leaks. If rsarefd has been
compiled in the current directory and rsaref.pl is available, running
"rsaref_test" should run it.
Exception handling is done with the Perl eval/die mechanism. The individual
error codes are listed along with the function descriptions. The error code
will be returned in $@ as an ASCII string if the eval fails.
require 'rsaref.pl';
&rsaref'start_daemon($daemon_location); # starts rsarefd
&rsaref'end_daemon; # ends rsarefd
$digest=&rsaref'digest($data,$digestAlgorithm); # take a message digest
  $digestAlgorithm is one of the defined constants
  "$rsaref'DA_MD2" or "$rsaref'DA_MD5".
An "RE_DIGEST_ALGORITHM" will be raised if $digestAlgorithm is invalid.
Encrypts or decrypts a string using a symmetric encryption algorithm.
$function is one of "$rsaref'CM_ENCRYPT" or "$rsaref'CM_DECRYPT".
$algorithm is one of $rsaref'EA_DES_CBC, $rsaref'EA_DESX_CBC,
$rsaref'EA_DES_EDE3_CBC or $rsaref'EA_DES_EDE2_CBC.
If $algorithm or $function is invalid, the function raises an
"RE_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM" exception. If $key is larger than 24 bytes or $iv
is not 8 bytes long, the function raises a "RE_KEY" exception.
These two functions are used to move binary data, such as ciphertext and
keys, via Email and other non-eight-bit-clean channels. They are similar to
(but not compatible with) uuencode. The method is detailed in RFC 1421.
encodePEMblock does not raise any exceptions. decodePEMblock will raise an
"RE_ENCODING" if the input is invalid.
&rsaref'randomUpdate($randomBytes); # setup random numbers
This function is used to generate RSA public and private keys for digital
signatures and public-key encryption ("envelopes" or "sealing".)
$bits specifies the key length from 508 to 1024 bits.
$useFermat4 chooses the public exponent; if it is 0, the exponent is 3; if
it is 1, the exponent is 65537.
The returned  is actually:
 ($bits,$modulus,$publicExponent,$privateExponent,$prime1,$prime2,
  $primeExponent1,$primeExponent2,$coefficient)
By taking only the first three, you get a public key:
 ($bits,$modulus,$publicExponent)
This function raises an "RE_NEED_RANDOM" if you did not initialize the
random-number generator. If your key length is out of range, it raises
an "RE_MODULUS_LEN" exception.
$signature=&rsaref'sign($data,$digestAlgorithm, at privateKey);
This function raises an "RE_DIGEST_ALGORITHM" exception if $digestAlgorithm
is invalid, or an "RE_PRIVATE_KEY" if  is invalid.
&rsaref'verify($data,$digestAlgorithm,$signature, at publicKey); Verify returns
no value. If it completes successfully, the signature is valid. If the
signature is invalid, Verify raises an "RE_SIGNATURE" exception.
Verify returns an "RE_LEN" if the signature is the wrong length, and an
"RE_PUBLIC_KEY" if the public key cannot decrypt the signature. This means
the public key or the signature is corrupted.
($encryptedMessage,$iv, at encryptedKeys)=
    &rsaref'seal($message,$encryptionAlgorithm, at publicKeys);
This function seals (public-key encrypts) a message. The same message can be
encrypted for multiple recipients. The message is only encrypted once; then
the session key is encrypted with each recipient's public key.
 are one or more public keys. For each public key you provide,
you will get back one encryptedKey. Each encryptedKey can decrypt the
message using the private key corresponding to the public key used to
encrypt it.
Seal raises an "RE_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM" exception if $encryptionAlgorithm
is invalid, an "RE_PUBLIC_KEY" if the public key is invalid, and an
"RE_NEED_RANDOM" if the random-number generator is not initialized.
                      $encryptedKey, at privateKey);
This function opens (decrypts) a sealed message using a private key.
$encryptedMessage is the output from the seal operation.
Open raises an RE_LEN exception if the encryptedKey size is out of range,
RE_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM if the encryptionAlgorithm is invalid,
RE_PRIVATE_KEY if the private key cannot decrypt the encryptedKey, and
RE_KEY if the symmetric key cannot decrypt the message.
   &rsaref'generateDHparams($primeBits,$subPrimeBits);
This function generates a new prime and generator for Diffie-Hellman
exchange. $primeBits is the length of the DH modulus (prime), and
$subPrimeBits is the order of the generator. $subPrimeBits can be somewhat
smaller than $primeBits without compromising security, and this makes the
exchange go faster. The dhdemo included with RSAREF uses a 512-bit prime and
160-bit subprime, for example.
The function returns RE_MODULUS_LEN if the prime length is invalid, and
RE_NEED_RANDOM if the random generator is not initialized.
  &rsaref'setupDHagreement($prime,$generator,$privateValueLen);
This function raises an RE_NEED_RANDOM exception if the random number
generator is not initialized.
                   $privateValue,$otherPublicValue);
This function raises an RE_DATA exception if the otherPublicValue is longer
than the prime.

@_date: 1994-12-06 00:30:59
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: One-shot remailer replies 
Yes, they are supposed to be voluntary and created by the user in advance.
I don't want mandatory replyability, just to make conversation easier. As
for replies from a list or newsgroup, use the pigeonholes. Anonymous reply
is an enabling primitive for all kinds of servers and anonymous mechanisms.
Chaum's system isn't too different if the remailers generate new keys on a
regular basis. That would forcably expire reply tickets when the keys were
changed, whether they had been used or not.
True, outside traffic analysis is the major problem, as long as there are
enough hops to withstand a few bad remailers. Forward (source capture)
vulnerability is harder to stop.
Yes, but I actually want to build this thing. Fairly soon even.
Better is perhaps a three-day key with one overlap, that is, a current key
and one "last key" kept around at all times.
True, the path has to be there, or the message can't go. I can't think of a
fix for that one, can you? Mostly I just don't want an endlessly growing
amount of information out there. I want old information to die after a
while, as keys are erased or expired.
[ DH exchange / Key broadcast approach ]
Broadcasting a list of keys is one possibility; what if someone else uses
the same key? Birthday theorem makes this hard to prevent.
Pigeonhole holds a one-time reply address. Every week or two it expires and
you send a new one. If a mail comes in, it uses it, and you send a new one.
Methinks I'd make it a little more robust than the existing systems (easy
with perl) like being able to grep out a reply header anywhere in the
message, ignore > indentation, and similar safety precautions.
RSAREF is useful for public key and DH. Secret sharing we have to get for
ourselves. I looked at Shade v1.0, and it seems to be broken on
little-endian machines. It works on an HP-UX machine, but fails on a PC running linux with small-endian enabled in shade.h. The half-hour setup
delay is not encouraging, either. Your SECSPLIT is nice and simple, but each
shade is the size of the message. What I need is an error-correcting
protocol to build a no-growth secret splitter.
Yes, broadcast is the most secure, but it has a fundamental problem:
security scales linearly with bandwidth. If you have a pool of 100 users and
one of them gets a message, your uncertainty is 1 in 100. I've tried without
success to figure out a broadcast mechanism where security scales faster
than linearly with bandwidth.
Any system with a unique path is subject to an attack where each element of
the path is examined in turn. If the path forks and sends to several people,
the security is enhanced only to the extent that more people are annoyed.
We need a mechanism where there is either a circulating data stream or a
large file on a server. An incoming message alters the data somehow,
diffusing the changes over a large area. A request for information selects
out some transformation of the selected data in such a way that the server
cannot correlate the incoming message with the outgoing message. I don't see
any way to do this.
Elimination of the replay traffic-analysis problem is major progress. As for
step-by-step coercion back to the source, I don't see a fix, and we will
probably have to live with that unless there is a major breakthrough.

@_date: 1994-12-11 23:43:05
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: RSAREF for Perl Beta Testers Wanted 
RSAREF for Perl is complete and ready for beta testing. Does anyone want to
volunteer? Using it requires Unix, Perl, and RSAREF 2.0. You do not need to
recompile the Perl interpreter. It gives you conventional and public-key
encryption, signing, hashing, and Diffie-Hellman as one-liners in Perl.

@_date: 1994-02-04 14:25:16
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Prodigy snooping 
This tale has been around for a while. Prodigy makes a huge file, over
1 MB, on your hard drive and stores information there to speed up the data
transfer. People started finding bits of their files in there. They
claimed that Prodigy was snooping into their systems. Prodigy denied it
and claimed that their software just didn't bother to clear the disk space
when it allocated it, so whatever was there, stayed there until the space
was used. They distributed a utility which would zero out that information.
Whether they were really snooping or not, who knows? If they were, they
were pretty stupid to leave clear text in the file.
Secure Drive would stop it if you weren't logged into the encrypted drive
when you ran Prodigy. Of course, if you were logged in and they knew about
Secure Drive, they could get your encryption key as well as your data...
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-02-04 22:45:23
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: ViaCrypt Encryption Hardware 
Some interesting flyers for ViaCrypt hardware encryption devices:
There are three of them. The DigiSig+ D350 is an external device which
hooks up to a parallel port. The D355 is similar but hooks up to a serial
port. Both of these are flat boxes that look like external modems. The
D360 is an internal board, and the D150 is a software emulator. All of
them do the same things: RSA, DES, and DSS. The hardware devices have
tamper-resistant memory to store secret keys, which can be generated
internally. ViaCrypt says the hardware boxes will support PGP soon.
All of the devices are controlled by a script language. The hardware
units take ISO Memory Cards. ViaCrypt PGP is also selling for $99.
ViaCrypt's number is 1-800-536-2664 or 602-944-0773
--- Mike
For the person who requested my PGP key:
Type bits/keyID   Date       User ID
pub  1024/569A09 1993/07/31  Mike Ingle sig       87C0C7               Edgar W. Swank sig       9C0865               W.Meredith Key fingerprint =  AB B7 D7 70 4D 32 72 64  79 63 7F 05 07 1D 62 5D -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-02-04 23:30:03
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Looking for lost mail 
I lost some list mail today. Could someone please forward me the missing
messages? These are the last ones I got. Everything between this and the
"KERT Advisory" joke is what I lost. Thanks, Mike
Some people have been asking how to run background tasks on Netcom.
How about this: have your task run, then send a ping to a remailer.
When the ping comes back, your .forward file will start the task back
up and it can run, then ping the remailer again.
CC:     IN%"eff-staff at eff.org", IN%"comp-org-eff-talk at cs.utexas.edu",            [ everywhere ]
Subj:   White House crypto briefings: Clipper, FIPS, escrow agents, export
CC:     IN%"cypherpunks at toad.com"
Subj:   RE: CERT advisory
Subj:   RE: Magic Money Digicash System

@_date: 1994-02-13 18:21:15
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Gun conversion info banned 
Has this law ever been challenged in court? I doubt if it would stand up,
as long as the books are written as "here's how one would..." rather than
actively encouraging you to do it. Technical information cannot be banned,
as long as you aren't inciting violence.
In any case, here's a good use for the nets and anonymity. Scan those
books, OCR the text, keep the graphics, and put them up for ftp or setup
an anonymous mail server to mail them out. Technology can make such
censorship impossible, but only if we use it.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-02-14 03:01:24
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Precedent for PGP legality 
Found on alt.security.pgp. This might be worth researching and putting in a
future PGP manual. While it wouldn't keep PKP from harassing commercial
services into taking PGP down, it might help to keep keyservers and the
like alive. This is a court decision that found the construction of a
patented device for nonprofit purposes is not an infringement.
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp
I was researching in the University of Utah law library nearby,
and I found a case that talks about patents and
private/experimental use.
It's 73 Fed 206,211 if you're interested in looking it up.
I haven't Shepardized it yet (found all future cases affecting the opinions), but here it is.
This is Bonsack Mach. Co. v. Underwood
Speaking of patents:
"The making of an infringing machine merely as an experiment
is not an actionable infringment..."
"To constitute an infringement, the making must be with an
intent to use for profit, and not for the mere purpose of
a philosophical experiment."
This seems to say that PGP is okay to use!  I would appreciate
ANY comments!  I will be researching this further REALLY soon!
By the way, when was the RSA patent granted?  They only last
17 years!
Charles Johnston

@_date: 1994-02-18 02:31:00
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Hiding data 
To hide data on a hard drive, just optimize the hard drive with SpeedDisk
or a similar program. This puts everything at the beginning. Now write the
secret stuff from the end back. DOS allocates from the beginning out, so if
you keep plenty of empty space on the disk, the secret data shouldn't get
clobbered. If you have enough memory to hold all your secret data, you could
zip the RAMdisk and write the encrypted ZIP from the end back.
There is also a blank track. After the partition table, that whole first
track is blank and never written to. The Linux boot program installs itself
there and lets you choose an operating system to boot.
Is there any way to read data back from a laser printer's memory? PCL lasers
allow you to create macros, and these can hold image files. In this way a
large amount of data can be put into the printer and stored there. Is there
any way to get it back into the computer? Anyone seizing/stealing (any
difference?) a computer would probably not check the printer for data
before unplugging it.
An assembler called A86 hides a signature in an executable by changing how
it generates instructions. Some instructions can be generated with two or
more equivalent forms. The assembler switches between them, encoding a bit
with each of those instructions.
As someone pointed out in a prior iteration of the steganography debate, if
steganography becomes the only way to communicate privately, we have already
lost the battle.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-02-18 22:11:05
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Hacktic remailer works? 
Does the remailer at hacktic work? I've tried it and have not received
a response. Does it use the standard syntax?  --- Mike

@_date: 1994-02-25 00:44:20
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: VOUCH program encrypts with DSS keys 
There is a program called VOUCH which implements the Digital Signature
Standard. In addition to signing, it has the interesting ability to do
public-key encryption with the DSS keys! The manual describes this as
Diffie-Hellman key exchange. As I understand DH exchange, it is an online
negotiation protocol. Can DH be combined with DSS to use the DSS keys
for public-key encryption? How? If His Excellency decides we should all
have DSS keys tattooed on our asses, the ability to encrypt with them
could be very useful.
Vouch is available by ftp from garbo.uwasa.fi in /pc/crypt/vouch10.zip
It's about 90K. The author is in Pakistan and gives only a snail address.
--- Mike
Here's my key and a test file if you want to play with it.
section 1 of uuencode 4.13 of file VOUCHKEY.ZIP    by R.E.M.
begin 644 VOUCHKEY.ZIP
M) at VF,G;2=L(T>R;/%.N`S_`5!+`P04``(`"`!V!%D<[NQ;R\<```
M,7(U,W9R,C4Q<34W=75U<G8S,S0R- at W)R"Q6`*)$S
sum -r/size 15963/1022 section (from "begin" to "end")
sum -r/size 40836/708 entire input file

@_date: 1994-01-01 19:29:12
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Radiation experiments & not trusting gov 
I was disgusted but not particularly surprised to read about these
experiments. It's been known for many years that they deliberately
exposed troops to atomic fallout and chemical weapons to determine
their effects. They also tested LSD, mind control, and truth drugs
on unsuspecting human lab rats.
Unfortunately, these people are exactly the type who seek power, and
the culture of militarism and secrecy helps them to ignore any small
amount of humanity they might otherwise have.
What country has ever fallen because of too little oppression, too few
prisoners, too little espionage on the people, or too much freedom?
Most people know that; they just don't know what to do about it.
I have the Time magazine from 1985 announcing Gorbachev's rise to
power in the Soviet Union. They interviewed several Russians. Their
attitudes were very much like Americans' today: yes, we know it is
screwed up, but what can anyone do about it? Public anger grows
quietly and explodes suddenly. T.C. May's "phase change" may be closer
than we think. Nobody in Russia in 1985 really thought the country
would fall apart in 6 years.
Politics has never given anyone lasting freedom, and it never will.
Anything gained through politics will be lost again as soon as the
society feels threatened. If most Americans have never been oppressed
by the government (aside from an annual mugging) it is because most
of them have never done anything to threaten the government's interests.
For example, much of the progress that's been made against media
censorship is in danger of being lost in the hysteria over violence.
But could the government ban a book today? Of course not, at least not
after one person typed it or scanned it into a computer. Technological
gains are permanent. The political approach is only useful as a
tactical weapon, to hold them off until technological solutions are
in place. If you want to change the world, don't protest. Write code!
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-01-03 06:14:05
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Technology vs. Politics 
Yes, when something fascistic like Digital Telephony or Clipper comes
along, we have to fight it. But if we win, it will just return the next
time something scares the government. There can be no permanent victory
through politics. The only way to win permanently is to hold them off
through politics and public opinion long enough so that everyone has
encryption and is using it. If it's widespread enough, it will be
impossible both technically and politically to stop it. Stalin refused
to build a phone system in the Soviet Union, because he considered
it subversive. Could the government take away all our phones today?
Yes, we have to mobilize around the Zimmermann case, and if he actually
goes to trial, I'm going to send in my contribution and try to get others
to do so. Perhaps the next version of Secure Drive should have a request
of the form: if you like this product, please send a contribution to the
Phil Zimmermann Defense Fund. They may be able to single out individuals
who have put themselves on the spot, but they can't stop the technology.
And the next time there's a Red scare, or a Yellow scare, or any kind of
scare, they will say "national security" or "public safety" and start
putting people in camps, like the Japanese. Political victories are
temporary. Whatever the Constitution says, the fact is it has been blatantly ignored every time the government imagined a threat, starting
with the Sedition Act only a few years after the Bill of Rights was passed.
The Supreme Court has never stopped one of those actions until after
the scare was over.
Yet almost everyone I talk to has a copy. It's on BBSes all over the
country, and hundreds of thousands of people have it. Maybe millions,
worldwide. I've sent it to many people by modem and on disks. It's even
on CD-ROMs. Are they going to confiscate them all?  What are they going to
do, shoot everyone caught with a copy? That is bad for public relations.
Ultimately the people have to want it. Very true. And the best way to get
them to want it is to provide it. Let them see how much more freely they
talk when their mail is encrypted. How they can write and store what they
want, when their hard drives are encrypted. If the public experiences
real privacy, they will want it, and it will be harder to take away.
They will even be willing to buy it. In the long run, PGP may well be
the best thing that ever happened to James Bidzos, just like the pirating
of Altair Basic was the best thing that ever happened to Bill Gates.
Politics, the process of politics and the political mindset, is our enemy.
Governments cannot create freedom; they can either leave it alone or
take it away. We must prevent them from taking it away, until it is so
widespread and universal that it can't be taken away.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-01-04 01:14:10
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: A real flamewar... 
If you think the Detweiler thread is bad...take a look at
"IRC: Who's harassing who?" on alt.best.of.internet, among several other
groups. There's over 200K of an absolutely hilarious netwar there, which
began as an argument on IRC and ended up with death threats, threats of
lawsuits, mail to sysadmins...

@_date: 1994-01-05 22:14:30
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: cryptopolitics: 
cryptopolitics: Any sufficiently advanced government is indistinguishable
from anarchy.

@_date: 1994-01-09 20:35:04
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Crypto not being used where needed 
At CES someone was showing a cellular credit card machine. It had an
antenna and a regular card reader, and was battery powered, so it could
be used anywhere. The machine was designed to be used in taxicabs,
at swapmeets, and wherever there were no phone lines available.
I asked the rep about its security - does it use encryption? No, it does
not use encryption. It sends your credit card number and expiration date
over the cellular link in clear. Most credit card machines use low-speed
modems which are trivial to intercept. This one is probably no exception.
Here is a case where DES is badly needed and not being used. If this
machine becomes popular, thieves will be trailing taxicabs with scanners
and tape recorders.

@_date: 1994-01-09 22:11:33
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Forged messages part of "Operation"? 
This message forging may be about to become a major problem. In his last
post "Current Operational Status", S.Boxx spewed forth:
(I hereby flame myself for quoting Detweiler - so don't bother)
Operation Octopus - this is the multiple pseudonym and agent project.
We plan to have at least a dozen (hence the name) posting
simultaneously to many different lists and the newsgroups. But the
overhead on this is very significant, and it will take us awhile to
gear up and build the infrastructure to the point we can `engage'. You
have seen more of these agents lately `out there', but our coordinated
attack will take some more planning.
Operation Duplicity - extremely top secret. Let's just say, you will be
seeing double, and triple, and quadruple, and ...
If he starts flooding the newsgroups, what can we do about it?
I'd watch for forged messages and posts, and if you don't have a key
on the servers, check to make sure a forged one isn't posted.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-01-12 21:52:15
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Crypto & Taxes 
This is true of government in general. As it gets bigger, government
becomes more oppressive and hostile to the people. It also becomes
more hypocritical, ignoring its own laws and violating its own ideals.
The people then become less obedient, as they realize that the
government is taking advantage of them, and does not care about their
interests. The government becomes more and more oppressive in an
effort to force the people to obey. It soon turns into a police state,
and if the people can become organized enough, they will all refuse to
obey, and there will be a revolution. Communism is the best example.
Most people in those countries did not pick up guns and fight. They
just stopped obeying the government.
Computers, networks, and encryption are powerful organizing tools.
The Chinese have been known to put guards in front of fax machines
in government offices, because dissidents outside the country fax in
political information and news.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-01-14 20:35:47
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Secure Drive 1.1 
INTRODUCING
                    S E C U R E   D R I V E   1 . 1
                    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                             AVAILABLE NOW
Secure Drive 1.0 users:
Secure Drive 1.1 has three improvements over V1.0:
* Two-drives bug fixed. Secure Drive 1.0 could get the drive letters
  out of order if you had two physical hard drives. V1.1 fixes this
  problem.
* Enhanced passphrase security: Secure Drive 1.0 used a simple MD5 of
  the passphrase as the IDEA key. This allowed a fast passphrase search.
  V1.1 iterates the passphrase hash 2048 times to slow down an attacker.
* One-step passphrase change. CRYPTDSK allows you to easily change your
  passphrase, without a separate encrypt/decrypt cycle. This also enhances
  security: there is no "window of opportunity" during which the data is
  in clear on the disk, and no magnetic traces of the plaintext.
There is a Secure Drive version 1.2 going around. I was not aware of it
until I saw an announcement on the Cypherpunks. This version contains
some enhancements to interact with the PGPPASS variable, enabling you
to easily use the same passphrase with PGP and Secure Drive.
***HOWEVER - it does not include either the bug fix or the security
enhancements of version 1.1. While I would like to see these PGP-compatible
features included in Secure Drive, the bugs need to be fixed. For now,
please use V1.1. You will need to decrypt and re-encrypt your hard drive,
because the new hashing algorithm generates a different IDEA key for
the same passphrase. I will talk to the author of V1.2 about adding his
improvements to V1.1 to create a version 1.3 soon.
Secure Drive 1.1 is available within the U.S. and Canada ONLY, due to
US export laws. FTP to csn.org, cd /mpj, and read README.MPJ. This is
an export-controlled FTP site which also carries RIPEM and other
cryptographic software. The file README.MPJ will explain how to access
the cryptographic code from within the U.S. and Canada. You will be able
to download immediately; there is no sign-up-and-wait procedure.
(Ad continues)
Do you have confidential or sensitive information on your DOS/Windows
PC or laptop? Imagine what could happen if that data were to fall into
the wrong hands through theft or unauthorized access.
Protect your privacy with SecureDrive. SecureDrive allows you to create an encrypted hard drive partition and encrypted floppy disks. All of
your sensitive data is automatically encrypted with the state-of-the-art
IDEA cipher. You simply log in with your passphrase, and the program is
completely transparent to your applications.
The TSR uses only 2K RAM, and encrypts at the sector level. An intruder
gets nothing - not even your directory listing. You can decrypt your
disks at any time. The program automatically switches on and off as
you access encrypted and unencrypted floppies. Invalid passwords will
cause a Drive Not Ready error, locking out writes and protecting your
data from damage.
The program is Copylefted under the GNU General Public License, and source
code in C and assembly language is included. This program is free and
always will be. This program may be freely distributed within the U.S.
and Canada; do not export it.
Cypherpunks Write Code!

@_date: 1994-01-15 14:25:51
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Secure Drive versions 
My only problem with Secure Drive 1.2 is that it doesn't include the
bug fixes which needed to be included. If Edgar wants to use my 1.1 code
to make 1.3, great. But the two-drives bug needs fixing, and I wrote a
cracker which tests 1000 passphrases per second on the 1.0 version.
The 1.1 version iterates the passphrase hash to prevent this. As for how
it's distributed, I've always requested that it not be exported, and there
is a message in the new distribution asking that foreign sites not carry
it if they somehow obtain a copy.
--- Mike
P.S. All these forged messages are becoming a problem. Detweiler may
succeed in his effort to make us not know who's real and who's a
tentacle. Ignore anything from a remailer, which (a) has a name at the
bottom, or (b) sounds like Detweiler. As for what to do about SMTP
spoofing, any ideas? Next he will start posting denials of real messages.
That way we won't know what messages are real and falsely denied, and
which ones are false and the denials are real.

@_date: 1994-01-15 14:55:50
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Planting Evidence 
This reminds me of a description in "LA Secret Police" of how the LAPD
used to avoid the requirement for a search warrant. A cop would go to a
payphone, call 911, and report a rape or assault in progress at the
location they wanted to search. The cops would go in, arrest everyone,
and ransack the place. Anything they found, they could use, claiming it
was out in the open and discovered incidentally.
Along with the common practice of piling on outrageous charges, such as
"conspiracy to ..." in addition to the actual charge, this allows the
police to circumvent most of the person's rights and force him or her to
plead guilty or risk a very unjust sentence.
When did sending someone illegal material and then raiding the place become
standard investigative practice? That used to be called "planting evidence".
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-01-15 21:38:10
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: PGP's e exponent too small? 
Is the e exponent in PGP too small? It's usually 17 decimal.
Applied Cryptography pp. 287-288 says:
"Low Exponent Attack Against RSA
Another suggestion to 'improve' RSA is to use low values for e, the public
key. This makes encryption fast and easy to perform. Unfortunately, it is
also insecure. Hastad demonstrated a successful attack against RSA with a
low encryption key [417]. Another attack by Michael Wiener will recover e,
when e is up to one quarter the size of n [878]. A low decryption key, d,
is just as serious a problem. Moral: Choose large values for e and d."
--- Mike
P.S. Anyone know where to get a Capstone chip?

@_date: 1994-01-16 13:58:15
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: PGP, security, Applied Crypto, etc. 
Anon asked about changing PGP userids: pgp -ke
Applied Crypto: John Wiley & Sons Inc.           ISBN: 0-471-59756-2
Bookstores have no trouble looking it up from the title.
About PGP security: is PGP safe with 17 used as the public exponent?
Someone pointed out that
pgp -kg 1024 17
will create a 1024-bit modulus and a 17-bit e, so you can create a larger
e if you want to. I tried it and it's no slower. There is a compile-time
constant which could make this a default - should it be increased?
--- Mike
"Nicole Richardson, 20, of Mobile, Ala., is serving a 10-year mandatory
sentence without parole for her first offense. Her crime? As a high-school
senior, she fell in love with a small-time drug dealer. A police informant
called to ask where he could find the boyfriend to finalize an LSD sale.
She told him and was arrested for conspiracy to distribute LSD. Because she
had no information to trade for a lesser sentence, she was put away for
a decade. Her boyfriend, who did have information, got five years."
Now doesn't that make you proud to be an American?

@_date: 1994-01-21 21:36:59
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Remailers outside US/Canada 
Are there any cypherpunks remailers outside the US and Canada? Having a
message cross multiple political boundaries makes it much harder to trace.
A remailer with a return receipt would be nice too. This is a multiply
encrypted message back to you, which could be attached to your outgoing
message. When your message reached the last remailer in the chain, that
remailer would send the receipt back to you through a different route.
This would eliminate the need to ping a remailer before using it. Pinging
a remailer can leave a trail back to you.
With the current remailers, you can change the subject as the message
propagates, by putting
to multiple recipients at the end of the line? Multiple request-remailing
lines don't seem to work, nor to requests separated by commas.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com
Secure Drive. Because It's Nobody's Business But Yours!

@_date: 1994-01-21 22:16:59
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Sorry about that... 
Remailer test message, I mean. Thanks to a wonderful mail program called
D-Lite. Among other bugs, such as losing mail and a bad editor...

@_date: 1994-01-23 00:26:30
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: The Digital Barter Economy 
There has been much discussion here and elsewhere about digital cash.
Presumably digital cash would be directly linked to "real" money; there
would be some way of exchanging digital tokens for cash. This type of
digital cash may be an intermediate step, but the final result could be the
elimination of money altogether.
Money exists because of problems with a barter economy. In order to barter,
you have to find someone who wants what you have and has what you want.
Some goods are hard to carry around, tend to spoil or go bad, etc. A
physical barter economy has high transaction costs. The problems which
money solves, particularly that of finding someone who has what you want
and wants what you have, are mainly costs of information. Computers and
networks can solve information problems.
Money has its problems as well. Money can either be based on a standard
such as gold, or it can be "fiat money" which has value only because people
accept it. Standard-based money is dependent on the standard - if there
isn't enough gold, the economy can't grow. The reverse can also happen -
Pizarro brought back enough gold to cause inflation throughout Europe. Fiat
money is dependent on the honesty and competence of the government which
issues it, and governments have a long history of spending too much,
getting into debt, printing too much money, and wrecking their currency in
the process. Money has been necessary to facilitate the operation of the
market, but it also interferes with the "pure" free market. Perhaps money
is no longer the best solution.
Instead of representing money, a digital certificate could directly
represent a product or service. One certificate could be good for a car,
or perhaps 1/1000th of a car. The person who wanted to buy a car would buy
(trade for) 1000 of these. Another certificate could be good for an hour
of a particular person's labor. Everyone would, in effect, print their own
money. Its value would be determined by their reputation.
If you work for one company, you would be paid in coins representing the
products or services of that company. If you are self-employed, you would
create your own coins for whatever type of work you do, and spend them
directly. Your employers would then buy these coins and present them to
you, at which time you would provide them with a service. The buying and
selling would be done through a huge, distributed international network,
similar to the over-the-counter stock market.
The value of all coins would be determined by the market, using reputation
banks. If you are a good consultant, your coins would go up in value. If
you are a bad consultant, or if you print too many coins, and are unable
to deliver the services promised, your reputation would be damaged. The
value of your reputation would always be higher than whatever you could
gain by "cashing it in" and ripping others off. Reputation insurance could
also protect buyers against a dishonest seller.
When a company wants to hire you, they would buy your coins in the market.
If you wanted to buy a new car, you would use whatever coins you have to
buy, at an exchange rate determined in real time by the market, the coins
representing the car you wanted. You would then take the car coins to the
dealer and drive off in your new car.
The negotiation and reputation lookups involved in any purchase would be
far too complex for the person to handle in real time. Each person would
have a software assistant. During a transaction, the assistants would
negotiate with each other, looking up the values of coins and reaching a
fair price. The better your assistant, the better value you would get, so
writing good assistants would be a very profitable business. For large-
value transactions, humans might be involved in the negotiation.
Using this system, the first truly free market could be created. The
information requirements would be very high, but might become feasible
someday. Digital cash could be only the beginning.
--- MikeIngle at delphi.com
Secure Drive. Because It's Nobody's Business But Yours!

@_date: 1994-01-23 14:36:34
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Digital Barter Economy 
(Sandy Sandfort takes an axe to my digital barter idea)
As I said in the original message, the value of fiat money is dependent
on trust in, and the competence of, the government which creates it.
If the government fails or acts up, people (particularly outside the
country which issued the money) stop accepting it, and it loses its
value. In these cases, people usually start bartering and spending
foreign money, like in Russia right now.
And this can be very disruptive to an economy. It creates artificial
limits on the market. Inflation is bad for an economy. There hasn't been too much deflation, but it would create problems too. If you
had a lot of money, you might enjoy it, but if you owed a lot, you
wouldn't. It has an advantage over fiat money - no government to trust. And it
has an advantage over single-standard money - you're not dependent on
the standard. If, theoretically, everything of value is money, then
why not use everything of value as money?
The stock and commodities markets are computational nightmares. How does
trading many different types of coins differ from trading many different
stocks and commodities? The network could eliminate most of these
At one time, if you wanted to send someone e-mail, you had to write
it down and take it to Western Union, and pay a specialist to tap out
your message on a telegraph key, and another specialist at the other
end to copy it down and deliver it. Now you can do it yourself, thanks
to better technology. One of the advantages of computers is to allow
you to do yourself, what others used to have to do for you. Bankers
end up with a lot of power, and they often skim off a large cut for
themselves. Their centralization lends itself to government regulation.
If new technology can make them obsolete, and cut out the middleman,
that's good for the rest of us.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-01-25 02:16:46
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Mondex digicash system 
Are there any technical details as to how it works?
It is supposedly anonymous, divisible, transferrable, and offline. I've
never seen a practical protocol like this. The message said you could put
cards in an electronic wallet and transfer money between them. How can you
do this, without losing anonymity? Is it possible this system is security
through obscurity or observer-based, as opposed to a pure cryptographic
protocol? If the security is non-cryptographic, it will probably be hacked

@_date: 1994-01-27 01:32:14
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Multiple Posting 
Sorry about the multiple appearance of "Digital Barter Economy". I did not
send it twice; Delphi does that sometimes. It seems to think the message
bounced the first time, so it sends it again.

@_date: 1994-01-30 21:52:58
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Requiring Digital Signatures 
Some have suggested that a future network might require DSS signatures
and make it illegal to send unsigned data. This would be a Bad Thing.
I found this on comp.dcom.fax. It seems that a similar law is already
in effect for fax machines. It is illegal to send a fax without an
identification line on it! This is very similar to requiring a digital
signature on a message, and sets a bad precedent. LO> The manual to my fax software quotes the following:
LO> LO> FCC regulation part 68, Section 68.318 (c) (3) states that it is
LO> illegal to send a fax in the U.S. which does not contain the
LO> following sender  information:
LO> "...in a margin on the top or bottom of each transmitted page or
LO> on the first page of the transmission, the date and time it is
LO> sent and an identification of the business, other entity, or
LO> individual sending the message and the  telephone number of the
LO> sending machine of such business, other entity or individual."
LO> LO> (from the FaxWorks 3.0 manual, page 8, (c) SofNet, Inc.)

@_date: 1994-07-05 23:11:53
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Secure Drive insecure? NOT 
BZZZT! Read the code...
for(k=0;k<PASS_ITER;k++) {
  MD5Init(&md5buf);
  MD5Update(&md5buf,key,16);                           | Hmmm?!?
  MD5Update(&md5buf,pass1,strlen(pass1));   <----------| I wonder what
  MD5Final(key,&md5buf);                               | that line does?
  }
Notice that the passphrase is included in each of the hashings.
How can MD5(passphrase+16-byte hash) have lower entropy than
MD5(passphrase)? The iteration just makes it slower to crack pass-
phrases. Version 1.0, which used a single MD5, could be attacked
at the rate of 1000 per second on a PC.
--- Mike
1994: Wiretapping is privacy
      Secrecy is openness
      Obscurity is security

@_date: 1994-07-13 00:10:19
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: MAKE.MONEY.FAST 
It looks like Micali struck it rich with Clipper and his key-escrow
patents. Want to get rich? Read up on digicash, then design a digicash
system with "escrowed identity", meaning you are untraceable until the
government uses an escrowed key to identify you. The bank acting on
its own cannot identify you, nor can the stores. Patent your system.
When the government and the banks try to introduce such a system,
threaten to sue them. They will pay you off just like they did Micali.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-06-01 04:53:51
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Clipper in patent trouble? 
(From alt.security.pgp)
Even worse, Micali is claiming that his patent on fair cryptosystems
( covers Clipper as well.  In the Wall Street Journal (May 31,
1994, p. B6):
    Mr Micali, whose patent was issued in January, says his patent
    covers the concept of breaking an encryption key into multiple
    parts that are guaranteed to work, and are held by escrow
    agents.
It seems to me that Clipper does not guarantee that the multiple parts
will work in anywhere near the same way as his scheme does (see my book
for details); Clipper is simply a secret splitting scheme.  On the other
hand, Micali filed his patent application in Apr 92, a full year before
Clipper became public.
* Bruce Schneier
* Counterpane Systems         For a good prime, call 391581 * 2^216193 - 1
* schneier at chinet.com

@_date: 1994-06-02 16:39:35
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Faster way to deescrow Clipper 
The attack posted here uses a brute-force search to find a phony LEAF
which has a valid checksum. Instead, why not just initialize the chip
with a session key and get the LEAF. Reset the chip and initialize it
with a different session key, but send the first LEAF instead of the
second one. The LEAF would look good unless you tried to decrypt the
session key. The wrong-IV problem would remain. The NSA should have
designed the Clipper so that, if the IV was wrong, the chips would not
accept the LEAF. They also should have used a much larger (32-bit or
even 64-bit) checksum.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-03-08 19:46:31
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: ViaCrypt PGP for Unix, CompuServe 
I got a flyer from ViaCrypt today about these:
ViaCrypt PGP for MS/DOS $99.98 one user, $299.98 five user
ViaCrypt PGP for Unix  $149.98 one user, $449.98 five user
ViaCrypt PGP for C$    $119.98 one user
The Unix versions are for: SunOS 4.1.x, RS/6000 AIX, HP 9000 700/800 UX,
SCO 386/486 UNIX (others soon).
The Compu$pend version integrates into CompuServe Information Manager
or CS Navigator for Windows. Includes the regular PGP and an integration
program for CompuServe.
DigiSig+ cryptographic modules: RSA, DES, and DSS.
Developers' Kit $950 two user for MS/DOS.
DigiSig+ D150. Software crypto engine. $80 to $20 depending on quantity.
DigiSig+ D350. Parallel port crypto device, looks like a modem. $625
DigiSig+ D355. As above but plugs into serial port. $635
DigiSig+ D360. Internal board for PC. $595
Memory card - securely stores a secret key. $30 for two.

@_date: 1994-05-03 00:19:42
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Attn DCF: Tacky Tokens for your protocol 
Let's get some net.commerce going. I'll pay you ten Tacky Tokens for a
copy of this protocol.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-05-05 16:53:34
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: MIT keyserver: don't panic... 
Take a look at pgformat.doc, which is included in the source or doc
releases of pgp23a. Both the public key and signature packets have only a
single-byte version number, which is always equal to 2. So there is no way
to tell by looking at your key which minor version (2.xx) it was created
by. You can tell which version was used to extract it to ascii armor by
looking at the "Version: 2.xx" line in the ascii armored message. So get a
text editor. Big deal. You will not have to regenerate your keys and get
new signatures on them. If we have a no-doubts legal PGP, with source code,
and free, that's good! If something sucks about it, PGP23a is not going to
disappear. This can only be a positive development. As for why the
keyserver crippling was imposed, RSA can lose its patent rights if it
can't show in court that it made an effort to prevent its patents from
being infringed.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-05-06 23:44:27
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: iPower card info from NatSemi 
iPower: The Card That Ate Your Privacy
I got a "Technology Fact Sheet" on the National Semiconductor iPower
(Tessera) card today. It's pretty grim. They have big plans for this
little monster, which go way beyond just tapping the telephones of a
few Mafiosi. It's too long to key in the whole thing - if you want one,
call them at 1-800-272-9959. They are very helpful. Here are a few
interesting excerpts:
(cover page) DRAFT 1/3/94
National Semiconductor has developed a new concept in data security.
iPower technology. Implemented in a personal, portable low-cost access
card, iPower technology substantially increases the portability of
high-security data applications across unsecured networks while
dramatically lowering the cost.
It provides the highest level of commercial security available for the
exchange of information across digital networks - in a form that dist-
ributes security down to the individual user. The technology also allows
consumption based metering of digital products - software, database
information and other intellectual property.
It can be easily added to existing networks and applications or adapted
to future systems. It is practical for network communications, electronic
funds transfer, wireless data exchange, and systems for access, authoriz-
ation, and identification. It is built on industry standards - PCMCIA,
DES, RSA, PKCS, X509, Skipjack.
Initially implemented in a PCMCIA card format - a personable portable
hardware device called an access card or token, it incorporates state-
of-the-art security capabilities and can hold information decryption
keys, transaction records, credit and account information, your private
key, and digital certificates. This new technology can guarantee that
the information you send arrives unaltered and goes only to your intended
recipients by providing authentication, verification, non-repudiation,
and privacy.
At the heart of the iPower access card is a new microchip called the
Security Processing Unit (SPU). Dedicated to high-speed cryptographic
processing, the SPU securely creates, stores, and deploys the secret keys
and algorithms used to encrypt and decrypt information. Other portions
of the chip firmware can be programmed to perform signaturing, verifi-
cation, information metering and other application-specific functions.
At the highest level of protected storage, the most critical information
is stored in the SPU chip which provides bulletproof security for encrypt-
ion algorithms, master keys, secret data, and RAM-based secret programs.
The only place where sensitive information is ever in the clear is in
non-volative on-chip SPU memory. Protected physically and electrically,
the SPU cannot be made to divulge its information.
iPower Technology is based on a new concept in security: securing the user
not the network. The most secure environment for information is one where
the encryption process and keys are housed in a portable hardware token
that the user keeps in his possession - personally secured just like your
wallet, keys, rings, and employee badge.
The SPU microchip will meet Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS)
140-1 Level 3.0 for data security and provides the highest level of
security commercially available at the chip or card level.
iPower technology is a manifestation of National Semiconductor's corporate
vision: developing products for shaping and moving information. National's
products drive industry standards by offering common-sense solutions to
complex problems. iPower technology will become the new standard for access
to the information superhighway, by providing the means for all types of
electronic information to travel safely. Combined with National's leading
position in the LAN market, iPower technology will enable National to offer
innovative, comprehensive solutions to the world's evolving communications
(picture of iPower card on top of credit cards)
(caption: The FUTURE is SECURE")
... marketing fluff deleted ...
... less than $100 per user ... contains a 32-bit microcomputer ...
The PCMCIA Card
PCMCIA cards are easily integrated with many computers and are already
widely accepted. Many of the current laptop and notebook computers
contain built-in support for PCMCIA cards, and low-cost adapters are
available for amost all other computers. The United States government
has chosen the PCMCIA-card format as its token standard for all future
access to the data superhighway now being developed.
The Federal PCMCIA token, dubbed the "Tessera" card, will eventually be
used to secure electronic mail and classified information for federal
government agencies and their contractors. Because it is designed to be
transparent to the information highway, yet provides the highest security
for data and transactions traveling on it, iPower technology is a natural
choice for the Tessera card.
... Powerful security capabilities
* Positive identification and reliable authentication of the card user
* Message privacy through bulletproof hardware encryption capability,
  with support for the major cryptographic standards
* Secure key exchange
* Secure storage of private and secret keys, transaction records,
  algorithms, and biometric data
* Positive verification of data and messages to prevent alteration
* Secure authorization capabilities, including support for digital
  signatures
* On-board transaction recording to improve security and enable off-line
  transactions and metering
... stuff deleted ... in the first iPower access card, a 20 MHz 32-bit
Central Processing Unit (CPU) controls the chip's modules and processes.
The CPU is isolated from all off-chip input and can only receive
programmed commands from 32k bytes of on-board ROM or 4k bytes of on-board
battery-backed RAM. Functional commands from off-chip are validated prior
to execution by the CPU. Later implementations of iPower Technology will
offer more powerful processors, increased storage, and enhanced
... stuff deleted ... iPower technology will be the catalyst for a host
of new product capabilities including digital signatures, secure elect-
ronic mail, and secure information metering, as well as secure identi-
fication and data storage capabilities for credit cards, government
entitlement programs, and access to the information superhighway. This
technology will also fuel the expansion of a new information delivery
system - desktop purchasing - where intellectual property and other
digital products can be promoted and sold through encrypted multimedia
CD-ROM presentations.
... stuff deleted ... Desktop Purchasing - a new way to market
iPower Technology is creating a new delivery system for any kind of
information product that can be contained in electronic memory (such as
movies, software, and databases). Multimedia advertisements, tutorials,
demos, documentation, and actual products can all be shipped on a single
encrypted CD-ROM, offering dramatic cost-savings to the manufacturer and
bringing product marketing and sales directly to the customer's desktop.
Since the iPower SPU must be used to decrypt information, it can measure
and record usage time and can record and download monetary transactions
to a centralized billing service bureau, all with total security. These
capabilities will allow any kind of digital information to be sold off-
line and will permit users to try digital products before buying. For the
first time, renting software and other intellectual property will be a
viable, attractive option for consumers and suppliers both. By intro-
ducing a pay-as-you go option, iPower technology will open up dynamic
new markets for software rentals and database subscriptions. The iPower
desktop purchasing system also ensures that sales are followed up with
100% user registration. And it completely prevents the piracy of software
and information products.
How DESKTOP PURCHASING Works
The product manufacturer produces a high-volume, low-cost CD-ROM that
is widely distributed to potential end-users. The CD-ROM can contain
persuasive multimedia advertisements, demos of software products,
databases, games, tutorials, product documentation, or any other form of
digital product. Some items, such as demos, are available to the user at
no charge. Items for sale or rental are encrypted and are not available
to the consumer except by initiating a secured transaction process
inside the SPU.
After obtaining or determining credit for the user, the SPU allows only
the appropriate information to be decrypted and transferred to a hard disk
for immediate use. Unlike similar unlocking systems based in software,
frequent phone communication with a centralized billing server is
unnecessary because the SPU can safely record and store transaction data
and decryption keys locally. This allows off-line vending of large infor-
mation databases in a highly granular fashion. The user doesn't have to
wait for phone authorization for each separate purchase, but is instead
authorized to browse and purchase at will, subject only to a pre-deter-
mined credit limits.
Distributed, high-level financial transactions
By adding bulletproof security to the process, iPower technology will
allow electronic financial transactions of high value to migrate to the
individual level. This will give consumers greater flexibility and
convenience. And it will allow financiam institutions to safely offer a
wider range of services. It is estimated that 0.5% of current credit card transactions are fraud-
ulent, and another 5% are uncollectible, most of them repudiated trans-
actions. Because digital signatures can't be duplicated and beacuse
completing a transaction will require both the user's access card and PIN
number, iPower cards will dramatically reduce fraud and repudiated
iPower - the super card of the future
Looking further ahead, iPower access-card technology has the potential to
generate a host of new super-card applications. Affordable high security
at the consumer level will drive new product concepts such as the
electronic wallet. A single iPower card can securely hold a wealth of
personal records such as your drivers license, passport, birth certificate,
vehicle registration, medical records, social security card, credit card
accounts, biometric identification such as your fingerprint or voiceprint,
and even digital cash. Individuals may soon be able to conduct all their
business and personal transactions with a tiny portable computer equipped
with an iPower card slot.
Nearly every industry will benefit from applications of electronic
identification, authorization and access. In the medical industry, for
example, iPower technology will streamline record keeping and insurance
reimbursement. A consumer will use his iPower access card at the doctor's
office to electronically enter medical history, insurance carriers, or
other billing information. Pharmacies will se the same card to check for
allergies or conflicting prescriptions. The patient will also be able to
use the card to pay for both services electronically.
Federal and state government agencies such as the IRS and the Department
of Motor Vehicles, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions,
and brokerage houses; and medical institutions such as hospitals,
pharmacies, and health insurance companies will all enjoy more efficient
and secure methods of information exchange and transaction accountability
through the implementation of iPower technology.
... final page of marketing fluff mostly deleted ...
... iPower technology will become the new standard for access to the
information superhighway, by providing the means for all types of
electronic information to travel safely. ...
Contact iPower Marketing Communications at 408-721-2448 or 408-721-7383.
                                                 National
                                               Semiconductor

@_date: 1994-05-09 11:18:43
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: List crash/deleted? 
What happened?
1: A software bug ate the file.
2: Someone hacked toad and deleted everyone.
3: Someone obtained a list of members and forged unsubscribes from    everyone.
Anyone know for sure? If it was forged unsubscribes, the sendmail logs
should show where it came from...
Some people have asked about the message I sent out. That was sent to
everyone who posted in the last two weeks or so. I had those posts in
files and used the from: lines as a distribution list.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-05-16 00:50:24
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: WinFax has public key 
The new WinFax 4.0 appears to have public-key encryption. It can,
according to the manual, send a binary file as a fax, with encryption
and a digital signature on it. Has anyone tried this out? How secure
is it? The manual says nothing about how it works, but the encryption
is the type used in Microsoft At Work. It allows you to create a key
pair and export the public key.
--- Mike

@_date: 1994-05-16 16:01:45
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Fixing pgp 2.6 
So it will produce readable messages before Sept 1, 1994? Then there must
be an if somewhere in the program to check the date. That should be fix-
able with a patch of a few bytes to the object code. The best way to
uncripple it would be to distribute a small .exe program which patches
your version of PGP in place. Also include the source for the .exe
so nobody thinks it does anything evil. We are being divided and conquered.
If PGP 2.6 succeeds, our goal of a worldwide strong crypto standard is dead.
This needs to be stopped. --- Mike

@_date: 1995-02-05 22:17:10
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: New directions in anonymity (needed) 
There has been a lot of talk about anonymity and the best ways of providing
it recently. Anonymity now is about where cryptography was before Diffie and
Hellman's paper, or untraceable transactions before Chaum. To use it, you
have to trust someone, or at least a group of people.
All of our anonymous systems boil down to only two techniques: indirection
and broadcast. Indirection is sending a message through one or more
intermediate nodes to conceal its point of origin. Broadcast is sending a
message to multiple recipients to conceal the intended recipient.
Indirection is somewhat secure for anonymous-to-known messaging. Properly
done, all intermediate nodes must be compromised to reveal the anonymous
sender. It is entirely broken for allowing replies to an anonymous person.
To allow a reply, a traceable path must exist back to the anonymous person.
Having obtained whatever piece of data is used to send a reply, the attacker
can trace this back one node at a time. Kludge all you want, but there is no
good solution to this. You can make the path disappear when it is used, but
if the attacker gets it first, there is nothing you can do.
Broadcast is exactly as secure as it is nonscalable. If you broadcast to 100
people, an attacker's uncertainty is one in 100. The security grows linearly
with the overall bandwidth. For cryptographic-level security, it would need
to grow exponentially with bandwidth.
Anonymity needs something fundamentally new, something comparable to public
key for cryptography or blind signatures for digital cash. Suppose a server
has a large file. A message comes in and is combined into this file. Another
message comes in with a key to retrieve data. The server processes the
retrieval key against this large file and comes up with an output, which it
returns to the person doing the retrieving. This output contains the input
message, transformed in such a way that even the server cannot match it
to the input that produced it. This is what we need.
It would require three keys: an encryption key, a selection key, and a
decryption key. The sender uses the recipient's encryption key to encrypt
the message, then sends it to the server. The server mixes the message into
its file, but cannot identify the encrypted file as destined for a
particular recipient. The recipient's selecting key extracts the data, but
the data extracted does not resemble the data the sender sent. The
decryption key, kept private by the recipient, is necessary to return the
data to its original form. The server must be unable to link the data from
the sender to the data sent to the recipient, and this is the hard part.
A method like this would permit anonymity without trust, much as public key
allows secrecy without trust and digicash allows transaction privacy without
trust. Is there any way to do it? There are functions like the Fourier
transform that can distribute data over a large file, but the inverse
function gives you back the same data. We need the not-so-inverse function
to give back a different piece of data, but one that can be converted, by a
private key, into the original, which the server never sees.
P.S. Have any of the "beta testers" actually tested RSAREF for Perl?
RSA gave me permission to call the random number and DES routines, so I am
ready to add that in and release the code.
