
@_date: 2000-11-03 01:40:01
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: ZKS and Ebola 
Few points, in the wake of current ZKS-sold-out-no-we-did-not
First, do we all agree who the adversary is when ZKSs customer encrypts
traffic ?
Is that the neighbor, the employer, the insurance company, ISP,
Microsoft, her husband, or the government ? All entities on this list
except one can be effectively neutralized with single-DES and free
Anonymizer.com access. The government is the only one that can do decent
multi-network tracing and break some ciphers. One needs ZKS because one
wants to get protection from the government.
Many crypto startups try to live in denial about this basic fact, and
attempt to bank on fears from "hackers", wifes and similar. That is all
bullshit. We need good crypto and good anonymity because we do not
want governments to listen on us. Wives, bosses and ISP droids can be
taken care of with freeware that can be easily found.
Government has to know what goes around, very much like living organisms
need immune system to detect undesired entities and then kill them. In
order to kill, one must detect first. And that is why governments will
never allow effective (1) crypto, that is except suicidal
The first use of effective crypto will be to replace government-based
money with private currencies and so reduce the cost of doing business
by removing the tax part. Governments exist because a) they can see the
money, b) they can force you to use it and c) they can take it away
What do you think the reaction of armed thugs will be when they find out
that they will not be able to do a, b  c ? They will call the CEO of
crypto provider for a friendly chat.
Crypto+anonymity is AIDS for the government. It disables the immune
system and will eventually kill the creature. Thinking that the creature
will tolerate virus generators within its own corporate establishment is
just plain silly, Canada or not. Now, Zanzibar is a different story -
look it up.
(1) by "effective" I assume the one that achieves the goal - hard AND
widespread AND anonymous. PGP may be "hard" crypto, but it is used by
irrelevant percentage of population.

@_date: 2000-11-10 21:00:02
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: Authenticating John Young 
It would be nice if you start to sign everything you
post on cryptome, so once you really get abducted theyll
have to rubberhose you for the passphrase as well ...

@_date: 2000-11-13 00:20:02
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: No subject 
Actually there's a much more mundane reason for people not viewing the
ads on algebra.com.  The javascipt code is broken and doesn't display
anything in netscape.  So if you view the page with netscape, the ads
don't show...
Oh well, using javascript is a stupid idea anyway.  I think you got
what you deserved on that one...

@_date: 2000-11-13 03:45:01
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: Vatican defends its IP 
VATICAN, Monday: Numerous religion around the world have confirmed that
they will close over the next few weeks following the Catholic Churchs
startling declaration that it is the only valid source of salvation.
The Churchs declaration, "Dominus Iesus", ended the years old debate as
to which religion was correct. In the document the Catholic Church
claims that it made the shrewd purchase of the rights of salvation
sometime around 300BC.
Aware of the possible controversy that would be caused by their
statements the Church sought to placate other religions. "Just because
there is no chance of salvation through them doesnt mean that Hinduism
or Buddhism cant be very effective social clubs," said Pope John Paul
The Catholic Church has defended the impartiality of the declaration
which also claims that Christian religions that failed to recognise the
Pope are also deficient as churches.
"There was a great deal of vigour in the process and any religion could
have turned out to be the correct religion," defended Cardinal Joseph
Ratzinger. "I got the Pope to ask God and the answer just happened to
come back in favour of Catholicism, it was just lucky for us."
"I guess it is good to find out now rather than later," commented Jewish
fundamentalist Rabbi Kahane who admitted that there was a sense of
regret at being wrong. "Pass me a ham sandwich."

@_date: 2000-11-27 00:40:01
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: Foreign expert opinion unrelated to Tim May 
Gadhafi advises US power sharing
Sunday, 26 November 2000 16:09 (ET)
Gadhafi advises US power sharing
By SADEK al-TARHUNI
TRIPOLI, Libya, Nov. 26 (UPI) -- Libyan leader Col. Moammar Gadhafi has
advised the United States to split  the presidency between Democrat
candidate Al Gore and Republican George Bush in order to avoid "a civil
Gadhafi, in an interview with an Italian television station to be
broadcast in the coming days, said loosing the logjammed U.S. presidential
election was "a complicated problem."
"For U.S. to avoid a civil war, power should be split between the
presidential candidates," he said. "In case Bush wins, Al Gore could be his
deputy and vice-versa."
Qadhafi said: "I advised the American friends to announce this now since
this would lead to solving the problem, meaning that the one who wins more
votes will be President and the one with less votes will be deputy
The Libyan leader reiterated that he does not believe in elections but
only in "direct popular democracy, meaning that people rule themselves."
He described the present democracy in the world as "fabricated democracy"
asking how "40 per cent of the people can accept a person they did not
Gadhafi said there was "no difference between Bush and Gore," saying the
problem "lies in the Congress and the imperialist circles."
He said President Clinton was " a nice man but he could not do much for
his people because they implicated him in dangerous cases."
He accused the Congress of "ignoring the world and fighting a country
without knowing its location," saying: "I am sure the Congress does not know
where Kosovo, Libya or Kuwait are located."
Gahdafi said if the Americans take his advice, both Democrats and
Republicans will be in power and both have "interests to be in the White

@_date: 2000-10-07 20:00:02
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: encryption obsoleted 
Well, they are original. I do not recall any other instance when
a government said "we will not snoop."
"Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic has no longer any
influence on the police and army force in the country, and all phone
taps, both fixed and mobile in Serbia have stopped, stated Zoran
Djindjic, one of the leaders of the Democratic Opposition of Serbia
(DOS), in an interview for B2-92."
"Djindjic also said that the first step toward change is that all
telephone tapping has been stopped in Serbia."

@_date: 2000-10-07 20:45:01
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: encryption obsoleted 
Well, they are original. I do not recall any other instance when
a government said "we will not snoop."
"Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic has no longer any
influence on the police and army force in the country, and all phone
taps, both fixed and mobile in Serbia have stopped, stated Zoran
Djindjic, one of the leaders of the Democratic Opposition of Serbia
(DOS), in an interview for B2-92."
"Djindjic also said that the first step toward change is that all
telephone tapping has been stopped in Serbia."

@_date: 2000-10-09 06:50:02
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Rijndael  Hitachi 
NSA penetrated Crypto AG with ease.
Penetrating an open university and its bodyguardless staff is much simpler.
Oh, I forgot, authors said this didnt happen !

@_date: 2000-10-17 12:50:03
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: smile all the time 
Warning for German motorists
FRANKFURT, Germany -- German motorists have been told to stop making
rude gestures at traffic cameras or they could be charged with offending
the police.
A Bavarian court has ruled that a driver who held up his middle finger
while passing a traffic camera was addressing police officers rather
than the equipment itself, German auto association Automobil Club Europe
The motorist in question had argued that he didnt think the camera was
switched on.
Germany is renowned for having no speed restrictions on many of its
motorways but rigorously enforces limits on other roads, often with the
help of speed monitoring equipment.

@_date: 2000-10-17 12:55:39
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: SFBAY CP meat meet timeout handler 
Since no timely announcement from usual sources was detected,
why not meet in San Francisco, Golden Gate Park, 9th and Lincoln,
create an ad hoc agenda and beat it till dinner time.

@_date: 2000-10-31 20:25:01
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ZKS goes GAK 
Risking to fall into the doomsayer trap, I would call this a
classical "bait  switch" technique.
Bait was a genuine product, probably developed by the genuine
company and people.
Switch happened later, when men with guns decided to pick up
this thing.
But what really pisses me off is that seemengly intelligent
people keep on ranting about their intentions. Who the fuck
cares what the intentions are/were ? Establishing trust with
the crypto-savvy is what ZKS did. That asset is owned by
whoever owns the company, not by hired hands. And the use of
that asset will be whatever they decide.
Creating such an asset brings responsibility, and ZKS folks failed
there: their work will be used for other purposes, and there is
nothing they can do about it.
Assuming that one can make money by providing protection from
the people that print that money is just plain silly.

@_date: 2000-11-01 02:55:02
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: Re: California bars free speech of those cutting deals ... 
So now it is illegal to provide a public forum with specific
Is it also illegal for me to privately arrange this with a particular
sheeHHHHvoter from the other state ? Gangs can legally call for
voters to vote for them and not for the other gang, but voters
themselves cannot talk to each other and make arrangements that they
see fit.
This is the official recognition of the brainwashing monopolies.
Time to setup servers in Lybia and Iraq. Too bad their gangs are too
stupid to do it themselves. Or maybe I am missing something.

@_date: 2000-09-25 20:50:02
@_author: Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: CDR: Olympic email snooping -- FBI-style 
[From: For the second disturbing fact we jump to the Olympics -- not this year's
games in Sydney -- but the 2002 Winter games in Utah. Given the 1996
bombing at the Atlanta games and the 1972 hostage crisis in Munich, I
really, really wouldn't want to be responsible for public safety at an
Olympic games anywhere. So it isn't surprising that the security plans for
Salt Lake in 2002 are very robust - perhaps too robust for some people,
including me.
At the Utah games there will be a network of kiosks set up for athletes,
journalists, and the public to use for e-mail and Net access.
This will be the easiest way for many people to communicate in an area
that will probably have its cellphone circuits maxed-out most of the time.
Try making a cellphone call in Las Vegas during Comdex or the Consumer
Electronics Show and you'll know what I mean. Well, the FBI has some
rather specific requirements for Olympic data security, including the
ability to not only COPY e-mail from these kiosks containing passwords
from users' secret list, but to actually INTERCEPT e-mail and deliver it
to a security office address rather than to the intended recipient. The
person manning that address is supposed to make summary decisions about
what to do with the reviewed email -- maybe it gets passed along as
intended by its author, maybe bounced as "undeliverable" for myriad
reasons, or...
Seriously, that's a technical requirement, for which a vendor has not yet
been chosen. The FBI gets to read mail, steal passwords, and divert mail.
By the nature of the system, they have to look at all the mail -- even
yours, if you are there. Remember, given the high-roller nature of Olympic
audiences, the passwords being recorded to a database will likely include
America's business elite. Of course those passwords would never be used
for any illegal purpose, right?
And the truly amazing part of this story is that there is nothing illegal
about the data gathering, itself. Since the kiosk doesn't belong to you or
me, we are bound by terms of usage that allow the kiosk provider to do
pretty much whatever they want with the bits we run through their system.
By simply using their machine, we give up our privacy without even knowing
Okay, so maybe I have just blown the lid off a plan that could save lives,
but it is hard for me to imagine a scenario in which some terrorist will
stop on his way to plant a bomb to e-mail the boss about that bomb's
location. This looks to me like overkill, and I don't like it. Or am I the
only one who feels this way?
