
@_date: 2000-12-02 22:38:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Scenes from the Supreme Court protests today 
---
                   !   !
                   !   !
                   !   !
                   !   !
               ----!   !----
          ----!    !   !    !
         !    !    !   !    !    --
         !    !    !   !    !   /  !
          !                 !  /   !
          !                  !/   /
           !                     /
           !                    /
            !                 /
             !              /

@_date: 2000-12-04 03:29:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: manual crypto 
Well, not crypto but stego.
I was looking for ways to use existing infrastructure for
transporting ascii messages to send info which is not
harvestable by machines.
This came up:
It is intended for cross-eyed free viewing.  Cross your eyes until the
Vs and Xs at the top and bottom overlap with the adjacent ones.
V              V              V              V              V
Any sources for making these ?
I know that it can be machine-read, by extracting 3D figure
and OCR-ing, but not today easily and in quantity.

@_date: 2000-12-04 13:04:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: German Faces Charges for Selling Adolf Sofa 
Monday December 4 9:56 AM ET
                German Faces Charges for Selling
                Adolf Sofa Set                 By Fiona Shaikh
                BERLIN (Reuters) - A furniture-shop owner should be charged with breaking Germanys
                anti-Nazi laws for naming chairs and sofas after Adolf Hitler and other Third Reich leaders,
                a local Jewish community leader said on Monday.
                Michael Fuerst, leader of the Jewish community in Lower Saxony state, urged state
                prosecutors in Hanover to charge store owner Franz-Georg Schwetje with violating strict
                laws against glorifying the Third Reich for using names such as Adolf and Hermann for
                his sofa sets.
                Schwetje ran advertisements for his sofa sale in a local newspaper in Hildesheim, 18 miles
                south of the central city of Hanover, bearing the name Three-piece sofa set Adolf --
                marked down to 2,998 marks ($1,600) from 5,998 marks.
                He also listed a Cabinet Rommel and Chest of drawers Paulus after World War Two
                generals Erwin Rommel and Friedrich Paulus. The Hermann three-piece sofa set, which
                recalls Luftwaffe Reichsmarschall Hermann Goering, was also marked down.
                The ads represent a clear glorification of the Third Reich and we have urged the state
                prosecutors to initiate legal proceedings against Schwetje, Fuerst told Reuters. Well have
                to see what charges the state prosecutors decide to raise.
                Schwertje insisted there was no Nazi connection.
                I simply passed along the names that my suppliers provided, he told Reuters in a
                telephone interview. Im not a Nazi and I dont want to have anything to do with such
                people. Those right-wing extremists should be locked up.
                Schwetje, 57, added that he could not remember writing the advertisements because he
                takes pain-killers for bone cancer. He nevertheless said the names were harmless -- and that
                he had relatives in mind rather than Nazi leaders.
                If Id given the furniture a name like Sachsenhausen, that would be a different matter,
                said Schwetje, referring to a notorious Nazi concentration camp. But the sofa suite
                Hermann is named after my uncle -- Hermann Schwetje.
                The Greens party in Lower Saxony called for a boycott of the furniture store. The local
                chambers of commerce were also considering legal sanctions.
                Not one of my customers has complained about the adverts, Schwetje said. But the
                Jewish community said they were offended. So I am going to make a donation to the Jewish
                group. Im not sure how much, but at least 1,000 marks.
                Germany has been plagued by a surge in far-right crime since unity in 1990. The German
                government has responded by seeking to ban the far right National Democratic Party.

@_date: 2000-11-20 13:40:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDR: Going secret again 
U.S. Spy Office Dying, Group Says          Reuters          1:30 p.m. Nov. 14, 2000 PST          WASHINGTON -- A U.S. commission on Tuesday recommended creating an office cloaked in secrecy
         to pursue innovative technology for spying from space, saying the existing agency was not
         sufficiently clandestine for the task.          The National Commission for the Review of the National Reconnaissance Office said the NRO, the
         agency that designs, builds and operates U.S. spy satellites, had lost some of its luster since the end
         of the Cold War due to inadequate funding and declining attention from the president, secretary of
         defense and CIA director. The commission, established by Congress in legislation that went into effect in
                    December 1999, warned that if current trends continued the NRO might lose its edge
                    in providing the nation its "eyes and ears" for monitoring the proliferation of weapons
                    of mass destruction and tracking international "terrorists."                     "Without bold and sustained leadership, the United States could find itself deaf and
                    blind and increasingly vulnerable to any of the potentially devastating threats it may
                    face in the next ten to twenty years," the report said.                     Rep. Porter Goss, a Florida Republican, and Sen. Bob Kerrey, a Nebraska Democrat,
                    served as co-chairmen of the 11-member bipartisan commission.                     The panel did not recommend abolishing the NRO, but said the agency had "become a
                    publicly acknowledged organization that openly announces many of its new program
                    initiatives," which in turn hindered its ability to tackle intelligence problems.                     The commission recommended creating a new Office of Space Reconnaissance to
                    work on super-secret projects to gain technological advantage in space-related
                    spying.                     "Evolution is continuously moving forward in technology, and I think that those
                    things should be done very discreetly and with boldness and risk-taking. And we
                    need (is) to create a mechanism that can allow those things to happen," Goss,
                    chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, told Reuters.                     "There are so many new things on the horizon that have such promise and they need
                    to be pursued, but they need to be pursued in a way that we dont give the
                    advantage to others of knowing about them, or sharing some of the things weve
                    learned," Goss added.                     The National Reconnaissance Office, which marked its 40th anniversary this year, has
                    evolved away from its original mission "to go out and do things that had never been
                    dreamed of before, and we need that," Goss said.                     It also used to be given the highest level attention from the president and top U.S.
                    officials, the congressman added.                     "Its been taken for granted and its lost some of its punch," Goss said of the NRO.                     "We need to get on to the next generation," he added.                     Budget constraints have delayed modernization while the proliferation of commercial
                    imaging technologies has provided U.S adversaries with "unprecedented insight within
                    our national borders, as well as into our overseas activities," the commissions report
                    said.                     "Equally problematic, widespread knowledge of the NROs existence and public
                    speculation on how NRO satellites are used has aided terrorists and other potential
                    adversaries in developing techniques of denial and deception to thwart U.S.
                    intelligence efforts," the report added.                     In addition, other technologies such as fiber-optic communications "render certain
                    NRO capabilities obsolete," the report said.                     The report warned that the agencys resources were being stretched "and the result
                    is a prescription for a potentially significant intelligence failure."                     The NRO is overseen by the Defense Department and the CIA director.                     An NRO spokesman said the commissions recommendations were "valuable" and the
                    agency would look at them. The CIA declined comment.

@_date: 2000-11-20 16:59:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDR: Missouri AG needing postnatal abortion 
Seems this AG needs to be whittled down to size.
                    Online License Peddler Shut
                    Down                     Offered $350 International Permits to Bad Drivers, Officials
                    Say                     Nov. 17, 2000                     By Joe Beaird                     JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (APBnews.com) -- The attorney general of
                    Missouri has persuaded an Internet service provider to shut down a
                    Web site that sells international drivers licenses to people,
                    regardless of their driving history.                     "Drivelegal.com is now officially road kill," said Scott Holte, a
                    spokesman for the Missouri Attorney Generals Office. "Theyre off
                    the Internet right now. We got their server to pull the plug on them."                     Drivelegal.com, which was taken off the Internet on Thursday,
                    allegedly issued international licenses for $350 to drivers with
                    revoked or suspended licenses.                     "Its patently illegal for them to be promoting this as a way for people
                    with DUIs driving under the influence convictions and other things to
                    get around the law," Holte said.                     Although the Web site is based in California, the Missouri Attorney
                    Generals Office took action against the operation because it claimed
                    that Drivelegal.com was making false claims that violated Missouris
                    consumer protection laws.                     Threat of jail, fines                     Drivelegal.com says on its Web site that international drivers
                    licenses could be used to drive legally in any state or province. But
                    Missouri contends that the IDL is only a supplemental permit to be
                    used in conjunction with a government-issued one.                     "Make no mistake about it," Attorney General Jay Nixon said in a
                    statement. "Anyone whose license has been suspended or revoked
                    who buys one of these IDLs from Drivelegal.com will not only be
                    $350 poorer, they will be running the risk of jail time and fines for
                    operating a vehicle without a valid license."                     Few consumers had complained about the Web service in Missouri.
                    The investigation actually started in response to a meeting with
                    officials in the states division of motor vehicles.                     Owner: Im just following the law                     Tim Thorn, who runs Drivelegal.com, told APBnews.com that his
                    business was legal and questioned why Missouri was attacking it.                     "Im just following the law as its written," Thorn said. "So I dont know
                    really know what hes going on about. ... Ive been doing this for
                    years without a problem."                     Even after getting Drivelegal.com offline, Nixons office is still seeking
                    a temporary injunction to keep Drivelegal.com from operating in
                    Missouri and is hoping to permanently ban them from the state. No
                    court dates have been set.                     Thorn, who lives in Southern California, could face civil penalties of
                    up to $1,000 for each time his company violates Missouri law.
                    Reached after the shutdown, he was despondent.                     "I just found out," he told APBnews.com. "It sucks. I didnt do anything
                    wrong."                     No recourse                     Internet service provider Hypermart sent Thorn an e-mail recently
                    telling him he had 48 hours to remove his site from their servers.                     "I cant even log in to download materials," Thorn complained.                     Because service providers write detailed terms of service that allow
                    them to terminate their user contracts for many reasons, Thorn said
                    he did not believe he would succeed in fighting the shutdown order.                     "I dont really have any recourse," he said.

@_date: 2000-11-21 17:03:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDR: HST on needing killing 
Well, we talked for a while, and by that time Hoppe knew it was a joke. I said, "Have times changed? Ive threatened to drag
    people around Washington by their nuts behind Oldsmobiles at a hundred miles an hour. Ive advocated the slaughter of all
    politicians. What are the guidelines now?"     He had a pretty good sense of humor. He said, "Well, you cant say that he should be strung up. If you say that to people, WHAP!
    Ten years. You can say he should be tarred and feathered." And I said, "Wait a minute. I dont grasp it. Whats the difference?"
    And Hoppe says, "I dont know. Thats the way it is. Dont go out any more and threaten to string George Bush up or stomp him to
    death." Q:     Now, to what level of public figure does this extend? Take somebody I really hate, like Meese. Meese is not an elected official.
    Can I say that somebody should slice Meese open and wrap his intestines around a phone booth? A:     No, you probably cant. He should be flogged -- just not to death. Q:     What if we said Meese should be fucked by an elk? A:     Thats apparantly harmless as hell. I believe that Ed Meese -- being a person without any honor, a fat bastard, really a congenital
    cheap pig in the style of and on the level of Richard Nixon -- should be locked in a large concrete basement with an elk. And the
    elk should be ram-fed full of acid before hes put in there.

@_date: 2000-11-21 20:25:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDR: say hi to this spammer 
This guy has spammed the list at least
4 times.  If you call the number below
his name, you get this bozos personal cell phone.
Why not say hi, or fax him something?

@_date: 2000-11-22 15:30:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDR: army cyberwar mil-fbi-commercial tentacles 
U.S. Army kick-starts
                 cyberwar machine
                  From...
                 by Ellen Messmer
                 (IDG) -- The U.S. military has a new
                 mission: Be ready to launch a cyberattack
                 against potential adversaries, some of
                 whom are stockpiling cyberweapons.                  Such an attack would likely involve
                 launching massive distributed denial-of-service assaults,
                 unleashing crippling computer viruses or Trojans, and jamming
                 the enemys computer systems through electronic
                 radio-frequency interference.                  An order from the National Command Authority - backed by
                 President Clinton and Secretary of Defense William Cohen -
                 recently instructed the military to gear up to wage cyberwar.                  The ability of the U.S. to conduct such warfare "doesnt exist
                 today," according to a top Army official speaking at a
                 conference in Arlington, Va., last week.                  "We see three emerging threats: ballistic missiles, cyberwarfare
                 and space control," said Lt. Gen. Edward Anderson, deputy
                 commander in chief at U.S. Space Command, which was
                 recently assigned the task of creating a cyberattack strategy.
                 "Cyberwarfare is what we might think of as attacks against
                 digital ones and zeros."
                 Anderson spoke about the Space
                 Commands cyberwarfare
                 responsibilities at the National
                 Strategies and Capabilities for a
                 Changing World conference. The
                 event was organized by the Institute
                 for Foreign Policy Analysis, Tufts
                 Universitys Fletcher School of Law
                 and Diplomacy and the U.S. Army.
                 The conference attracted military top
                 brass and international diplomats.                  Anderson told attendees that the U.S.
                 Space Command, the agency in
                 charge of satellite communications,
                 has begun to craft a computer
                 network attack strategy. This strategy
                 would detail actions to be followed by
                 the Unified Commanders in Chief
                 (CINC) if the president and the
                 secretary of defense order a cyber
                 strike. The CINCs are senior
                 commanders in the Army, Navy, Air
                 Force and Marines deploying U.S.
                 forces around the world.                  The information-warfare strategy will
                 be detailed in a defense plan called "OPLAN 3600" that
                 Anderson said will require "unprecedented cooperation with
                 commercial enterprises and other organizations."                  Theres no set deadline for completing OPLAN 3600, Anderson
                 told Network World. But he noted that other countries,
                 including Russia, Israel and China, are further along in building
                 their information-warfare capabilities.                  Anderson said the U.S. may end up with a new type of
                 weaponry for launching massive distributed denial-of-service
                 attacks and computer viruses. "The Chinese recently indicated
                 they are already moving along with this," he added.                  In addition to the possibility of cybercombat between nations,
                 the military acknowledges that terrorists without the backing of
                 any country can potentially use cyberweapons to disrupt U.S.
                 telecommunications or banking systems that are largely
                 electronic.                  Thats one reason the U.S. Space Command is joining with the
                 FBI to build an information-warfare strategy.                  "This requires a close relationship between military and law
                 enforcement," said Michael Vatis, an FBI official who also
                 spoke at the conference. He noted that the FBI will have to
                 help determine if any cyberattack suffered by U.S. military or
                 business entities calls for a military or law enforcement
                 response.                  "The Internet is ubiquitous. It allows attacks from anywhere in
                 the world. Attackers can loop in from many different Internet
                 providers," said Vatis, who noted that a cyberattack can include
                 espionage using computer networks.                  "It could start across the street but appear to be coming from
                 China. And something that might look like a hacker attack
                 could be the beginning of cyberwarfare," he added.                  Vatis said the growing bullets-and-guns conflict in the Middle
                 East between Israel and the Palestinians, with Islamic
                 supporters elsewhere, is being accompanied by cyberattacks
                 from each side against the other. Its serious enough, he said,
                 that the FBI issued an alert about it to the U.S. Space
                 Command, giving U.S. forces warning that the action on the
                 cyber front could affect them, too.

@_date: 2000-11-24 03:51:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested documents online 
This is a part of official mythology that very few americans escape.
I also noticed seemingly intelligent people bending their brains
to explain how something that business does is less evil than the
same thing done by government.
Apparently because businesses do not use guns.
They are missing the fact that majority of people never encounter/use
guns in their life, and that the principal way of behavioural control
is propaganda/ideology. Most of the people in the industrial world are
directly and tightly controlled by corporations, not governments.
I have seen people that fear their bosses/corporate policies/landlords/
creditors more than they ever feared government - simply because they
never had to deal with government on adverse terms. Their lives are not
shaped by governments - business does that. That is the reality.
But corporations did a great job of propping up the government as the
target for frustration, and it shows. Long time ago I read a story about
the guy whose job was to be fired: a company would screw up something,
and the guy was hired, presented to be the company exec, and then
humiliated and fired in front of the customer. Sounds familiar ?

@_date: 2000-11-26 02:42:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDR: Actual sheeple photos 
The meme lives ...
http:// www dot telebooks dot com slash rp slash jh50sq dot html

@_date: 2001-04-03 11:59:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: How the Justice Department screws with a reporter 
This is my worst nightmare.
We are ruled by infantile idiots.
Oh, the shame, the shame !

@_date: 2001-04-04 02:45:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: American Death 
"American Life Project" needs killing.
Americans Support Email Monitoring, Study Finds
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A survey released Monday finds Americans are
worried about criminal activity on the Internet and willing to let law
enforcement agencies intercept suspects' email despite misgivings about
privacy protections.
The survey by the Pew Internet & American Life Project found 73 percent
of those surveyed were worried about criminals using the Internet to
plan and carry out crimes, with 43 percent very concerned.
Child pornography topped the list of online criminal activity that most
worried Americans, followed by credit card theft, terrorism, wide-scale
fraud, hackers accessing government and business sites, and computer
Over half of the respondents, 54 percent, approved of the FBI (news -
web sites) or other law enforcement agencies intercepting email over the
Internet sent to and from people suspected of criminal activities.
The FBI's e-mail wiretap system, formerly dubbed ''Carnivore,'' has been
criticized by privacy and civil-rights advocates, who say it violates
protections against unreasonable search and seizure.
Americans familiar with Carnivore were divided on its merits, with 45
percent supporting the system and 45 percent saying the potential for
abuse outweighed any crime-fighting benefits.
Sixty-two percent said new privacy laws were needed to protect online
communications against unwarranted surveillance, while 14 percent said
existing laws covering telephone conversations were adequate.
The survey of 2,096 adults was conducted between February 1 and March 1,
and has a margin of error of 2 percentage points.

@_date: 2001-06-21 06:53:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Current cpunk block address list (20/06/2001) 
jchoate at dev.tivoli.com
jchoate at tivoli.com
jim_choate/tivoli_systems at us.ibm.com
ravage at einstein.ssz.com
ravage at ssz.com
markku-juhani.saarinen at nokia.com
mjs.crypto at eudoramail.com

@_date: 2001-04-01 07:38:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: AP is *not* the point 
So he is new Galileo then.
Shattering the geocentrism endangered only the theological dogma,
and he almost got barbecued. The church in question admitted wrongdoing
350 years after Galileo's death (in 1992). The mere intensity of state's handling of Jim Bell suggests
that there is something genuine about AP, but what it is still escapes me.
On another hand, maybe I would doubt Galileo as well.
Cypherpunk Movement Secretary
ps. I want to remind everyone not to miss the secret meeting
in Washington, DC, on April 13, 8 pm, at Pedro's.
(this message is intended only for Cypherpunk members)

@_date: 2001-10-16 16:10:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: It does not really matter WHO did it ... 
... but WHO profits.
Reichstag Fire
They who will not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. Recent
events raise ghosts of the past.
January 30, 1933
Weimar Republic President Paul von Hindenburg appoints Adolph Hitler
February 27, 1933
The German Parliament (Reichstag) burns down. A dazed Dutch Communist
named Marinus van der Lubbe is found at the scene and charged with
arson. [He is later found guilty and executed].
February 28, 1933
President Hindenburg and Chancellor Hitler invoke Article 48 of the
Weimar Constitution, which permits the suspension of civil liberties in
time of national emergency. This Decree of the Reich President for the
Protection of the People and State abrogates the following
constitutional protections:
- Free expression of opinion - Freedom of the press - Right of assembly and association - Right to privacy of postal and electronic communications - Protection against unlawful searches and seizures - Individual property rights - States' right of self-government A supplemental decree creates the SA (Storm Troops) and SS (Special
Security) Federal police agencies.
Who Did It?
Historians do not agree on who is actually responsible for the Reichstag
Fire: van der Lubbe acting alone -- a Communist plot -- or the Nazis
themselves in order to create an incident. Writers such as Klaus P.
Fischer feel that most likely the Nazis were involved.
But regardless of who actually planned and executed the fire, it is
clear that the Nazis immediately took advantage of the situation in
order to advance their cause at the expense of civil rights. The Decree
enabled the Nazis to ruthlessly suppress opposition in the upcoming
March 5, 1933
National elections give Nazis 44% plurality in the Reichstag. Herman
Gvring [who later played a central role in the Nazi government and war
effort] declares that there is no further need for State governments.
Over the next few weeks, each of the lawful Weimar State governments
falls to the same ruse:
- Local Nazi organizations instigate disorder; - The disorder is quelled by replacing the elected state government by
appointed Nazi Reich Commissioners. March 24, 1933
The Reichstag passes the Law for Terminating the Suffering of People and
Nation , also known as the Enabling Law , essentially granting Adolph
Hitler dictatorial power.
The events in 1933 can be summarized as follows:
While it is not clear whether the Nazis intentionally set the Reichstag
fire in order to create a national crisis, or whether the Nazis simply
were opportunistic, the event was used as justification for a sharp
curtailment in constitutionally guaranteed civil liberties. The Nazis
took advantage of the additional Federal police powers to suppress
opponents. It is clear that in other situations, the Nazis did use the
tactic of creating a "law and order" crisis so that they could provide a
solution which further eroded civil liberties and entrenched their
power. The right-wing Nazis and the left-wing communists were cut from
the same cloth -- the point is not that the far right destroyed civil
rights. Rather, the point is that a democracy can be destroyed by
creating a law-and-order crisis and offering as a 'solution' the
abdication of civil liberties and state's rights to a powerful but
unaccountable central authority.
