
@_date: 1997-07-09 10:54:50
@_author: Magus Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: German Army Train Neo-Nazis 
Well, appears that while the German government is railing against neo-Nazis
on the Net, the German army is busy training the next generation of
jack-booted thugs:
"Pictures That Shame The German Army"
(London Independent, 7/7/97, p.9)
Bonn -- A German newspaper yesterday published pictures from an amateur
videotape of soldiers staging mock executions and rapes.
A youthful recruit in a Bundeswehr uniform is shown holding a pistol in
the mouth of another recruit in an image published on the front page of
Bild am Sonntag.
Another photograph shows a soldier pretending to rape another recruit
acting as a woman civilian, who is later shown being marched to
"execution" by troops. Other pictures show enactments of "civilians"
being tortured and hanging from trees, images which revived memories of
atrocities by Hitler's armies.
"There will be no toleration whatsoever of such perversion in the
Bundeswehr," the Defence Minister, Volker Ruhe, said in an interview
with ZDf television. "I will do everything to see that those involved
are disciplined and prosecuted. We will ... take action against all
those involved, even if they are no longer in the army."
The army said eight recruits on the film, made at Hammelburg training
grounds, near Wurzburg, in April 1996, were no longer in the army. The
Bundeswehr investigation also focussed on officers who failed to report
the incident which took place during a break in training for soldiers
preparing for a mission in former Yugoslavia.
Lieutenant-General Helmut Willmann, the army's officer, said acts by
"a handful of mentally disturbed individuals" could not besmirch the
force's good name. "I am horrified by what happened at the Hammelburg
training ground," he said in a statement release by the defence
The Greens criticized Gen Willmann for trying to write off the incident
as an abberation, as officers knew of the tape for more than a year but
said nothing about it. Jurgin Trittin, chairman of the Greens, said the
incident was the latest of a series of unsettling incidents. There had
been 53 reported incidents of right-wing extremism in the army in 1995.
Wolfgang Schraut, commander of Jaeger Battalion 571, where the incident
took place, said the recruits could no longer be punished by the army
because they had left. "We will not be able to get our hands on them
any more," the officer said. "They were released from the army in an
entirely normal fashion after completing their military service."
He said that he did not know of the existence of the videotape until
Friday and had learned that it was shown "on occasion in small circles
amongst the comrades." Some 3,000 Germans are in the Nato-led
Stabilization Force (SFOR) in Bosnia. Around 4,000 Germans took part
in SFOR's predecessor, the peace Implementation Force but were
stationed in nearby Croatia.

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:29:11
@_author: Magus Mixmaster Anonymous Remailer Service 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
I took this statement at face value, but out of curiousity I decided to find
out who this guy Foucault was.  The things I read about him lead me to believe otherwise.
Some quotes from Michel Foucault:
 "The judges of normality are present everywhere.  We are in
  the society of the teacher-judge, the doctor-judge, the   educator-judge, the 'social worker'-judge."
 "Prison continues, on those who are entrusted to it, a work
  begun elsewhere, which the whole of society pursues on each
  individual through innumerable mechanisms of discipline."
How quick we are to condemn those who step out of the "norm", no?  As soon as someone says something even slightly controversial, our inner censors rush in to separate ourselves from that person, to chastise him, to condemn him, regardless of the relationship we have developed with him in the past.
There is this unfortunate property in man that leads him to disassociate himself from the ideas he holds true if it is convenient, and especially if it will allow him to avoid the ridicule, hatred and disdain of others.  In the never ending "pursuit of happiness" we seek to make our lives so comfortable that we will give up that which we hold dearest.
 "The work of an intellectual is not to mould the political   will of others; it is, through the analyses that he does in   his own field, to re-examine evidence and assumptions, to   shake up habitual ways of working and thinking, to dissipate
  conventional familiarities, to re-evaluate rules and   institutions and...to participate in the formation of a   political will (where he has his role as citizen to play)."
In other words, to make people think.  This is the goal of the intellectual. To subtly influence the mass of humanity by appealing to their minds, their reason, instead of their base instincts and emotions.  Tolerance and acceptance are results brought about in us by communion with the mind, that which is greatest in us.  Hatred, persecution, violence are what we fall back upon when we cease to live to our fullest potential.  We degenerate into the animals we once were.
Perhaps one way of looking at it is that if you can't see the black and
the white, you're missing the whole picture.
After all, who would think that one would need to use an anonymous remailer
and a pseudonym to express oneself in a free and open society such as ours?

@_date: 1997-11-20 11:42:08
@_author: Magus Mixmaster Anonymous Remailer Service 
@_subject: Fairy Gold 
If this were really true, you would have posted your message under your real name (a.k.a., your persistent identity).  The fact that you chose to make your statement anonymously only proves the inverse of what you say.
We should remember that -- at least here in America and the rest of the so-called first world -- we live in the age of the sound bite where the "medium is the message."  Public opinion is manipulated by the puppetmasters who pull the emotional strings of John and Jane Q. Public sitting in front of the TV each night.  Witness how anyone who has watched a video on Waco is quickly being lumped into the category of an anti-government extremist (Terry Nichols had two copies of "Waco Under Siege" in his house).  The underlying message is, "don't consider any of the facts that the video viewer presents to you, just realize he/she is an extremist."
Frankly, I wasn't there at Waco so I don't know what happened.  However, as Monty pointed out in another post, the fact that the FBI/BATF/etc. administered the gas into the Davidian home (notice how I fail to use the media-sanctioned term "compound") is clearly an aggressive act on the part of the U.S. gov't.  Regardless of what the spinmeisters say (both on the left and the right) no human being with a conscience can take note of this fact and say that the feds were justified in their actions.  Gassing children?  Come on.
A single sound bite on its own will do nothing, but a persistent group of sound bites presented over time with a recurring message can create a great amount of influence.  This is how public opinion is formed through mass
media channels.
But think about this: who is the author of these mass media sound bites?  Can you name the person?
It's easy to say that it's the feds, the ZOG, the NWO crew...but you can't name an individual can you?  Why is that?
Seriously, think about this question.  It has a lot to do with a major
cypherpunk theme: anonymity.  But in this case, with hardly any conscious
P.S. Notice how my response becomes "negated" by Monty's previous response when you read the first 6 lines of text in order:
If that were really true, you would have posted your message under your real
name (a.k.a., your persistent identity).  The fact that you chose to make your statement anonymously only proves the inverse of what you say.
Think how easily Monty's "response" could be used against me if the quoted text marks (>) were removed.  Truths are easily twisted into lies by those who seek advantage from such actions.

@_date: 1997-09-15 09:38:02
@_author: Magus Mixmaster Anonymous Remailer Service 
@_subject: What really happend in DC 
Several people have asked me for the real story of what went on in Washington. Here it is.
Some carpetbaggers (EFF, CDT, etc.) went to DC without having the first clue how the game is being played. Oblivious to the fact that Congress will not, can not, pass a pro-crypto bill, they found a few Congress people that either believed in the issue or at least thought they could milk it for publicity. Some bills were proposed and sent on their way.
Meanwhile, the real players were laughing their butt off. Their project was right on track. Using a time honored mixture of incentivising and FUD, GAK was pushed upon industry.
The real players know that banking will require strong crypto, so banking and financial transaction information are exempt from the export prohibition. This conveniently opens the most lucrative market segment of the worldwide crypto business to US companies, thereby reducing, if not eliminating, the business case for fighting export restrictions. If not eliminating because on the other end of the crypto spectrum, the export regs and GAK are irrelevant for all practical purposes. It simply doesn't matter for most people if their love letters are protected by 40 bits or by 128 bits. Nor will it matter if the crypto used has GAK or not. Unless they are into some _really_ kinky stuff.
The market segment between is too small to make it economical for large businesses (the only one's with clout and the only ones about who's campaign contributions one should worry) to fight over this issue with a very determined government.
With industry removed as an opponent (ignore for the moment the voices still originating from some industry spokespeople. They and their jobs will go away as their managers come to realize that said voices have a negative rate of return), only civil liberty groups are left. And as I mentioned earlier, those don't have any clue about the nature of the game at the national security (as in the very survival of governemt) level. The Four Horsemen can just ride right over them.
With the bull worn and tired, all that is left to do is the coupe de grace. Since Congress has become aware that crypto is an issue and since many lawmakers know by now that there would be some law, the bills already in Congress were simply rewritten. No point in wasting time by introducing a new bill.
Some may ask what the effect of all this will be. Simple:
o The "reliable parties" that need strong crypto will have strong crypto.
o Those that don't really need strong crypto won't have it.
o The government has new and better surveillance and control capabilities.
o The Cypherpunks attack on the State has been rebuffed, since the widespread use of strong crypto it requires won't occur. (Just to help those that will counter by saying that they'll still have a copy of PGP save some time: this is utterly irrelevant. The individual, or even a group of individuals can never be a danger to the State. Annoying perhaps, but not a danger to its existance. In fact, the occasional Cypherpunks with his copy of PGP provides a net benefit to the State. Just as the occasional terrorist or nutcase with a rifle does).
