
@_date: 2001-08-06 03:53:34
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Traceable infrastructure 
All the more reason to morph freenet/mojo to mix duties, maybe even
create a worm version that gives no evidence of it's existence, other than some increase in traffic.
   What happened to melontrafficers.com BTW?   > Now, the above is of course fiction, for now at least. But keeping such
  > widescale attacks on the infrastructure part of the threat model is not,
  > IMHO, a bad idea. The discussions on stego, disposable remailers, physical
  > broadcast technology and the like are part of that, and serve to lay the
  > groundwork in case shit one day does hit the fan.
  Last I checked, the vast bulk of remailers were in North America and
  Europe. Given sufficient provocation (Bush twins kidnapped, Osama
  talking biochemwomdterror in DC), I could easily see a coordinated set
  of pre-dawn raids to "gather evidence" and seize computers as part of
  a criminal investigation. Obviously the servers would have to be held
  as potential evidence for a trial - did they keep logs? our techs will
  find out - which could take a decade. This would cripple the current
  remailer network and generate almost no public outcry beyond the
  cypherpunks and such.
  -Declan

@_date: 2001-08-09 10:44:47
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Remailer Phases 
Oh, I think I understand the confusion now.
There is a latency feature which allows a sender to request a message
be held for some specified length of time before being placed in the
message pool.  In essence, the arrival of the message to the core of
the remailer is delayed.
This is a fine feature - it is almost a requirement for a really good
remailer net.
However, the latency I am discussing is less complicated - it's just
the average time a message remains in the remailer when it's being
sent straight through the system with no extra latency requested.  In
other words, a message which is sent in such a way that transit time
is minimized.  It is not something the sender can, or would want to,
This value is a function only of the pool sizes of the remailers and
the number of messages sent through over a period of time.  For example, let's say we have 10 remailers and 100 users.  How many
messages a day do these users have to send to see an average latency
of 5 min. per hop?  (Assume the pool size is 30.)
Each remailer must handle 30 msgs / 5 min. = 6 msgs/min, or 8,640
msgs/day.  Assuming each user routes their messages through 20 hops,
each message will go through each remailer twice, on average.  So, the
users will send 8,640 msgs/2 = 4,320 msgs during the day.  On average,
each user would send 43.2 messages per day, or one every 33.33
So, you can see that this is quite feasible if people are sending any
news feeds, mailing lists, cover traffic, or even just a lot of e-mail
through the system.

@_date: 2001-08-09 20:11:14
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Secret Warrants 
I don't understand this controversy. Who cares what the law is?
Why would you ever let anyone know about the intruder you just blew
away inside your house? Just disappear the body in a shallow grave,
or cut it up into little pieces and run it thru a chipper in your
garage and bag it up, dump into a river for fish food.
    Why would anyone be stupid enough to call the pigs over
something like that? Geez, wake up!

@_date: 2001-08-10 08:11:52
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Keylogger detection -- HookProtect 
Where's the source, Faustine? Why would anyone concerned about
personal security want to use something like this? For all anybody
knows, this was put together by some of your friends in NSA to
lull the sheeple with fake security audits -- or maybe it finds
key loggers, just not the ones the feebs install.
   Besides which it only runs on shitty M$-OS, nobody who is even the slightest concerned (and has clue) would trust that. If it aint
linux, and ain't opensource, it ain't shit.    Building something like this seems like a very cpunkerly thing
to do -- the hardware logger is a question though. Keyboards are cheap, and you
can buy throwaway $15 keyboards just to do keys with. Should we be concerned about them going so far as to switch motherobards, and, would
they be able to manufacture the exact MB as what you had with a hardware
key logger built in? Seems improbable -- not impossible, but there are a pretty big variety of MBs out there at this point.

@_date: 2001-08-10 23:57:41
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Famous Stanford Spy Camera 
We should go take a look at the famous Stanford spy camera on the roof
of Barnes.  Barnes is a relatively tall building in Escondido Village
on the south side of the campus.  The camera can be clearly seen from
the ground.
The camera was installed for the World Cup a few years back.  It is
remotely controlled and is used to zoom in on faces at great
distances.  During the World Cup, the faces of fans were fed to a
bullpen of representatives of "anti-terrorism" organizations from
around the world.  So far as I know, no computer recognition was used,
but the effect is the same.
Given that the U.S. has often been a haven for dissidents, and that
universities in particular are advertised as havens for those with
unpopular ideas, it would be interesting to know which precautions, if
any, Stanford took to ensure the safety of those attending the Cup.
"Anti-terrorist" organizations are often no more than secret police
departments whose primary mission is repressing the political views of
their citizens.
Were the participating agents allowed to take pictures home?  Were the
images saved for later analysis, for instance by computer?  Which
nations participated and could any of them be said to have repressive
Some damage is unavoidable as even the knowledge of the presence of a
dissident in the Bay Area could create problems.  (Secret police are
not confined to their countries of origin and often receive the
cooperation of the U.S. Federal Government.)
Likewise, simply associating with a known dissident could create
difficulties for those returning to their native countries, or even
for U.S. citizens visiting those countries.
Given the international presence, the Federal government was clearly
involved.  Which organizations were involved?  Has Rep. Dick Armey
been informed of this involvement?
What does Stanford use the camera for now?

@_date: 2001-08-23 20:24:13
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Airwave Anarchy: The revolution will not be texted 
The revolution will not be texted
(It's the last article, check Wed 21st Aug, Special Reports for more
The Philippines claim they used text messages to help bring down the
last government. Their lack of respect for the present government has
led to demands controlling the use of text messages - a task Ian
Williams discovers is easier said than done
Channel 4 News ran this story on the SMS craze engulfing the
Philippines (oh those crazy Filipinos!) and the uncontrollable
rumourmongering(TM) of the new technological generation.
Spreading like wildfire from handset to handset, sex scandals about
leading party members (including one accused of being chased naked
through the Manila Hilton by an angry husband) have caused calls for
clampdowns by the afore mentioned.
Exaggerated reports of the Pope's demise even brought the Church into
the fray, calling for sanity (or "sanity") on the MISinformation Super
"Bob", who was expelled from college for spreading rumours about a
teacher, revealed that he sometimes sends upwards of 100 rumours a day
(but only when he has a _really bad_ day).  He operates using 3
unregistered SIM cards, buys pay-as-you-go credits and spends up to 6
hours a day tapping out messages.  Cellphones have been implicated in
organising the rallies that brought about the end of the last
government, and now the new government is feeling a cold breeze on its
One interviewed government official has called for mandatory ID when
you buy phone credits, likening this to "requiring a prescription when
you buy Viagra".  (Obviously he has his reputation to think of.)
This has relevance to those cellphone-mixmasters (WalkMasters? For
WalkerPunks?) that were discussed a few weeks ago.  What are the
chances of coding CypherSaber/RC4 for Java enabled cellphones (and I
don't mean for voice data!) and a little forwarding app?  We now have
a proven market.
The Pope is dead.  Long live the Pope!

@_date: 2001-07-05 18:46:18
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
THE BLACK "BLOC" The whole idea of a Black Bloc is that people wear all
black, and stay in a tight formation. If people don't stay in formation,
and wander around with large gaps in-between, well, that's not a black
bloc, that's a march of anarchists wearing black. A black bloc requires
that people stay tight and stay alert. In Cincinnati, we did very well
with this idea. People (for the most part) stayed tight and alert, and
there were very few instances where gaps became a problem. In DC (IMF
Protests), this was a *huge* problem. The Bloc was very loose, and a lot
of times, it seemed like people were not alert to what was going on.
This luckily didn't turn too ugly, but if the cops didn't have their
heads so far up their ass, they could have used that opportunity to
divide us and make mass arrests. We cannot allow any opportunity for
them to do that, an injury to one is an injury to all, remember.
BLACK BLOC ATTIRE Seattle was probably the most effective Black Bloc
we've seen in this country, and yet there was one glaring mistake that
the Black Bloc made. Their black bloc attire wasn't exactly anonymous.
It all boils down to this: Wearing a bandanna doesn't mean much if you
have blue hair and a huge "Aus Rotten" patch on your back. Part of the
purpose of a Black Bloc is to provide anonymity for it's members. You
are not doing yourself or your comrades any service by dressing in a
distinct way. Individuality is great and all, but sometimes it's okay to
ditch it for a few hours in order to avoid jail time. Cincinnati was
definitely better in this regard, but in order for a Black Bloc to truly
be effective, then that means that we should dress appropriately. This
means, black jeans or pants, black hooded sweatshirt, black shoes, and,
if necessary, plain black jackets. Face masks should be plain black,
whether bandannas or ski masks. Most black bandannas that are purchased
are black and white. This is not good. You're better off just cutting a
piece of plain black cloth into a bandanna shape.As the police and the
FBI learn more about anarchist culture, they're going to become much
better at singling people out based on patches or clothing. They didn't
have much experience with it in Seattle, which is why people were able
to get away with wearing patch-pants or other distinctive outfits, but
rest assured that they're getting better at it, which means that we're
going to have to get better at dressing properly.

@_date: 2001-07-13 06:11:53
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation (GPS convicts) 
Thank you.  We will now begin contacting these companys and asking whom
they have turned down for due to drug related convictions.  We hope to
have you under surveilance within a week.  This is PROTECTIVE
surviellance, mind you.  We just don't want you to make any mistakes
that you may regret later.
Big Bro

@_date: 2001-03-28 21:29:37
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 785 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-11 02:15:01
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Larry Ellison pushes national ID registry in WSJ 
October 8, 2001
Digital IDs Can Help
Prevent Terrorism
By Larry Ellison, the founder and CEO of Oracle Corp.
Since the Sept. 11 attacks, our country has been thrust into a debate over
how to root out terrorists while also maintaining our civil liberties. One
of the suggestions proposed, though not yet fully debated, is that of
national identification cards.
Many Americans instinctively fear that a national ID card would sacrifice
basic freedoms and compromise personal privacy. On the face of it, issuing
ID cards does seem a significant step. Trusting government to maintain a
database with our names, addresses, places of work, amounts and sources of
income, assets, purchases, travel destinations, and more, seems a huge
leap of faith.
But we should remember that these databases already exist, and that we
willingly helped in their creation. For years, companies like American
Express and Visa have been issuing cards and building up information on
millions of Americans. The databases they maintain are searched and sold
on a daily basis.
We should remember, too, that the government already tracks things -- lots
of things. Federal, state and local agencies issue Social Security cards,
driver's licenses, pilot's licenses, passports and visas. They maintain
thousands of databases to keep track of everyone from taxpayers and voters
to suspected terrorists.
And so the question is not whether the government should issue ID cards
and maintain databases; they already do. The question is whether the ones
we have can be made more effective, especially when it comes to finding
Do we need one national ID card? No. But the IDs that the government
issues -- such as Social Security cards -- should use modern credit card
technology. Do we need more databases? No, just the opposite. The biggest
problem today is that we have too many. The single thing we could do to
make life tougher for terrorists would be to ensure that all the
information in myriad government databases was integrated into a single
national file.
Today, every federal intelligence and law enforcement agency and all
manner of state and local bodies maintain their own separate databases on
suspected criminals. All these separate databases make it difficult for
one agency to know about and apprehend someone wanted by another agency.
That's why one of the Sept. 11 hijackers made it through U.S. passport
control, even though he had an outstanding arrest warrant in Broward
County, Fla. The FBI was searching for several other of the terrorists,
because CIA intelligence revealed they had ties to Osama bin Laden. Four
more were sought by the Immigration and Naturalization Service because
they were in the country illegally.
Such a national database, though a large undertaking, is possible. My
company, for example, has already offered to provide the necessary
software for free, and I'm sure other companies would pitch in with
hardware and support. It's important these donations be made with no
strings attached: The database would be maintained and run by the
government alone, with no question of corporations benefiting.
The uses of such a database would be significant. Airlines, for example,
could cross-check the names of passengers with names on a watch list. If
this had been done, many of the Sept. 11 terrorists would have been caught
before they boarded their flights.
Another challenge is tracking people with multiple or stolen identities.
The good news is that a national database combined with biometrics, thumb
prints, hand prints, iris scans, or other new technology could detect
false identities. Gaining entry to an airport or other secure location
would require people to present a photo ID, put their thumb on a
fingerprint scanner and tell the guard their Social Security number. This
information would be cross-checked with the database.
The government could phase in digital ID cards to replace existing Social
Security cards and driver's licenses. These new IDs should be based on a
uniform standard such as credit card technology, which is harder to
counterfeit than existing government IDs, or on smart-card technology,
which is better but more expensive.
There is no need to compel any American to have a digital ID. Some
Americans may choose to apply for a digital ID card to speed the airport
security check-in process. Some states might use digital IDs for their
next generation of driver's licenses. Companies might want to replace
their current hodgepodge of IDs with the new system. In fact, a voluntary
system of standardized IDs issued by government agencies and private
companies could prove more effective than a mandatory system.
We don't need to trade our liberties for our lives. By law, Fourth
Amendment protections against unreasonable search and seizure would govern
access to the national security database. The "probable cause" standard
will still have to be met.
Two hundred years ago, Thomas Jefferson warned us that our liberties were
at risk unless we exercised "eternal vigilance." Jefferson lived in an age
of aristocrats and monarchs. We live with the threat of terrorists getting
their hands on weapons with the capacity to destroy entire cities. Only by
giving our intelligence and law enforcement agencies better tools can we
expect to save life and liberty together.

@_date: 2001-10-12 05:23:34
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Sun's McNealy seeks national ID card, too 
from Thursday October 11 2:12 PM ET Sun Micro CEO Sees More Support for National ID
By Broward Liston
ORLANDO, Fla. (Reuters) - Scott McNealy, chairman and CEO of Sun
Microsystems Inc., said Thursday his long-held belief the United States
needs a national identity system has gained a lot of traction since the
Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
``This is more than a sea change,'' McNealy said to reporters at an industry conference in Orlando. ``I have not spoken to one person who hasn't flipped a switch to say, 'You're darn right, I want to know who's getting on a plane with me.'''
Sun developed the Java computer platform, which could someday provide the language needed for a smart-card identification system to deal with computers at airports, shopping malls, research facilities and other locations where McNealy said anonymity could prove dangerous.
``Absolute anonymity breeds absolute irresponsibility,'' he said. ``We need a thumbprint Java card in the hand of everybody in the country.''
Civil libertarians have heaped scorn on McNealy, but he dismissed their ``I'm tired of the outrage. If you get on a plane, I want to know who you are. If you rent a crop duster, I want to know who you are,'' he said.
McNealy said it would be the job of Congress to decide when people can be anonymous and when they cannot. He warned that the United States faces ``a huge efficiency tax'' for security if it does not adopt a simple system of ``Hiring 50 humans isn't going to solve that problem,'' he said.
McNealy appeared at a symposium sponsored by Gartner, the high-tech consulting and analysis firm. McNealy also responded to remarks made at the conference the previous day by Steve Ballmer, chief executive of Microsoft Corp.
Ballmer said Sun's Liberty Alliance Project, an identity authentication and authorization service meant to speed on-line transactions, ``has absolutely no probability of mattering to the world.''
Microsoft will compete with a similar service called Passport. Microsoft will go it alone on its service, while Sun is working with dozens of companies from eBay Inc. to General Motors Corp. McNealy said Thursday the number of partners could grow into the thousands. He said the strength of his system was that each partner would maintain its own customer list and could arrange data sharing with one another on their own terms.
``Hertz and United Airlines can work out their own deal instead of going
to Microsoft and saying 'How much do we have to pay you?''' McNealy said.
Microsoft believes its customer base of 120 million will make it dominant in the field. Sun is betting the flexibility of its system will make it more appealing to merchants.

@_date: 2001-09-01 16:41:17
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Anonymous Posting 
This was the remark I had in mind:
Tim May wrote on August 16, 2001:
I see now that "all Jews" mischaracterized your statement.  My
Cuts both ways, of course.  If the past is any guide, mostly the
innocent would die.
I've known very few Jewish people who believe God gave them Israel,
but it clearly has something to do with why that particular patch of
land was chosen.  Maybe it's the Schelling point of Zionism.  The area
is symbolically loaded for Jewish people, but the downside is that
it's important to other people as well.
Most Israelis that I've known see the religiously based Zionists as
crazies, especially the ones from the U.S.
Saying that Israelis are a certain way because there are people in
Israel with certain views is as reasonable as saying that Jim Bell is
a good guide to the cypherpunks.
The exact nature of Zionism seems hard to pin down, sort of like
defining a "cypherpunk".  It is clear that many Zionists are not
Agreed.  Many prominent Catholics have publicly declared that abortion
is murder.  Applying the same level of integrity as has been applied
in criminal trials of technical people, this could be seen as
What is insidious about charging people with organizational
involvement is that it bypasses the criminal justice system.  The
organization itself doesn't stand trial.  At the same time the members
are not charged with any specfic crime.
Thus, the trial can consist of little more than innuendo and the
defendant stands a good chance of conviction.  It is very close to
simple political repression.
But aren't you the one bringing up the racial purity theory here?
I've never known a Jewish person, and I've known many, who spent any
time worrying about the genetic purity of their Jewish descent.
Presumably they exist somewhere, but the breed is rare.  Some Jewish
people do seem to have long discussions about "What is a Jew (sic)?",
but they do not seem to be genetically driven.
I am having a little difficulty understanding what you mean by
"embracing the future".  This strikes me as a straw man, but perhaps
I'm not getting your point.
The Jewish community, even the Jewish religious community, does not
seem to have had any problem accepting scientific discoveries, which
one could describe as "embracing the future".  Many Christians,
Protestant and otherwise, have had serious problems in this
department.  For example, the theory of evolution was accepted without
a fuss.  Even in Jewish religious schools, the theory of evolution is
I think the idea behind going to Palestine and founding Israel was to
find a way to not be murdered any more.  After over 1000 years of
abuse ending with 2/3 of the group being killed, it doesn't seem
unreasonable that many of the survivors would conclude that it was
unsafe to live among Europeans.
My guess is that they figured they could just sort of push the Arabs
aside and after a bit of fuss, everybody would get used to the idea
and they'd have a country where they would have full political rights
and even own land without fears of confiscation.  Most peoples have
done exactly the same thing at some time or other.  And, there was
already a sizeable Jewish population in Palestine.
Do you believe that Jewish activities along these lines are more
offensive than similar activities by many other people?  If so, do you
find them offensive because they are so recent, or is it just the
unpleasant fact that American money is contributing to it?
Agreed.  I have better things to do with my money, too.
Here's my somewhat uninformed take on the Middle East:
Anything the U.S. is doing there is going to be related to oil.
Support of Israel gives the U.S. cards to play with the oil producing
countries.  If the oil producing companies are uncooperative, Israel
gets new cool weapons.  If they are cooperative, then the U.S. news
media start talking about the bad things the Israelis are doing.
When the oil producing countries complain, the answer is probably that
the Jewish lobby is so powerful that the U.S. has to support the
Israelis.  I believe that the Jewish lobby is powerful only to the
extent that they are allowed to be.  If they stood in the way of
U.S. policy to any significant extent, they would be curtailed.
Israel also plays a useful role for the oil producing governments -
they help keep the population unified.  A great deal of money flowing
into the area does not benefit the populations of the countries there.
For example, half of adult male Saudis are illiterate.  Keeping those
people focused on Israel keeps them from noticing where the money is
going.  Also, the rulers can accuse detractors of being Israeli spies.
I do not think U.S. support for Israel has much to do with
post-Holocaust compassion or with the desire to support a democracy in
the Middle East or with the Jewish lobby.
Yes, Jacobo Timerman ("Prisoner Without a Name, Cell Without a
Number") said the same thing a few years after he fled to Israel from
Argentina.  He made himself somewhat unpopular by questioning the
propriety of the invasion of Lebanon.  Some Israelis felt he was
ungrateful.  Sort of interesting because the original idea was that
everybody Jewish could consider themselves Israeli and therefore
gratitude would not be in order.  (A comparison could be made to the
Palestinian situation with respect to their alleged brother Arabs.)
Anyway, there is probably a well understood psychological phenomenon
at work.  Once somebody is abused, they will tend to find somebody
else, hopefully subordinate, to mistreat.
I've wondered whether this effect isn't related to explain Henry
Kissinger's criminality.  Kissinger lost two relatives in the
Holocaust, but in his political career he associated with and backed
people with less than pristine credentials.  For example, Nixon had
connections to war criminals associated with the Rumanian Iron Guard.
The military regimes Kissinger encouraged in South America tended to
have people with a certain admiration for the Third Reich.  The
policies pursued in Southeast Asia bear certain similarities to those
of the Nazis.
Timerman, incidentally, described himself as Zionist.
Literally the truth, although not exclusively. ;-)

@_date: 2001-09-15 22:29:51
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: C-SPAN on Pentagon Renovation 
Plans for the renovation of the Pentagon are being discussed on C-Span right now. Interesting sound-bites. Costs of replacing the Pentagon vs. rebuilding are the current topic.
The URL for the project reports a 500 error currently:
"The Pentagon is not compliant with fire safety codes; the Pentagon is not compliant with *any* codes." --Lee Evey, Pentagon Renovation Program Manager

@_date: 2001-09-18 18:40:46
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: SI - The End of Nations, Part 1 
Of course, with 5000 week-old bodies lying in the WTC wreckage there's
not much doubt that at least some Americans are spoiled.

@_date: 2002-01-09 14:10:13
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: Dear Declan 
mattd recently babbled incoherently:
"Liberty without socialism is privilege,injustice;
socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality."
Another dead russian. Why not Stalin?
"One death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic."
Still trying to define anarchy by your own anti-social agenda, eh matt?
"Let's all be anarchists, just like me!"
                    -- mattd

@_date: 2002-01-15 12:09:11
@_author: Anonymous Coredump 
@_subject: cryptography within 1000 ft of churches, schools, 
References: <20020115070011.11870.qmail
[The idiomatiche expressions do not translate well to
Babelfish. Imbarazzarlo towards the outside.]
It is certain. Impossible it is to urinate without striking the yard
of the temple or the game or the building or the school of the
government. In a city in where the pigs do not have any better thing
with doing than to give outside tickets the smokers who have ends when
fucking is even no ash tray around, it astonishes the drain-heart of
some kisses would think that it is necessary. Who wishes to bet that
this asshole has its own security, uniforms in safe Irvine?
At least it gives twit the advantage of the complete quotation:
"In this time of crisis, most of us can't lift a pick and shovel to
aid the rescue effort. We can't shoulder a gun to fight the enemy,"
said Chris Mears, an Irvine attorney leading the campaign [to fly to
New York on Veterans Day to spend money there]. "We view this as an
act of economic patriotism."
