
@_date: 2003-12-10 13:13:09
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: members 
I'm curious. You say the list got some 400+ members right now and that's only the lne node too. Can you provide some statistics on the users? How many addresses are .gov? Any valid TLA addresses in there?!

@_date: 2003-12-15 20:06:12
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Crosspost from nettime:
If symbols really do matter we might conclude that American
administration's PR machine has got it badly wrong. In the carefully
orchestrated news management of Saddam's capture, once again, the public
opinion which *really* matters in the middle east: Arab public opinion,
has been conclusively misread
The image of an Arab leader (however terrible) being objectivised by a
white gloved American medic like a bug on a lab bench, will not be read in
the Arab world as a moment of liberation. It will be seen as a special
kind of humiliation, the kind which typifies the depth of ignorance which
has inspired this campaign from its outset. Once again the images (chosen
with great care one imagines, given the time lapse between Saddam's
capture and the John Wayne style triumphalism of the announcement) treats
Arab opinion to a further demonstration of the power of the west to
objectivize the world under a coolly scientific gaze. In this context no
mediaeval torturer could have conceived of a greater humiliation than the
medical torch's pencil thin beam illuminating the inside of the tyrant's
A stupidity of almost incomprehensible proportions seems bent on
prosecuting a war against terror in which the twenty-four hour news
machine is mobilized to disseminate images that do little more than fan
the flames of hate.

@_date: 2003-12-18 05:40:34
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
I think you might have forgotten about the other half the system, due process. Even if you "KNOW" something, you've got to go through the motions.

@_date: 2003-12-19 10:14:00
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Has Saddam recieved a lawyer yet?
Will Saddam be judged by a court having jurisdiction and being recognized internationally?

@_date: 2003-06-19 16:39:14
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Destroying government computers 
We must not wait while dangers gather. They are either with us on computer security, or they are with the terrorists. We know they have these weapons for mass communications destruction and disruption and they have used them before. Preemptive actions are insufficient. Preventive actions are a right of self-
defense. Isn't that the current world view legitimized by the US government? We don't sit still when a would-be attacker moves toward the cockpit, and there is no need to sit still waiting for our BIOS to be overwritten with nulls. Taking away offensive capabilities when potential attackers enter the concourse or trespass upon the chattel of our computers seems only reasonable and fully supportive of national security and public policy. Since we can't know whether it is our friends and heroic protectors, or terrorists, who are trying to destroy our communications, kill all the dangerous, evil machines that connect and let God sort them out.

@_date: 2003-06-19 22:56:22
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Destroying computers 
Yes, a little more. Do you mean "southern Utah"?
Hey, any stereotype in a storm, eh?

@_date: 2003-06-20 19:25:55
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: I love announcements like this 
How about this news from China. Looks like Ashcroft has the same process underway here. Maybe it is modelled on our "partner in freedom", China.
Papers, please!!
Hostages of the State
A murder that shocked the nation exposes the brutality of China's system of extrajudicial detentions
BY SUSAN JAKES / BEIJING CHINA PHOTO/REUTERS
Sun Liusong's son, Sun Zhigang, was beaten to death in a detention center in March 2003 Had it ended differently, Sun Zhigang's life might have been a testament to his country's progress. The 27-year-old carpenter's son had worked his way out of a remote village in China's central Hubei province to a university in the provincial capital of Wuhan. He graduated with an arts degree, then later moved to Guangzhou, landing a job as a graphic designer and the chance to make a home in new China's glittering boomtown. But three weeks into his new life, Sun's luck ran out. On his way to an Internet cafi, he was stopped by police and asked for his ID. When Sun said he had left it at home, the police took him to a nearby station. By the next day when his boss and friends showed up with the necessary papers, Sun had been transferred to a detention center for vagrants. Two days later, on March 20, he was dead, the victim of a brutal beating in the center's infirmary.
Last week, in a highly secretive trial, a Guangzhou court meted out harsh punishmentsincluding two death sentencesto those deemed to be the culprits in Sun's death. They included a nurse alleged to have ordered other inmates to beat Sun, and the inmates accused of complying. But the major accomplice in Sun's death got off free. The bulk of the blame for Sun's death ought to fall on a little-known system of administrative detentionthat is, detention outside of the criminal justice systemwhereby Chinese citizens can be locked up merely for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. "Custody and repatriation," as the system is euphemistically called, exists to enforce laws that keep impoverished rural dwellers from overcrowding the country's more prosperous cities. Officially, custody-and- repatriation (C.-and-R.) centers are responsible for detaining vagrants, beggars and those who lack permits to live in cities, and returning them to their hometowns. In reality, say human-rights experts and those who have experienced the system firsthand, it's a terrifyingly arbitrary and routinely abused tool of state power that, at its worst, amounts to little more than a police-enforced kidnapping-and ransom

@_date: 2003-11-20 00:03:58
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Ashcroft's bake sale, no questions allowed, gvt-issued 
Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com) wrote on 2003-11-19:
To a non native speaker, this phrase seems to imply a scary
level of control over the media people. "There will be no questions. Dissenters will be shot on the spot."

@_date: 2003-10-31 20:21:08
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: radiusnet archives 
Maybe not "dead"
Registrant:    Ultimate Search    GPO Box 7862    Central, HK na    HK    Registrar: NAMESDIRECT    Domain Name: RADIUSNET.NET       Created on: 12-AUG-03       Expires on: 12-AUG-04       Last Updated on: 30-AUG-03    Administrative, Technical Contact:       Support, DNS  dns at ultsearch.com       Ultimate Search       GPO Box 7862       Central, HK  na       HK       852 2537 9677    Domain servers in listed order:       NS1.ULTSEARCH.COM       NS2.ULTSEARCH.COM But it looks like the domain was first registered in 2003 (recently!)
so the hacker/crypo guys must have dumped it a few years ago thus
making it available again. Someone doesn't want us to be able to view the old contents
On  this is
In  this is placed:
By explicitly excluding the ia_archiver bot from the contents they
are making the contents excluded from the archiv.org archives for
both "versions", regardless of whether the old owners wants that or
Maybe the archive.org people should implement a feature not making it
possible to exclude old contents by taking over the domain and simply
putting in the robots.txt on the root?!
Maybe the Wayback Machine should only honor robots.txt for old
contents if the ownership of the domain in question has been
inchanged during the period in question. Every time an ownership
change is done all old contents would be blocked/protected from

@_date: 2003-09-08 21:32:41
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: another fake e-gold site needs data 
...Lots of data...
Save as plain text anything.html on desktop and drop onto a browser.

@_date: 2004-04-08 23:16:13
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: voting 
Perry Metzger writes, on his cryptography list:
On the contrary, the adversarial method is an extremely *weak* source
of security in a voting system.
In the first place, it fails for primary elections where there are
multiple candidates, all of one party, running for a position.  It's not
unusual to have a dozen candidates or even more in some rare cases (the
California gubernatorial election, while not a primary, had hundreds of
candidates running for one seat).  It is impractical for each candidate
to supply an army of representatives to supervise the voting process,
nor can each polling place accommodate the number of people required.
In the second place, it fails for elections with more than two parties
running.  The casual reference above to representatives "on each
side" betrays this error.  Poorly funded third parties cannot provide
representatives as easily as the Republicans and Democrats.  We already
know that the major parties fight to keep third party candidates off
the ballots.  Can we expect them to be vigilant in making sure that
Libertarian and Green votes are counted?
In the third place, tampering has to be protected against in each and
every voting precinct.  Any voting station where the voting observers
for one party are lax or incompetent could be identified in advance and
targeted for fraud.  Given that these observers are often elderly and
have limited faculties, such frauds are all too easy to accomplish.
It's baffling that security experts today are clinging to the outmoded
and insecure paper voting systems of the past, where evidence of fraud,
error and incompetence is overwhelming.  Cryptographic voting protocols
have been in development for 20 years, and there are dozens of proposals
in the literature with various characteristics in terms of scalability,
security and privacy.  The votehere.net scheme uses advanced cryptographic
techniques including zero knowledge proofs and verifiable remixing,
the same method that might be used in next generation anonymous remailers.
Given that so many jurisdictions are moving towards electronic voting
machines, this is a perfect opportunity to introduce mathematical
protections instead of relying so heavily on human beings.  I would
encourage observers on these lists to familiarize themselves with the
cryptographic literature and the heavily technical protocol details
at  before passing judgement on
these technologies.

@_date: 2004-04-23 12:34:55
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Blind signatures with DSA/ECDSA? 
Hash: SHA1
Often people ask about blind DSA signatures.  There are many known
variants on DSA signatures which allow for blinding, but blinding "plain"
DSA signatures is not discussed much.
Clearly, blinding DSA signatures is possible, through general purpose
two party multi-party computations, such as circuit based protocols.
However these would be too inefficient.
I believe that the technique of Philip MacKenzie and Michael
K. Reiter, Two-Party Generation of DSA Signatures, Crypto 2001,
 can be adapted for blind DSA
signatures that would be reasonably efficient.  The problem they solved
was different in that both parties had a share of the private key, and
there was no effort to hide the message hash being signed or the (r,s)
signature values.  However the same basic idea should work.
The scheme uses a homomorphic encryption key held by the first party,
Alice, who is the one who will receive the signature.  Bob is the signer.
The homomorphic encryption system allows Bob to take an encrypted value
and multiply it by a constant known to him; and also to add two encrypted
values together.  (That is, Bob can produce an output cyphertext which
holds the result.  He does not learn the result.)  Suggested cryptosystems
with the desired properties include those from Paillier; Naccache and
Stern; or Okamoto and Uchiyama.
Alice starts with the message hash H, and knows the public key parameters
y, g, p and q.  Bob knows the private key x such that y = g^x mod p,
where q is the order of g.  DSA signatures are computed by choosing a
random value k mod q and computing r = g^k mod p mod q; z = 1/k mod q;
s = x*r*z + H*z mod q; with (r,s) being the signature.
For the protocol, Alice and Bob will compute k as multiplicatively
shared, with Alice knowing k1 and Bob knowing k2, where k1*k2 = k mod q.
We start, then, with Bob (the signer) computing r2 = g^k2 mod p and
sending that to Alice.  Alice computes r = r2^k1 mod p mod q = g^(k2*k1)
mod p mod q = g^k mod p mod q.  Alice and Bob also compute z1 = 1/k1
mod q and z2 = 1/k2 mod q respectively; then z = 1/k mod q = z1*z2 mod q.
Alice uses the homomorphic encryption and produces a = E(r*z1) and
b = E(H*z1).  She sends these to Bob along with some ZK proofs that the
values are well formed.  Bob uses the homomorphic properties to multiply
the plaintext of a by x*z2 and the plaintext of b by z2 and to add them,
along with a large random multiple of q, q*d, where d is random mod q^5:
c = a X (x*z2) + b X z2 + E(d*q).  Here X means the operation to multiply
the hidden encrypted value by a scalar, and + is the operation to add two
encrypted values.  Bob sends c back to Alice.
Alice decrypts c and takes the result mod q to recover
s = r*z1*x*z2 + H*z1*z2 = x*r*z + H*z mod q, the other component of the
DSS signature.  She can verify that Bob behaved correctly by checking that
(r,s) is a valid DSS signature on H.
For a quick security analysis, Alice is clearly safe as Bob never
sees anything from her but some encrypted values, and his k2 share of
k is uncorrelated to k itself.  In the other direction, Bob has to be
concerned about revealing x.  He is given two encrypted values and has to
multiply one by x*z2 and the other by z2 and add them.  If the encrypted
plaintexts are u and v, this produces (u*x + v) * z2.  This value is
completely uncorrelated with x, mod q, because of the multiplication by
z2 which is uniformly distributed.  Then adding the large multiple of q
should effectively hide the value of x.  For strictly provable security
it may be necessary for Alice and perhaps even Bob to provide some ZK
proofs that they are behaving correctly.
The system is reasonably efficient, the main issue being the need to be
able to PK encrypt values as large as q^6, which for DSS would be 6*160
or 960 bits.  That would require a Paillier key of about 2K bits which
is very manageable.  The total cost is about 9 modular exponentiations of
2K bit values to 1K bit exponents, plus whatever ZK proofs are necessary.

@_date: 2004-12-07 10:00:51
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
Steve Thompson:
    The page clearly states that the enhanced version was not in the
public domain or owned by the government, it was a completely new
version and the development was not funded by the government. The old
one was for 16 bit architecture whereas the new one was for 32 bit.
    ALL electronic devices emits signals that you can intercept and
obtain information from. Whether or not you can extract much useful
data or not depends, but generally you can always extract something.
This is a vast field and it's hard to generalize. I have personally
attended tests at a firm working for the military in a western
European country and I've seen how extremely easy it is to do remote
classic tempest-reading of the screen of a lap-top, to name only one
example. The equipment easily fits in only a station wagon. Generally
this is really hard to protect yourself from. Let's say you build
yourself a bunker and put your computer inside it but you forget to
run it on batteries, then you'll find out that signals will be
carried out on the electric cord entering your bunker and they'll be
readily readable outside anyway. You can't have any kind of opening
in and out of that bunker, not even for ventilation, so you see this
is hard to do.
    Maybe they built in other forms of remotely usable back-doors
too, just in case there were able to make contact with the computer
remotely over some network. This makes sense too, since one or two or
those computers surely were less protected.
    Some people falsely believe that only CRT screens can be read
remotely using TEMPEST techniques, this couldn't be more false, in
fact one of the test managers I spoke to said he thought it was
easier with TFT type monitors. Also remeber that we're not just
talking about monitors, many other devices emits interesting and
potential useful informaation: faxes, printers, networking hardware
    Those PROMIS people built in hardware on the motherboards that
emitted signals using a kind of jumping frequency technique. If you
have the key giving you he answer to how the frequencies are changed
you can easily intercept the data otherwise it becomes really hard to
do and esp hard to find out that there's anything emitting in the
first place - it looks like noise. The purpose of this was so that
they could sell the whole package, the PC with the software
pre-installed to customers and then they could sit in their wan down
the street and record.
It's no only happening in the movies you know :)
    BTW: I would also be interested in some more comments on Michael
Riconosciuto as a person, doesn't anyone have an opinion or know of
interesting info in this regard? Are there any books written by him
or by people on "his side" of the story?

@_date: 2004-12-11 23:50:34
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Steve Thompson 
Out of nowhere cometh Steve Thompson, and sayeth he all manner of things.  But, while his mouth moveth one way, he seemeth to move the other.
What hath suddenly attracted our AUK creep?

@_date: 2004-01-03 11:01:45
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: DoS-ing fatherland goons 
If we put aside the probable and obvious cause for disrupting the air traffic - namely, introduction of the permanent emergency state (in the future 2-3% of all flights may be affected - small price for maintaining the power), I wonder what are the logistics of injecting false information into the snooping systems.
Most of those are automated and prone to false alarms.
Few ideas:
- Orchestrated credit card purchases under proper "suspicious" conditions ("travelling without husband" - check today's news).
- No shows at US-bound flights. Extremely efficient use of economy class fare.
- Orchestrated telephone conversations using codewords ("thw worm will meet the apple on monday")
- Ordering tens of almanacs, etc.
Some simple scanning around these ports will reveal what is effective and what is not. Bearing in mind that basic TCP/IP protocols, servers and clients, after years of fixing, are still vulnerable to new attacs I doubt that pinheads on the TLA payrolls will be able to fix theirs.
The beauty of these attacks is that they can be launched by any entity - from ragheads to governments, and next to impossible to trace if done properly.

@_date: 2004-11-11 10:16:11
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: nyms being attacked by malware 
I've noticed a very high increase of incoming virii and malicious code of
various sorts to one of my nyms. Since the nym is not used anywhere
publically I really wonder if these are deliberate attacks to try to
compromise the machines of people using nyms to protect their identity. Is
this something that's a known strategy somehow? Obviously it could also be
that the nym was previously used by someone else online and that's partly
why it would be interesting to hear other's comments on this.

@_date: 2006-09-29 03:25:57
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Palladium is back. And this time, it's... 
In the past few weeks new information has come out on the Trusted
Computing (TC) front which provides clues to where this powerful
and controversial technology may be heading.  Much of this has come
from Intel, which has revealed more information about their LaGrande
technology, now un-codenamed to Trusted Execution Technology.  A good
source of links is the Hack the Planet blog, - scroll down to the September 25 entry.
LaGrande was originally designed as the hardware support for Microsoft's
now-defunct Palladium, relating to the differences between Palladium and
TCPA (now called TCG).  Both technologies relied on the TPM chip to take
measurements of running software, report those measurements remotely via
trusted attestations, and lock encrypted data to those measurements so
that other software configurations could not decrypt it.  These are the
core capabilities which give TC its power.  But there were important
differences in the two approaches.
TCPA was focused on a measured boot process.  As the system boots,
each stage would measure (i.e. hash into the TPM) the next stage before
switching control to it.  At the end of this process the TPM's Platform
Configuration Registers would hold a "fingerprint" of the software
configuration that had booted.  With a TPM-aware OS the PCRs could be
further updated as each program launches to keep an up-to-date picture
of what is running.
Palladium instead wanted to be able to switch to "trusted" mode in mid
stream, after booting; and wanted to continue to run the legacy OS while
new applications ran in the trusted area.  LaGrande Technology (LT,
now TET), in conjunction with new TPM capabilities offered in the 1.2
chips now available, would provide the support for this "late launch"
concept.  Palladium is now gone but Intel has continued to develop
LaGrande and has now released documentation on how it will work, at
Late launch starts with the OS or the BIOS executing one of the new
LT instructions.  This triggers a complex sequence of operations
whose purpose is to load, measure (ie hash into the TPM) and launch a
hypervisor, that is, a Virtual Machine Monitor (VMM).  The hypervisor can
then repackage the state of the launching OS as a Virtual Machine (VM)
and transfer control back to it.  The OS has now become transparently
virtualized and is running on top of the VMM.  The VMM can then launch
secure VMs which execute without being molested by the legacy OS.
Another enhancement of LT is that the chipset can be programmed to prevent
DMA access to specified memory areas.  This will close a loophole in
existing VMM systems, that VMs can program DMA devices to overwrite other
VMs' memory.  This protection is necessary for the TC goal of protected
execution environments.
Both VMWare and Xen are getting involved with this technology.  As the
blog entry above says, Intel donated code to Xen a few days ago to support
much of this functionality, so that Xen will be able to launch in this
way on TET machines.  Another link from the blog entry is an amazing
Intel presentation showing how excited the NSA is about this technology.
Within a couple of years they will be able to acquire Commercial Off
the Shelf (COTS) systems configured like this, that will allow running
multiple instances of OS's with different security classifications.
The slides show a system running two versions of Windows, one for Secret
and one for Top Secret data, appearing in separate windows on the screen.
Xen or VMWare with TET will be able to do this very soon if not already.
Here's Intel's description of how software might be configured to use
this capability, from their "Trusted Execution Technology Architectural
Overview" linked from the LaGrande page above:
To anyone who studied what was known as Palladium, this will sound
strangely familiar.  It is exactly how Microsoft described their system,
with the legacy side and the secure side, and applications that would
somehow straddle the two.
So we see, with Intel's release of LaGrande (4Q06), Palladium is back.
And this time, it's Xen!  Xen is already enhanced to virtualize the TPM
chip, and has further plans to add capabilities to measure VMs as they
load and execute.  TET will only improve this functionality and allow
for full Palladium capabilities in the near future.
It's ironic that opponents of TC frequently claimed that one of its goals
was to destroy open source software, when here today we see that it is
in the open source world that TC is thriving.  Xen has support for it,
the 2.6 Linux kernel has built-in TPM drivers, the trousers.sf.net project
provides a robust Trusted Software Stack implementation for TPM access,
and numerous research projects have investigated adding other TPM hooks
within the Linux kernel.  See also the recent controversy over Linus
Torvalds' break with the FSF over their efforts to put anti-TC clauses
into the new GPLv3.
Now it appears that all the capabilities of Palladium, the technology
people thought was going to be so evil, will be present in the friendly
face of Linux and Xen.  Maybe this will finally cause the unwashed masses
to stop believing the easy lies which have been fed to them for so long
about the nature of TC, and look a little deeper at a technology with
great power and potential.

@_date: 2012-05-01 21:15:31
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Bitcoin Erased my Bank Account??? 
How did BitCoin Erase my Bank Account?
We just confirmed that the psuedo-not-financial holdings company BitCoin, which had a data security problem a few months ago, has prevented us from receiving email notifications from our banks and some other financial/personal-information/billing systems...
HOW DOES A FAKE CURRENCY COMPANY WHO GENERATED A DATA-LEAK NOTIFICATION GET EVERYONE'S BANK ACCOUNTS SHUT DOWN IN THE REAL WORLD?
Time to create a New Haven Co. specifically to take down global financial institutions in this manner!

@_date: 2014-04-03 19:53:32
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: TROLL ALERT!!(cari machet our resident soft in the head fake indian	 
Cari Machet is our resident soft in the head fake indian leftist who cant spell!!
DONT expect logic or rational thought from this entity..
       anon

@_date: 2014-04-05 15:47:29
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: FAKE Indian TROLL ALERT!!(cari machet warning!) 
AND You BITCH are a thieving Looter
Time to DOX you and turn over all to the passport authorities/NSA!!
      FUCK you Cari Machet - fake indian

@_date: 2014-04-05 15:57:42
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: FAKE Indian Cari Machet Posts RANT by WELL KNOWN Capitalist TC May.. 
U have to be the  most IGNORANT fake Indian on this list.. TC May is a WELL Known Libertarian Capitalist/Randist.. Cari you are such a fucking soft headed Moron!!
       what a fucking rube
        anon
time to post more DOX on Cari Machet!!

@_date: 2014-02-27 14:08:24
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Red Pike cipher 
typedef uint32_t word;
 CONST 0x9E3779B9
 ROUNDS 16
 ROTL(X, R) (((X) << ((R) & 31)) | ((X) >> (32 - ((R) & 31))))
 ROTR(X, R) (((X) >> ((R) & 31)) | ((X) << (32 - ((R) & 31))))
void encrypt(word * x, const word * k)
  unsigned int i;
  word rk0 = k[0];
  word rk1 = k[1];
  for (i = 0; i < ROUNDS; i++)
  {
    rk0 += CONST;
    rk1 -= CONST;
    x[0] ^= rk0;
    x[0] += x[1];
    x[0] = ROTL(x[0], x[1]);
    x[1] = ROTR(x[1], x[0]);
    x[1] -= x[0];
    x[1] ^= rk1;
  }
  rk0 = x[0]; x[0] = x[1]; x[1] = rk0;
void decrypt(word * x, const word * k)
  word dk[2] =
  {
    k[1] - CONST * (ROUNDS + 1),
    k[0] + CONST * (ROUNDS + 1)
  };
  encrypt(x, dk);

@_date: 2014-02-28 18:19:52
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: TEST TEST TEST MOTHERFUCKER!!! 
test... got an objection to test? improve your fucking spam filters you fucking idiots

@_date: 2014-02-28 23:45:14
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: time to set up the test amplifier script again :) 
damn bunch of fucking luddites.. whine piss and moan about test test test?? I will set up and run my "test amplifier" procmail script from the 1990's just for fucking with the whiners heads!
         fucking software wimps
         the "MEDUSA" tentacle ps been way too fucking quiet around here fuckwads are all at the RSA conference selling us out!

@_date: 2014-01-09 05:30:43
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: the idiot cari machet 
On being nice/polite to fucking driveling idiots
one word dont..
and those who make claims of being indigenous, pure blood etc "native american?
JUST more FUCKING RACE NAZI(s)!  what we are suppose to model for fucking
professional "victims" like Cari Machett?? Native Amerindian??
GIVE ME A FUCKING BREAK.. what? are we supposed to feel sorry for you
mother FUCKING IDIOT.. this list goes WAY BEYOND your fucking worry about who your unknown
 daddy was and the socialist fucking drivel you spout..
What fucking rock did you crawl out from under with your victim protests??
Debate a obvious socialist? like arguing with Xtians about how the calculate the number of
"Angels dancing on the head of a pin"
And libertarians are even worse!! Dont even get me started on that bitch Rand and her
follower greenspan :)
    ok I have insulted pure bloods, invoked godwins law made deliberate mispellings and
abused various soft in the head types. Now may I have a drink of water!!
          fucking idiots!!

@_date: 2014-01-09 20:10:07
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: FAKE INDIANS!!(substitute fake indian war cry) 
"am also cherokee for instancei"... uh huh and in an earlier mail you said:
"when my people hunted buffalo in the plains"
what fucking plains exist in north carolina, south carolina, georgia  or alabama or florida is what I would like to fucking know...
Cherokees were part of the five civilized tribes originally from those states till the
"trail of tears" to the oklahoma terrotiry where the remaining surviving  Cherokee,
Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, and Seminole were placed on reservation(Indian territory).
(my melungugeon/choctaw father came from same).
. ALL of these tribes are southeast indian tribes for the unknowledgeable.no plains near the southeastern states.
NONE of these tribes  inhabited the plains  with buffalo.
such is a complete fiction spun out of whole cloth by what is now revealed to be a LIAR...
   gettin JUST like usenet I would say..
   fucking fakes...
if your ancestors were in fact enrolled members of one of the 5 civilized tribes...
why doesnt your family name appear on either the dawes(all 5 tribes) or the baker 1924 or the baker revised roll  lists at
Hint for fakes.. MY family name is there on card 220X..on the dawes treaty list... where the fuck is "machet" found?(it is NOT found I checked).
Did you think EVERY one you meet would simply take your claim of indian ancestry without investigation?
you are living in a dreamworld white girl... get off the drugs stop fantasizing and get thee to a therapist to find out why you cant seem to tell the truth.
Consider this an interventon by reality and the truth...
       bitch ass white fucking cunt

@_date: 2014-01-09 21:10:46
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: FAKE INDIANS!!(substitute fake indian war cry) 
"am also cherokee for instance"... uh huh and in an earlier mail you said:
"when my people hunted buffalo in the plains"
what fucking plains exist in north carolina, south carolina, georgia  or alabama or florida is what I would like to fucking know...
Cherokees were part of the five civilized tribes originally from those states till the
"trail of tears" to the oklahoma terrotiry where the remaining surviving  Cherokee,
Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, and Seminole were placed on reservation(Indian territory).
(my melungugeon/choctaw father came from same).
. ALL of these tribes are southeast indian tribes for the unknowledgeable.no plains near the southeastern states.
NONE of these tribes  inhabited the plains  with buffalo.
such is a complete fiction spun out of whole cloth by what is now revealed to be a LIAR...
   gettin JUST like usenet I would say..
   fucking fakes...
if your ancestors were in fact enrolled members of one of the 5 civilized tribes...
why doesnt your family name appear on either the dawes(all 5 tribes) or the baker 1924 or the baker revised roll  lists at
Hint for fakes.. MY family name is there on card 2201..on the dawes treaty list... where the fuck is "machet" found?(it is NOT found I checked).
Did you think EVERY one you meet would simply take your claim of indian ancestry without investigation?
you are living in a dreamworld white girl... get off the drugs stop fantasizing and get thee to a therapist to find out why you cant seem to tell the truth.
Consider this an interventon by reality and the truth...
       bitch ass white fucking cunt

@_date: 2014-01-12 20:14:42
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: FBI trap? 
The recent posting by david advertising both a hidden and a real world address
may reflect a growing awareness of either the american FBI or of the NSA TAO
of constructing digital evidence trails for conspiracy to murder public officials..
I DONT trust onion.lu nor do I trust gandi.net not to log all queries
besides they DONT have a way to add to the list, the richly deserving but unamed
wizards behind the curtains.. those in congress, the presidency and the judiciary
who carry the NSA's water. Such as our current veep who began very visibly in 1991 to support the NSA with SB266 and finishing off with the atrocity that is bluffdale utah

@_date: 2014-01-13 01:35:30
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: your death pool becomes a honeypot because of poor tradecraft 
as in the case of SILK ROAD and the SR2 honeypot..
poor tradecraft = working for the NSA/FBI/IRS
same effect to the now busted..
your transactions EASILY are visible at blockchain.info and walking the chain back
       sigh
again conspiracy to murder USG public officials will result in a worldwide manhunt
 WITH NSA assistance under EO 12333.. I am NOT saying dont do it.. I am saying be
 more fucking  careful about where you buy your bitcoin at and make sure it goes
 through a coin laundry a couple of times

@_date: 2014-01-13 04:21:16
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: FUCK SVEASOFT! Who the fuck uses dd-wrt anymore? Re: Tor now built 
sveasoft broke the GPL years ago.. and was FULL of security holes..
most smart folk moved to open-wrt years ago where tor is a compile away
also no fees $$$(SVEASOFT) for what is free software FUCK SVEASOFT!!
      fucking GPL Pirates and scammers

@_date: 2014-01-15 22:36:40
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: A90-217 the beginnings of the NSA-TAO in 1990s 
tracking down the bastards
How it started...
are the companies and folks who got your tax dollars to build equipment at the NSA's
bidding for TAO.. the whole SBIR was facilitated by DARPA is my unerstanding
sbirsource.com/sbir/awards/16634-computer-virus-electronic-counter-measure-ecm  this was the second award in 1992..
One of The research firm and name supplying these designs?
Software & Electrical Engineering
248 Walnut Street
Willimantic, CT 06226
Mr. Victor Civie
the beginnings of the NSA Tailored Access Operation began here in part
at least the ones der speigel is complaining about.. may have changed nowadays.. but here is the original culprit..
for those doing betting death pools I suggest Mr. Victor Civie  and those of his ilk as
one people would pay to nominate
from the description
Sophisticated Virus, Parasite and Resource Management systems are to be constructed to alter or report on the operation of a designated target. Specific systems include the Tape Worm, a low profile smart Parasite featuring comprehensive resource management operations, the Stealth Striker, an ultra low profile targeting virus, the Transport, an ultra low profile utility virus used to transport, load and excecute large programs and various surveillance and maintenance systems. Virus/Parasite objectives include securing a stable base, fixing, relocating and reproducing in teh target system, the ability to find and infect other systems, alter/record/monitor/recall computer operations, and alter/record/monitor/recall data and output. The effort will also produce a Code miniaturization strategy and apply the principals to the EMC programs. compact Task Oriented Routines are designed to create code to perform assigned tasks.
another winner of the Phase 1 grant was
Sparta, Inc.
23041 Avenida De La Carlota,, Suite 325
Laguna Hills, CA 92653
Principal Investigator
DOUG PRICE

@_date: 2014-01-16 06:36:45
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: gpg/pgp cli vs 15 years later, why can Johnny still not encrypt? 
To be fair.. maybe it helps to examine the software environment extant at the time pgp was developed.. ie macos was the gui($$$$), AUX had just been abandoned by apple. of the day... and dos 3.0 , unix releases were SCO Microport and Interactive/ all based on Att 5.3.2 sources except for microport which was SVR4, Linux did NOT exist nor did crypto libraries bsd/386 was an unforfilled promise and almost no private individual could afford a sun pizza box to run bsd  and xenix was $$$$.. same for qnx(and non standard to boot).
. Almost EVERYTHING was command line dos windows 3.0 was just starting to become available
pgp 1.0 cli structure was loosely based on CryptMaster(an earlier paid product).
ie pgp 1.0 was posted/published from a tandon 60 laptop(i386) running a dos command line version of uucp. and additionally fido and sdn clients on the morning of june 5, 1991 from Santa Cruz,Ca.(this after weeks of prediscussion on the WELL...) then additional copys were posted from random upload points all over silicon valley for the next 96 hours.(yes the van/payphone part of the tale is true also, although the payhones wiring was generally directly accessed using a testset to allow connection of a trailblazer modem(preferred for 19.2kb uploads via uucp to usenet.)
     pgp 2.0 continues on from there and currently gnupg is the cli choice of script and integration...(albeit with several flaws security and cryptowise.)
pgp/gpg never was designed for ANYthing but CLI/script/filter/inline usage in the freeware opensource versions and typically people are incompetent at using CLI by far and large(even so called CS students)...
> ---------- Forwarded message ----------

@_date: 2014-01-16 23:02:16
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Requesting Removal of CARI MACHET/FAKE INDIAN from cypherpunks.. 
subject should remove herself for being softheaded to the point of confusing herself
Cari Machet is also believed to be working undercover for the NSA

@_date: 2014-01-17 05:35:08
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: name machet NOT found at	 
its real simple I dont like fakes lets see  you committed an act of battery against a german police officer while claiming to be be a cherokee american indian/aboriginal, to wit you admitted in a  public
forum that you committed the act of assault(fighting with a police officer)
violating section 113.1 of the German criminal code.
"Whosoever, by force or threat of force, offers resistance to or attacks a public official or soldier of the Armed Forces charged with the enforcement of laws, ordinances, judgments, judicial decisions or orders acting in the execution of such official duty shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine."
as the punishment is up to 2 years by american legal standars you have committed a
felony and blamed my racial group in doing so..
This in a legal jurisdiction notorius  for historically pursuing racial profiling/purity etc and track same in their national police intelligence systems.
You are no better that any other white racist in blackface/redface makeup.. except in
this case you chose to lie about your descent.
Membership in ANY of the indian tribes and familial band that are a registered tribe
with the USG is easily checked..
This was all setout by treaty after the american holocaust known as the trail of tears
when the nascent USG did their level best to exterminate my family and all of my
relations and by lineal descent moi.
I will point you to where the familial name machet appears on NONE of the tribes recognized by treaty(
which includes 4 seperate lists for the cherokee nation.)
SO if you are NOT a obsessive liar Cari machet either supply a familial name and
relationship to the tribal rolls or publically apologize to the Cherokee Nation
for having defamed same.. or suffer the consequences.. negative exposure in all tha
 media that a clever cypherpunk can reach in essence
Information Warfare Level - 1
 reputation capital reduction
publication of true and untrue negative statements about the target in question
with the intent that these public statement make their way into intelligence files
and dossiers kept by national/police/corporate security organization.
Also known as "dirtying up someones reputation", technique to get
someone investigated by DHS/IRS etc...
Paula Deen aint got nothing on you  bitch...

@_date: 2014-01-18 19:51:42
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: PROFESSIONAL VICTIM CARI MACHET...time for DOXING 
hmm seems like anonymous may have a new project
DOXING a fake indian/professional victim and publishing all of her sordid details
publicly.. perhaps public shame will cause modification of her behavour..
   for one thing though when you choose to announce 5 nations(civilized tribe) blood or membership as a way of winning discussions its like saying your great great grand
parents and ALL of their family were awoken in the middle of the night and force marched
2k+ miles without supplies or belonging in an affort to exterminate them deiberately
Do that around an actual descendant of the 5 nations and you will get checked out and backgrounded... again.. its not something for idle chitchat... other racial groups that have experience same such as the jewish "racial" grouping also keep track of holocaust survivor member names and descendants for reparation and claims,
By a similar token citizenship or kin ship with a member of an indian nation is taken quite seriously by a lot of us as in the case of Cherokee or Seminole band membership an
and reservation status may convey serious financial advantage or hardship(depending on which tribe)  ie for seminole or cherokee it may mean a share of casino profits and land
for choctaw band/nation indians it means getting included as part of Obummers new
plantation system (the choctaw nation was called out specifically)
for navajo nation bands it means your res is mined for Uranium and thorium
 and you get to have ALL your water supplies polluted by the white owned company
 that was given permission to invade and ruin what is essentially a foreign nation by the USG(this is present day)
SO a BIG FUCK YOU to CARI MACHET FAKE WHITE BITCH CLAIMING 5 nations membership
You and Paula Deen both should compare your makeup  REDFACE/BLACKFACE makeup
BITCHES AND CUNTS you BOTH are from the white establishment..
NO STUPID YOU DONT LOOK A BIT LIKE a CHEROKEE BAND INDIAN!
      BITCH

@_date: 2014-01-18 22:20:11
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: TROY BENJEGER TRIES TO GET IN PROFESSIONAL VICTIMS PANTS 
and your angling to get in the professional victims pussy is obvious..
whats the matter cant make the bad persons stop telling the truth about your girlfriend?
      fuck you troy benjeger
      cock blocking anonpeople
ps you give cypherpunks a bad name... pussy

@_date: 2014-01-18 22:43:38
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: cypherpunks and hackers who dont code? 
to the inmates:
    its seems we have a number of the intellectually lazy among us who either dont/wont
or in some way refuse to code.. yet they wish to call themselves cypherpunks and hackers.
     am I missing something here about these wannabe(s)

@_date: 2014-01-18 23:08:10
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: AHEM! Please dont feed the Troll(s)! 
seems every crop of new cypherpunks has to learn this lesson.
     Please DONT FEED the trolls here on cypherpunks.. dont repeat their subject lines
dont respond to them, ignore them and killfile them if possible so you are not tempted to respond to them. Trust me its like wrestling with a pig in shit. after a while you notice the pig is enjoying him/herself.
Anything you tell a troll will be used as more fuel for the fire.. trust me I have seen
this many times!
     the anon moderator

@_date: 2014-01-19 00:58:09
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Cari Machet 
I've been watching this shit throwing match between Troy and Cari for
the last few days and, let me just say, both of you need to GROW THE
FUCK UP. I don't give a rats ass if Cari is a 'real Indian' or just some
crazy bitch pretending to be one and I don't give a fuck if Troy is
offended by her pretending. This list is NOT the place for this bullshit. Get a room and fuck it out
or just take it off-list but keep us the hell out of it.

@_date: 2014-01-19 01:02:11
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Is JYA now a medical Cannabis patient? 
hi everyone,
Subject says it all, JYA has gotten rather loopy in his postings as of late
refuses to bow to Ft Meade and the blessed repository of crypto knowledge
our thought is the the NSA may be spiking/drugging his morning beverages
or perhaps he is newly a medical cannabis patient...
     one does wonder

@_date: 2014-01-19 04:21:56
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Updates on the Death Prediction Lottery 
Good work with the DPL! I visited the site a few weeks ago and saw it
was coming along very nicely. I do have a concern about buy-in costs
though. Are you planning on ever lowering the costs to cheaper than 1
bitcoin? At the current price, many can't afford to make a prediction.
If you lowered, more people would participate and the pool would grow
larger, more quickly.
Just a thought.
> Some updates to DPL.
from intelligence agencies.
the same death pool. Most names qualify for 75% of the pool funds, a few
for 100%.
that I might receive.

@_date: 2014-01-19 21:08:11
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Cypherpunks is NOT a safe place for fools 
To whom it may concern:
     Cypherpunks is NOT a safe place for fools.
People have gone to prison for years on here for making very foolish statements and
taking foolish actions.
You DONT know you are chatting with(Hi agent Gordon!)
Others are agent provocateur(s) posing as something else(social activists(and reporting to the
FBI/NSA etc))
     be afraid be very afraid

@_date: 2014-01-19 21:45:16
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Welcome to the Asylum! 
Hi All,
       I would add its NOT just a mailing list, it IS instead an insane asylum and experiment in social darwinism where reputation capitol has replaced wealth in the currency of the group.
     just my .02

@_date: 2014-01-20 15:19:52
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Infiltration / Exfiltration 
We cypherpunks live by the saying "cypherpunks code". But isn't it time
for more than just coding? We're in a very real digital war for the
freedom of the Internet, similar to what we faced in the 1990's but with
even more at stake and a better funded, better equipped enemy.
Isn't it time for infiltration? The cypherpunk community has some of the
best tech people (not just programmers) out there. We could easily get
jobs within government agencies and then help exfiltrate data out of
them into the hands of the public of civil rights agencies like the ACLU
in America.
I understand how distasteful working in the belly of the beast might be
but isn't it one of the most needed things cyperpunks can do right now?

@_date: 2014-01-20 20:53:10
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: training grounds and basic training for cypherpunks 
can the millenials get a clue? methinks maybe not  but as there may be one or two of them who are NOT soft in the head I invite those
to read  , where freedom of speech
comes in conflict with the tradegy of the commons, there were indeed a lot of valuable
lessons learned from detweilers actions and those in opposition to same.
     perhaps some millenials can get a clue about killfiles(course you take a chance of
 missing the creation of memes and subsequent modification of same and cypherpunks is
ALL about memes.)
While the whole snowden affair is most certainly interesting, cypherpunks do things
anonymously and pseudoanonymously, we have been embedded in some of the largest
government agencies as well as some of the largest and smallest corps.
Thing is for all the NDA and loyalty oaths you cant tell when someone comes over to the
darkside quietly nowaday especially if they were always using tor to browse anyway
and that of course in and of itself will come to be regarded as suspicious
Just as using PGP was always suspicious too few using it.. and a LOT of those on insecure platforms.
All the recent meme introduction both signal and noise memes have resulted in some interesting side discussions about censorship vs moderation which I suspect is what
 the postings were intended to produce.
        anon

@_date: 2014-01-20 20:57:17
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Infiltration/Exfiltration 
I'm talking about something slightly different here. With most of the
information on Cryptome, it looks like someone came across some
information and decided to exfiltrate it. They probably weren't
deliberately looking for it or had joined the agency for the specific
purpose of having access to and leaking such information.  In this case, I'm talking about actual infiltration: going in with the
explicit purpose of betraying the secrecy of the organization and
getting valuable data out of it.
I too wish the leaks would come at a faster pace. But I don't think
Snowden posting the leaks to, say, an FTP server somewhere would have
got any response. There are too many leaks with too much technical
jargon. Joe Average would have given up after the first four pages. What
the Guardian and other media outlets are doing is making the information
more accessible to people. I wish they'd do it more quickly, yes, but I
do think there is some value in what they're doing.
I'll admit here that I am not someone who believes that there should be
no secrets. I do believe keeping certain things secret, at least for a
little while, has value. But those things should respect civil and human
rights and adhere to the principles of the Constitution.  In too many
cases, Snowden and Ellsberg being prime examples, official secrecy was
used for no other reason than to cover up wrongdoing.  The "national
security" bullshit was just that - bullshit because they could.
That's why I think we need more deliberate infiltrators. People who are
well versed in the Constitution with a strong bend for civil and human
rights. People who don't buy into the bullshit but also see value in
some of the work being done. Someone who can filter through that and
find what needs to be exposed while still protecting what shouldn't be.

@_date: 2014-01-21 16:38:57
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: What more is there? [infil/exfil] 
> On Mon, Jan 20, 2014 at 2:57
PM, Anonymous Remailer (austria)
Unlikely, unless it's buried deep within files that Snowden took.
Remember, during his very first few interviews, he encouraged us to
continue to use encryption and made the statement "encryption works". He
also trusted RSA enough to use it to encrypt communications with
Greenwald and Poitris (sp?).
Very real possibility. Commercial tech is almost there. Assuming
government is 3-5 years ahead, they might well have that. But I really
don't see that as much of a threat.  It just saves analysts time.
Likely already being done. In fact, there seems to be some evidence that
this has happened in several instances.
Probably possible but not really feasible. Too difficult to filter even
using selectors. But I'm sure they're close. Still, there are ways to
communicate without generating useful metadata so it might not matter.
I'd say this is nearly guaranteed. In fact, I suspect this is why
Congress has been so slow to do anything about it. The NSA has them by
the balls. If you were running a large, illegal, operation, wouldn't you
first gather as much dirt on the people who could shut it down as possible?
Good point. You know what I'd like to see? I'd like to see code. I'd
like someone to drop the code to one of these massive systems online for
us to analyze. But I suppose documents and program details would be just
as useful.

@_date: 2014-01-22 02:08:39
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: The Enquirer 
THE CYPHERPUNK ENQUIRER
   "Just when we thought we were out, they drag us back in ..."
Recently reviewed documents leaked by Edward Snowden reveal that,
following the discovery of large quantities of pornography on hard
drives retrieved from the Abbottabad compound where Osama bin Laden
was assassinated, the NSA became concerned that al Queda was using
steganographic techniques to hide various communications within the
jpgs and animated gifs, and began a program (known internally as
'Project Creampie') to collect all the pornography on the internet
into one giant database, presently located at the new NSA data
storage center in Bluffdale, Utah, that could be searched by
various interns and subcontractors. Progress has apparently been
slowed due to subcontractor Hewitt Packard's problems in designing
and building a computer keyboard impervious to "precious bodily
fluids". In response to the newly discovered NSA obsession with feelthy
peectures, the old al-queda.net NSA bait URL has been changed to
Responding to charges of 'language-ism', the Obfuscated C contest
opened itself to languages other than just C this year, and the clear
winner in the English category was our own John Young of cryptome.org.
"We don't have a clue what he's saying," the nominating committee
stated, "but we sure as hell know what he means." The judging
committee was impressed by Mr. Young's ability to be almost totally
incomprehensible while still getting his point across, and by the fact
that he had obviously attained bootstrap status, and in addition is
Turing complete. The debate over whether Mr. Young qualifies as P or
NP has yet to be resolved.
In a shout-out to the old DEFCON ritual of playing 'Spot the Fed',
the RSA Conference has announced a contest to 'Spot Tim May', the
winner receiving an 'I Outed Tim May' tee shirt and a personal
bodyguard for the conference duration. Interest appears to be
limited due to the boycott.
After a long absence, the Cypherpunks steering committee, due to
recent revelations about NSA spying, has once again opened One
Time Pad season. The early leader appears to be Ian Goldberg's (of UC
Berkeley's 'Glow in the Dark Campanile' fame) proposal to distribute
OTP bits via entangled photons, awaiting only Phillip Hallam-Baker's
work on developing a room-temperature Bose-Einstein condensate. Open
source programmers have already initiated a Kickstarter campaign to
develop a delivery method for the distribution of OTPs that would
avoid the internet completely and still be RFC 1149, 2549, and 6214
The NIST is facing further controversy following claims that it
intentionally 'backdoored' the Dual_EC_DRBG random number generator.
Now an IETF taskforce, after several months of study, has determined
that NIST's proposal to increase the security of a venerable UNIX
encryption algorithm by 'doubling the cycle length' actually makes
the algorithm more susceptible to cryptanalysis. Cryptographers are
recommending that all programs that use the new algorithm immediately revert to the old 'ROT13' standard.
Quote of the Week: "In conclusion, the main thing we did wrong when
designing ATM security systems in the early to mid-1980s was to worry
about criminals being clever; we should rather have worried about our
customers - the banks' system designers, implementers, and testers -
being stupid."
        Ross Anderson, "Security Engineering"
SCOTUS Justice Antonin Scalia was arrested yesterday and charged
with threatening to assassinate POTUS Barak Obama. Justice Scalia
was released 6 hours later after scientific vocal analysis of his
Skype call to Justice Samuel Alito revealed that his actual
statement was, "Let's kill the precedent". The FBI blamed the British
GCHQ for providing them a poor quality recording, to which a GCHQ
spokesperson replied that the recording was "exactly what the NSA
gave us". The Microsoft Corporation denied it provided any Skype
information to the NSA whatsoever via a press representative whose
trousers were quickly extinguished by an attentive aide.
Tonight on NSA TV - "Sexting with the Stars" Miley Cyrus and Lady
Gaga in hot girl-on-girl action! (security clearance 'Secret' or
above required)

@_date: 2014-01-26 08:15:49
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: mixmaster with 4096-bit RSA 
There is a mixmaster version that allows RSA keys of 4096 bits.
This is compatible with current s/w at size 1024 but for larger
keys uses additional HMAC integrity and AES encryption steps over the 3DES and MD5 already present.
Temporary test remailers are set up (do not use for real
sensitive traffic).  Test this new version and be ready for
remailer key upgrades.
This is the error legacy mixmaster generates with a large RSA key.
  $ fortune | ./mixmaster --chain=carrots -s test --to=abuse at carrots.org.uk
  Error: Encryption failed!
carrots carrots at carrots.org.uk ad5a9748f33dd704dc85ae1dd1287870 2:3.0.2 CNm 2013-11-06 2014-01-15
-----Begin Mix Key-----
-----End Mix Key-----
coconuts coconuts at coconuts.org.uk bb6cf51abe871947a759ecb5b97ffa3f 2:3.0.2 MCNm 2013-11-11 2014-01-30
-----Begin Mix Key-----
-----End Mix Key-----

@_date: 2014-03-17 16:51:31
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: MH370 in hangar at Diego Garcia, detainees already rendered 
The flight was hijacked by a non secured flightplan upload to the flight management system.
It was then flown to Diego Garcia, where the passengers were disembarked by force, the selectees from the passenger list are in one of the US navy brig ships anchored since
9/11 at Diego Garcia, "chatting" with CIA interrogators. Disposition of the other detainees passengers NOT known at the present. The statement released by the malaysian
gov is false. They know where the detainees are.
The adsb xmissions aboard the 777 are handled by an older subsystem and are NOT so easily silenced from the cockpit.
By the same token  the flight management system flight plan upload capability
 aboard boeing planes has been shown to be insecure and vunerable by security researchers
since the B737. The worst part of all is that the "simulators" for the FMS are a windows based program
that is linked with the libraries either representing the windows environment of the
simulator OR thet are linked with the "production" libraries to produce the FMS firmware
for use on the aircraft itself.
Thing about programming in a windows environment? ALL the fucking calls are unique to the Microsoft windows environment and NOT portable at all to other runtime environments,
UNLESS that runtime is windows based.. say like windows mobile(big flop) or a proposed
hypothetical environment I am going to call Windows PLANE. Windows PLANE would have inherited the same crappy programming environment that caused the US Navy to do an abrupt 180 turnaround prom putting its firecontrol and navigation systems under control of windows after a near disaster in the
 mid alantic caused by windows domain failuresa
Windows PLANE would have all the same flaws as the crappy laptop you like to lug around
Fucking Boeing, all of those windows development asshats that did this need killin'
for putting their personal profit ahead of the lives of millions who fly.

@_date: 2015-08-16 03:55:43
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: test mail 
SO is Cari Machet the same as Rachel Dolezal..
 ie is Cari a white lady in redface Small hint idiot machet is found on NON of the tribal rolls as a surname..
AND you DO look completely white!
and it seems you ARE delusional!
and white..
    please STOP embarassing yourself in public as some of us who are on the tribal rolls are calling you on your shit..
talk about cultural appropriation by a delusional white girl who hates herself..
you need to get professional help quickly for these delusions..
    anon

@_date: 2015-01-31 22:54:23
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Nafeez's Google History lacks US Customs & Secret Service 
Nafeez's Google History lacks US Customs & Secret Service Re Nafeez's convoluted Google history that neglects to mention altavista et al were seized by us customs and us secret service, held by marshalls until transfer to DHS.
You neglect one of the most important historical factors that merged the commercial civil indexing systems with other monitoring: altavista (and others) was seized by US Customs for illegal export and laundering of stolen copywrite content with US Secret Service for computer crimes. Result was bot indexing rules and Yahoo. ALL of the large search systems are state managed.
