
@_date: 2000-10-04 23:38:16
@_author: Opt-In List 
@_subject: CDR: Protect your Privacy 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
The COMSEC C3I (Patented) Telecommunications security device protects Telephone,
Fax and Computer Data communications "to a degree never before possible."
(Houston, Texas - October 2000)  COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY announces its (Patented)
COMSEC C3I Telecommunications security device. The COMSEC C3I can detect legal
and illegal remote extension drawn loop wiretaps anywhere on the local loop,
including at the Telephone Company's Central Exchange. Detect wiretaps the
Telephone Company cannot or will not acknowledge. Detect wiretapping professionals
and the Telephone Company cannot detect or will not acknowledge.
COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY's (Patented) COMSEC C3I Telecommunications security device
is the first and only security device that can detect electronically isolated
remote extension drawn loop wiretaps that previously had been undetectable. The
C3I can detect monitoring units placed on the local loop as well as detecting when
Computer Hackers, Government Agencies, Telephone Company employee's, etc.
manipulate the switch at the Telephone Company's Central Exchange to monitor
Telephone, Fax and Computer communications.
Key Product Features:
Protect Telephone, Fax and Computer Data communications "to a degree never before
possible". Detect eavesdropping previously undetectable.
COMSEC C3I  MSRP $475.00
Full background information and reviews available at: COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY, based in Houston, Texas has been providing custom
solutions since 1988. COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY, a privately held business, has
been successful in providing custom solutions.
COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY
5315D FM 1960 WEST  HOUSTON, TEXAS  77069
Phone: (281) 586-2034
Fax: (281) 754-4047
Email: sales at comsec-c3i.com
Web: This is not spam! Your address was purchased from a commercial email list provider who advertises that you have signed up and agreed to receive email. Every effort was taken to ensure list accuracy. You will not be contacted again from this list unless you reply with "More Info" in the Subject Line. This is a one time mailing, your address has been deleted. To remove your name from the commercial opt-in list you are on reply with "Contact Info" in the Subject Line and I will reply with the opt-in list contact information. PS Do not use the word "Spam" anywhere in your message or "Remove" in the Subject Line of your message or your reply will be automatically processed and permanently removed before I can respond with the list contact information.
