
@_date: 1994-12-19 14:26:28
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: freedom+diversity=noise 
This list appears to be going through some sort of crisis.  Tim May
has quit, others are threatening to quit, and the messages criticizing
the list itself threaten to outnumber those on all other topics!
Frankly, I don't get it.  What's everybody so upset about?  A few
arguments, some bad manners?  Can we afford to be so sensitive?  Now,
I admit I don't read every message posted here (who has the time?),
but I read a fair sampling, and I haven't seen anything half as bad as
what I face every day on the subway.  At least on this list, nobody
has ever pulled a weapon on me!  Personally I don't understand why
some people are so bothered by the noise here and elsewhere on the
nets.  Sticks and stones and all that, you know?
But a number of people here have even suggested that the Cypherpunks
list, at least in its present form, is near the end of its useful
life.  I would like to go on record as strongly DISagreeing with that
suggestion.  Sure, I wish we were making more progress faster, but I
think we are doing better than many of us realize.  The job is not an
easy one, and in my experience, I have found that difficult jobs
demand perseverance above all other virtues.
However, it seems that every time a forum, list, newsgroup or whatever
becomes too popular, it reaches a "critical mass" at which people
start complaining that everything is ruined, and soon thereafter the
forum splinters and/or switches to a moderated format.  Thinking about
the phenomenon, I came up with the following brilliant (ahem)
generalization, which I humbly dub "mkj's law":
                 FREEDOM + DIVERSITY = NOISE
Where "noise" is defined as any behavior(s) which a significant
portion of the group finds undesirable.  The above law appears to
apply not only to network forums, but equally well to other types of
social groups.  (Note for example that mkj's law is inextricably
linked with the old amateur-radio principle, "One Man's Signal is
Another Man's Noise".)
Mkj's law has disturbing implications, in that "noise" (which is
normally considered a Bad Thing) is shown to be an inevitable
consequence of the combination of freedom and diversity (which are
normally considered Good Things).  Mkj's law also states that there
are only two ways to reduce the noise in any group: (1) Crack down on
freedom (impose controls on behavior, the job of police in the
physical realm or moderators/censors in the informational realm); or
(2) Crack down on diversity (usually by restricting group membership,
or perhaps by other means such as strong charismatic leadership).
Note that this "mkj's law" stuff is a first-draft, brand-new idea for
me; I'm not taking a firm position, just soliciting comments.
ObCrypto-Philosophy: Clearly, at the root of the Cypherpunks agenda --
or any pro-privacy agenda -- lies a presumption that freedom and
diversity are Good Things, whereas "noise reducers" like censorship,
prejudice, and intrusive law-enforcement are Bad Things.  I share this
presumption.  But it might be an interesting exercise to ask: If we
can't accept with good grace the current noise on the Cypherpunks
list, how are we going to like real life in a global society where
freedom and diversity have been greatly increased by "crypto-anarchy"?
Will the "global village" fragment into isolationist cliques?  Even
sooner, will the Cypherpunks?
                                    ---  mkj
P.S.  Since I don't recall posting my public key to this list before:

@_date: 1994-11-21 20:25:02
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: A Chance Encounter with Brad Templeton, of ClariNet 
The above is a key insight into what I see as one of the biggest
issues of the next couple of decades, certainly one of the biggest
issues affecting the networks.  A battle is looming between public
freedoms on the nets, and powerful copyright-based economic interests.
Such a battle is very apt to turn the networks into a minefield of
impossible laws, ubiquitous surveillance and unending litigation.
Note that the Clinton/Gore administration, and its Information
Infrastructure Task Force (IITF), have already taken the (in my
opinion extreme and unrealistic) position that intellectual property
laws must be not merely preserved but *strengthened* and *expanded* in
the context of the National Information Infrastructure.  (See the
report of the IITF's Intellectual Property Working Group, as well as
other relevant reports available at iitf.doc.gov.)  And I see no
reason to hope that Congress will take a different approach.
Such a battle could have far-reaching implications.  Taken to its
logical conclusions, a "War on Piracy" could make the "War on Drugs"
look benign (and inexpensive) by comparison.  Averting this disaster
may be one of the most important challenges facing the cypherpunks.
Just my two cents' worth.

@_date: 1995-01-07 23:42:50
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: The Value of Anonymity 
The value of anonymity, both on the nets and off, seems to be poorly
understood, even among its strongest defenders.  The positive value of
anonymity is not merely about protecting a few special groups such as
sexual-abuse victims and whistleblowers.  While these are certainly
valuable uses, if I believed that anonymity's positive impact were
limited to these outside-the-mainstream groups, then I probably
wouldn't accept the benefits of anonymity as outweighing its costs.
But in fact, I believe that anonymity has crucially important benefits
for nearly everyone.  There are several good arguments to be made, but
in the interest of brevity I'll focus on only one:
The explosive development of such personal data industries as targeted
marketing and consumer and demographic profiling, have demonstrated
that the business community considers personal data to be of great
economic value.  (There's a parallel observation to be made here about
governments, but I won't go into that now.)  There are also myriad
uses being made of personal data throughout the professions, from
labor negotiators to house burglars.  It is something of a truism that
anyone who knows enough about you can probably find a way to beat you,
either legally or illegally, often at great profit to themselves.
In an information-age society without extremely strong privacy
protections, the chief factor which makes the difference between
winners and losers may be how much information each of us has on
others, and how much they have on us.  Given this degree of economic
and social motivation, it is easy to imagine the sort of panopticon
which will soon arise on the Internet (and its descendants), unless
the strongest possible protections are adopted.  (And it is equally
easy to imagine who the biggest winners and losers will be.)
Relying on government to protect personal privacy is like appointing
the fox to guard the henhouse (or, as I seem to recall John Perry
Barlow once putting it, "... getting a peeping tom to install your
window blinds," or something like that).  In addition to the
government's own motivations for eroding privacy, all the above
economic considerations enter into government through lobbying,
desires to maximize tax revenues, fund-raising considerations, and a
whole raft of other avenues.
Furthermore, the only tools which government could bring to bear would
be a complex web of laws and regulations governing the circulation of
personal data.  Such laws and regulations would have to constantly
shift in a never ending cat-and-mouse game with business; and what's
more, many of these laws and regulations would necessarily conflict
with the free speech rights of private organizations.
Bottom line: Anonymity is the only available tool which puts control
over my own privacy firmly into my own hands, where it belongs, and
does so without infringing on anyone's freedom of speech.  Certainly
there are drawbacks, and anonymity may invite some abuses; but we have
survived anonymity's problems in the past, and 'tis better to suffer
in the hell we know than to be dragged into a new and hotter one.  The
only society without any crime is a society without any freedom.
My ($.02) conclusion: For preserving meaningful privacy, and for
preventing an ugly and probably irreversible transformation of our
world, anonymity is the best, perhaps the only viable tool we have.

@_date: 1995-07-26 11:40:15
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: NRC panel wants questions for Law Enforcement on crypto policy 
----- End of forwarded message from David Lesher -----
I'm glad you brought that up.  Having contributed some questions myself, I
was hoping to get some kind of feedback.  I didn't expect transcripts of any
top-secret meetings or anything, but the whole subject seems to have fallen
into a black hole; we don't even know whether the meetings ever took place.
If possible, it would be great to hear at least general reactions to at
least some of the questions and issues we raised.
John, did anything ever come of this?  Do you have any info at all?

@_date: 1995-10-07 07:44:57
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: NSA Realists v. Nuts 
Forwarded message:
Need I point out that pride in one's work is not necessarily exclusive
of evil?  Rarely does anyone actually think of themselves as evil --
and those few who do are usually just harmless nuts.  The most evil
and destructive people throughout history have always thought of
themselves as good people, doing good work.  As the saying goes, the
most effective con men are those who believe their own cons.
Is there anyone here who seriously doubts that if the international
intelligence community successfully implements any significant part of
their openly-expressed agenda, it will constitute the most gigantic
threat to human freedom that mankind has ever faced?  If that isn't
evil, I don't know what is.
By the way, I don't necessarily agree that the main objective of the
surveillance state is to facilitate detailed control of our lives.  I
think the objective of the international intelligence community, like
virtually every political organization, is simply to accumulate more
money and power to themselves.  Unfortunately, their method of doing
this is particularly destructive and dangerous to human rights.

@_date: 1995-10-09 08:45:40
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: Crypto's Role in Evil? 
I agree with Tim that the future is likely to hold much evil -- as it
always has -- and that privacy is unfortunately likely to play an
important role in some of that evil -- as it always has.  But my
analysis of the problem has a subtly different perspective.
We mustn't forget that, until very recently, strong, widespread
privacy has been humanity's "default" condition.  The evils to which
Tim alluded would in my opinion be more accurately described as
arising out of general advances in communication and consequent new
market efficiencies.  Progress always has two faces.
The ob-crypto question here is, must we now rely upon pervasive LEA
surveillance as humanity's only effective defense against the new
evils created by technological progress?  In other words, are we
entering an era in which it is simply becoming TOO DANGEROUS to allow
ourselves the traditional luxury of strong, widespread privacy?
Many people, especially in government, seem to be answering the above
question strongly in the affirmative.  The Cypherpunks, on the other
hand, have rallied around the idea that the unprecedented loss of
privacy is itself an evil against which others pale by comparison.
I admit it is a question which troubles me.  I can only fall back on
the principle that, as I believe Thomas Jefferson put it (quoting
approximately from memory), "There is no ultimate safe repository for
power other than in the people."  Our only hope is in ourselves.

@_date: 1995-10-10 07:45:25
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: Crypto's Role in Evil? 
The point is, strong privacy is readily AVAILABLE even under those
circumstances.  If tribal elders tried to prohibit people from
wandering out of earshot, then you'd have an analogy.

@_date: 1995-10-10 21:06:32
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: Crypto's Role in Evil? 
I now realize that my first response to this point was stupid.  I was
focused exclusively on what one might call "transient" privacy -- the
ability to wander out of general earshot for the occassional private
conversation.  I now see that there is another kind of privacy, which
one might call "steady-state" privacy -- that is, the ability to live
large portions of one's life out of the light of public scrutiny.
In traditional small village or tribal life, transient privacy is
rarely threatened, but steady-state privacy may be nonexistent.  This
is an important point which I didn't get the first time around, and I
apologize for giving it short shrift.
The various GAK strategies, on the other hand, represent a nearly
opposite strategy, preserving (at least in theory) general
steady-state privacy (thereby perhaps satisfying the letter, if not
the spirit, of most human rights law) while making it impossible to
reliably ensure the privacy of any specific thing (Bentham's concealed
random observer model for cost-efficient control of a population).
These two types of privacy, of course, are not truly distinct, but are
ends of a continuous spectrum.  Yet they raise different challenges.
This is all very interesting; it seems to imply the possibility of
some sort of analytic system.
But it's late and I'm not particularly brilliant, so I'll end here.

@_date: 1995-09-26 09:44:50
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: Golden Coy Freeh 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 14 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1995-09-26 09:44:55
@_author: mkj at october.ducktown.org 
@_subject: cypherpunks press releases/contact list 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 14 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:
