
@_date: 1998-08-31 11:12:22
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: hola and good tidings 
I would suggest budgeting about $10k for some GOOD night vision
equipment, then find a good thick hedge and set up a suburban watch
post. Focus on evenings. You will find some activity on Oct 30 though
activity will peak on Oct 31. However, I would steer clear of the
targets because if you approach them, even if only for the purposes of
inquiry, their parents may loose the rottweilers or shoot you between
the eyes and no Second Chance vest will help you in either case.
BTW what areas will you be surveilling?

@_date: 1998-12-03 02:41:59
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: "Export" controls 
I was pointing out a retail parallel, not a crypto parallel.
You sure it's not Microshaft? More meanings.
A little experiment is often a good thing. I heard that the guys who
made the DES cracker have had $$ requests for machines and/or chips.
In case you missed it, my original reply was an attempt to open
discussion on some type of cooperative effort.
Look at  for prototype
purposes. I wonder how many DES or IDEA engines could be put on a 500K
gate array? It would fit about 35 instantiations of Twofish. That should
be enough for a phone or a disk encryptor.
It's not trivial but -
Products can be done. On a shoestring. By the right people. Even non-geniuses.
Who want to get them done. <-- the key item
No sense pushing the button without critical mass.
A friend's t-shirt many years ago:
  A penny for your thoughts, twenty bucks to act them out.

@_date: 1998-12-04 02:56:01
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: "Export" controls 
What type of attack was used in the famous test? Known plaintext? It
gets a bit tougher in the real world doesn't it?
Every product I ever worked on started off as a big ugly prototype
sprawled across a table top hooked to all sorts of life support systems.
And not all products are taken to market by those who did the initial
design work. License. For something like we're discussing here I think
the *big* cash outlay comes post-prototype with mask, fab, plastics,
production lines and marketing. Upfront it's mostly neurons.
I expect it would be easier to convince a manufacturer to participate
with a working prototype than it would with only an idea.
No it is not. 500k gates may be too much but I maintain that you simply
cannot trust the Wintel HW, Windows or anything you cannot analyze in
detail and freeze. Besides, people like little palm-sized gadgets.
We all know the magic price points. But is that particular product all
that interesting? Even if peer traffic is encrypted the system can be
infected and can transmit anything ( disk, RAM eg ) to other adresses.
I'm afraid I don't know enough about the networking stuff to feel that a
system can be secured while it is on-line. Now an embedded system for secure e-mail that used a PC as a gateway
might be kind of cool. You drop encrypted attachments onto a driver that
sends them to the unit where you read them. Anything you enter and
encrypt at the unit is presented as a file at the host to be attached
and sent. USB would be plenty quick for that sort of stuff.
You might say that it should be done on the host as SW or on another PC
but we're back to the Wintel HW again. No thanks. I wonder what could be
done with a palm pilot. Are full schematics and BIOS and driver code
available? You *might* throw out everything but and build it there.
You'd want to do some EMI testing.
I still like my SCSI/IDE gizmo for off-line PC's.
Yes, and it needs to be priced accordingly. Although corporations do
tend to spend nicely at times.
The key, as with any business, identify your customers and make a
product for them. Not easy, I admit.
Gun talk is amusing. I agree that what is going on with gun law is
disturbing but as far as disagreement with the Reptilians is concerned
power is political. As soon as it becomes violent you've lost. Except in
the event of a full-blown revolution. Then we all lose.
Don't you think that this sort of a poker bluff would be a little too
much even for the boldest thinkers in gov't? The stuff they fear most
would be commoditized and I think, in spite of your point, far more of
it would exist than does now. Marketeers would reduce it to bullet items
on packages but many engineers would deliver reasonable products within
the cost constraints.
Is that why CP exist? Because cryptography has some legal gray areas? I
don't think so.
This is a painfully slow conversation.

@_date: 1998-12-05 03:57:42
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: joy of export, h/ware 
Even if you don't know what you're looking for? Help me out with that
You trust PGPfone on commercial HW enough to do your spy work with it? A
system with dedicated audio compression (  e.g. )
and a modem could probably be used to establish a secure, full-duplex
link over the POTS. A microP, possibly with a small gate array to accel
the crypto, would be able to handle the rest of job. Actually a pretty
simple product. It could even use your dial-up account and be your
internet phone. I know it has been done. I just won't be happy 'til it's
in 50 million homes.
Yes, I have. Fortunately encryption HW will not have to go through that
sort of process. The frontier has been tamed, there are freeways
everywhere - all you have to do is pick a lot and build. IOW - that 300
baud modem if done from scratch now would cost nowhere near $3000/unit.
The time is ripe.
Clueless again! What is 'NAT'?
Absolutely. The issue there is more one of trustworthy HW and SW. Back
to WINTEL/MICROSNORT. Again, !barf!.

@_date: 1998-12-05 07:38:51
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
Unless you have a really fast ( 1 Mbit / s? ) data connection you're
going to want to do some voice compression. The algorithms I've seen
break the audio into discrete time frames and (de)compress frame by
frame. As a point of reference say about 16 bytes for every 33 msec of
voice. Quality roughly follows data rate, of course. This makes a block
cipher seem not so unreasonable.
Block cipher or stream cipher, either way you're going to have to
introduce a latency of _at_least_ a couple of frames to allow for
resends or deliberate out-of-order frame transmission. This makes the
block cipher look like the better choice.
I think that using HW voice compression and a 33.6 modem you could get a
full duplex secure conversation over POTS with a latency in the 0.1 -
0.3 second range and a direct cost in the vicinity of $100. With a
reasonably quick microP any encryption method could probably be done as
This is not a particularly difficult device to build. Any fine US
citizens want to build some prototypes?

@_date: 1998-12-05 11:17:42
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
My oh my,
The alternative to outright revolution has historically been to pack up
and ship out to whatever frontier was in vogue. Dangerous, difficult,
but apparently compelling if the home situation sucked badly enough.
Potentially very rewarding to the survivors.
The historical fate of any frontier has been that as soon as it has
become somewat hospitable the shitheads arrive with their carpet bags
and make it over into the same fucking thing that everyone ran away from
in the first place. The first sign of inFESTERation was often a church,
followed by a town hall which filled up quickly enough and shortly
thereafter hired a sheriff to enforce the town gun ban and who
eventually needed more men...
And so the cycle repeats with the virtual frontier we're in right now.
It was just fine until "they" came along to "civilize" it. Unfortunately
backs are to the wall and there is nowhere else to go because SPACE
SUCKS MOOSE ALIENS DRY LIKE BUGS. Top that.
they        - esRb
to civilize - to own, regulate, commercialize and tax
esRb        - evil, scumsucking, Reptilian bastards
I could probably develop some sort of virtual space cowboy allegory here
that would go on for (p)ages and involve the painful, bloody death of
many an evil villian at the hand of a courageous hero and enough deviant
sex ( whinny ) to keep the audience enthralled to the very end. The
story could probably be continued until well after the traffic has
subsided but what the hell, I like driving 5 mph, it's good for my car's
engine, my patience and the bandwidth shortage.

@_date: 1998-12-05 11:24:18
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
The web site is pretty sparse. No wonder I couldn't find them before - I
was looking for "Starion" a while back. I'll call them next week -
they're practically local. What's the approximate price?
I have another question for you:
I thought I was a real whiz kid a few years back when I figured out that
by using an agreed upon startup key then using a "random" public/private
key pair generated by the SW, two voice stations could exchange a
"random" session key. With thumbscrews and the rack you could not get
the session key. Even the dreaded rubber hose would fail. The startup
key protected the PK. The ultimate security was as good as the PK
portion. The conversation was practically pre-shredded.
I was bummed when I discovered this had already been patented and was
called EKE.
Does the Starium phone accomplish this effect?

@_date: 1998-12-08 03:52:06
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Corporate Mandarins and The Tyranny of *Hierarchy* 
Take a look at the history of the Love Canal in Buffalo, NY or the
tobacco industry and think about these as models of corporate behavior
when you hire the exterminator to come onto your property to take care
of some pesky ants and horribly nasty, dangerous spiders using "safe,
environmentally sound" insecticides. The burden of proof is backwards
all too often in evaluating the manner in which corporations treat their
customers and their community. It sure looks like the corporate world
has more than its fair share of major criminals to me: some of them
firmly and respectably in place in Congress. They just don't hack little
girls to pieces and bury them in the woods; they kill tens of thousands,
slowly, and hide behind the finest suits and the sharpest lawyers.
The quest for economic gain coupled with the blatant disregard for the
health and safety of those around you is what is meant by
hyperindividualism. It's simply greed coupled with sociopathy.
Describing this as an offshoot of 20th century liberalism is way beyond
me. This is well off-thread but I saw a movie clip of John D. from the mid
40's where he was at a podium being fingerprinted as a publicity bit to
promote the FBI's policy of trying to fingerprint all Americans. Nothing
new under the sun eh?

@_date: 1998-12-10 02:37:48
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: No Subject ( camera nonsense ) 
Don't remember the date but when asked to pinpoint the thing so someone
else could actually go take a look there was no response from the
original poster. I wrote it off as babbling.
There is one device above the westbound section of 580 on the Livermore
side of the Altamont pass. About the size of a small SpectraPhysics
Laser, the surface appears solid - i.e. no visual sensor. My best guess
- radar for either speed measurement or traffic density measurement. Chemical sniffer - NOT. Radiation detector - perhaps, but I doubt it.
Best bet - traffic analysis. These counties here are always fighting
about population growth and the traffic implications. As if one stinking
town owns the entire godamned federal interstate. Little, carpetbagging
Napoleans everywhere you look. As for neural systems detecting illegal activity - yeah? what? Two
people talking? Looking disreputable? Having their hands *appear* to
coincide for a second? This "technology", if detected in a public place,
should be zapped and the promoters tarred and feathered*. *Superglue or RTV and polyfill may legally be substituted for the
traditional materials.

@_date: 1998-12-10 07:13:04
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: No Subject ( camera nonsense ) 
The wire loops I know about use 60Hz AC and measure inductance. I believe that this would make them unsuitable as speed measurement
devices since measurement would extend over a number of cycles. They
might work if they were widely separated but you would have to be sure
there was only one vehicle generating the peaks.
I'd stick with the speed detector radar for now to explain the overhead

@_date: 1998-12-18 09:28:32
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Comrade Klinton at it again 
Don't you mean "Iraqui" Embassy?
Or is this thing spreading? I hope not.
Comrade Klinton is no worse than Comrades Hyde, Ingliss, Gingrich,
Coble, Bono, well you know the rest. They all call themselves statesmen
but they are pretty damned pedestrian.
Comrade Klinton just started another bombing run, curiously after it
widely known that the impeachment hearings wouldn't be delayed until
week. So far, every target hit has been in camera range. NBC said that
Iranian Embassy might have been hit by a Tomahawk.

@_date: 1998-12-24 08:33:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
Now... Just curious, if I simply make my study into a faraday cage via
use of fine (< 1/2 inch) chicken wire, and insulate my power system from
the computer emenations, would that be enough? Chicken wire is not that
expensive, and I think that I could make it look nice on walls.
The cages I've used were framed in wood and had several layers of copper
screening. The mesh was like standard window screen, <.125". There were
two, I think sometimes three, layers. The corners/joints were copper
sheet. The screen was soldered to the corners. The doors were stepped or
beveled and had several sets of fingers - indside edge, outside edge,
perhaps one intermediate. Screen makes ventilation easier. Power should
be brought in through a separate, partitioned, shielded box with
filtering in each partition. Phone lines, same thing. You trust your
apps, os and TCP/IP stack to not rat you out? If not, work off-line
One cage I saw had ferrite tiles on the solid walls to minimize internal
reflections which would cut down on leakage too.
Al foil if it were thick enough would be OK but how do you reliably join
edges? Al has a bad habit of oxidizing rapidly in air. I guess you could
fold edges over several times - seems tacky.
Converting your study is non-trivial. The door would look like crap. You
would need the euivalent of a door over the window. Build one in your
garage. Make it out of sections so you can move it. 6' x 8' seems about
right for a couple computers and some lab equip. Is the cost justified?
I wouldn't trust 1/2" galvanized chicken wire for containing anything
but chickens or other non-gnawing furry woodland creatures.

@_date: 1998-12-24 09:49:40
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
These were commercial cages used in the consumer products design
business. Things like radios, TVs, 900MHz cordless phones etc...do I
know for a fact that two or three layers of fine mesh copper ( BTW about
an inch apart ) were necessary? No. I just took the word of the guys who
had been doing the stuff for years. It wouldn't surprise me if the
commercial cages were overkill. Neither would I be surprised if anything
less leaked significantly. RFI is not an easy subject area. Find a
commercial cage vendor and talk to an apps eng.
Lacking an actual test facility, I suppose a really basic test would be
to use a hand-held AM radio tuned to a space between stations and try
out your PC with and without a chicken-wire cage. Sometimes a particular
piece of SW will have a pattern that you can recognize, maybe following
a keypress. I've been able to differentiate between button scan,
watchdog, servos, processor etc... It's a relatively cheap, quick
experiment. Try different frequencies and orientations of the ferrite
loop antenna. For higher frequencies ( CPU clocks + other harmonics )
you'll need other methods. I've been meaning to take a look at a
standard PC keyboard. Someday soon...if I do I'll let you know what I
As for looks - tough - a PC generates lots of RFI, a partially
functional cage is probably worse than none at all because of the false
sense of security.
Trying to shield the computer and the monitor is an entirely different
can of worms. Probably an order of magnitude harder than making a good
In real life even the easy things are not easy.

@_date: 1998-12-31 01:16:17
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CLT&G Update: 29 Dec 98 
The ENTIRE point?
ONE of the points was to define and limit the extents of centralization. There is no cure for the chronic tendency of people in power to try and
increase their scope. The repeated application of palliatives is the
only way to deal with that social disease.

@_date: 1998-07-29 15:38:08
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Amused but still looking for... 
I love the SPACE ALIENS stuff : it's like the X-files on a druggie's
version of a Long Island Iced Tea. The politics are agreeable and
predictable. The up-to-the-minute news and the entertainment is fun but
there's really not much that is technical happening here.
Is there a coderpunks mail archive available anywhere? The URL that I've
found has been down for too long.
How about a list of ongoing projects?
When is the next CP meeting?
"Just because a taste of freedom made you lose your lunch doesn't mean
it should be removed from the menu."

@_date: 1998-11-03 03:03:37
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops 
A long time ago I ran thermal measurement boards on a piece of equipment
in liquid He under vacuum. Pretty icy. I used only standard components. My question is this - anyone know of any estimates of how weak a signal
could be detected and actually rendered into useful information? The relevance of the low-T stuff is that it seems like a nice way to
make low-noise receiving equipment. With an estimate of the capabilities
of the receiver (  and commonplace-lN2 temps ) you could then
address the emissions of the laptop with reasonable, quantitative target
levels. Sort of reverse engineer the TEMPEST specs as it were. It would be nice to know what needed to be done to reduce emissions to
the point that you could be fairly sure that an eavesdropper had to park
on your doorstep to make his equipment work.
Since they don't have anything to hide, why should they worry? Argh.
ergo - if they're hiding something they are guilty of something. Bust
the doors down boys.

@_date: 1998-11-03 12:36:34
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: dbts: Lions and TEMPESTs and Black Helicopters (Oh, My!) 
By and large I agree with you, the fears of TotalControl(tm) are largely
unfounded. Abuses do exist. Always have.
These unregulated virtual economies need to conduct trade with
ActualPhysicalSpace. The interface is where the control will be exerted.
If you can't safely convert your LibertE$ to physical goods their value
will be quite low. Participation will be limited.
Also, as the TaxAorta becomes occluded the TaxDoctors will have to
devote more energy and use more drastic methods to keep the flow going.

@_date: 1998-11-05 01:48:38
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: ?Lions? 
"Notice a few things about the mechanics of the model. First, everyone
who puts money onto the net, or takes it off, is identified to the
complete satisfaction of government
     regulators everywhere. Digital bearer cash is treated just like
physical cash in the eyes of regulators, and is subject to the same
regulations. There is no functional
     difference between a digital cash underwriter and an ATM machine."
It is the financial foundation for a cyber world where regulators will
probably have a great deal of trouble operating. They may have no choice
but to settle for taking their cut at the borders.
I still see many of the same old problems when attempting to trade hard
goods, at least in large quantities. The problem of having to explain
how you came by a 6000 sqare foot home on 100 acres of mountainside in
Lake Pacid is not solved. It's not a total solution but it looks good.
It could be a great way to save for retirement - nobody can tell how
much E$ you have accumulated, where it came from or where you keep it.
Just draw it out as you need it, pay your taxes at the gate and use the
5th when necessary.

@_date: 1998-11-06 02:03:17
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops (fwd) 
True, the point I'm trying to make to you folks is that it *ISN'T* the
absolute level of the signal that you are necessarily concerned with but
rather the dynamic range in that signal. Simply knowing there's a 3mV
out there won't do you a damn bit of good unless you have enough signal
to decode the contents. In actuality you could be emitting GW's of
signal and
if there was only say 1uV of signal range you'd never get anything off
The distinction you are trying to express is that not all signals have
equal information content and that it is the levels of the high-content
ones that matter. Fine, but shielding is indiscriminate so shield away.
And run your Tesla coil and some Ramones music to increase the ambient
noise while you're doing sensitive computing.
BTW - Aren't most receivers sensitive to RF field strengths in the 1
uV/m range? With cryogenically cooled front ends the nV/m range is probably usable.
Look for MIB carrying Dewars in your neighborhood! How cold do Peltier junctions get? Probably good enough for a sidewinder or a low-noise rcvr.
Gabba-gabba hey!

@_date: 1998-11-06 04:10:47
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: How to test *your* microwave oven distribution pattern. 
you said...
If you do decide to stake your laptop as refered above there are a few
things to know....
 -      Make sure the stake is in suitable ground without lots of quartz
        and other similar peizo-electric materials.
 -      The stake should extend at least 3ft. into the ground.
 -      When the stake is driven in, the ground should be thoroughly
        which usualy means quite a bit of water (30 gals or so should do
        it), if possible wet it over a 24 hour period prior to staking.
 -      Make sure the stake and the cable leading to the laptop are
        (or silver if you're rich)
 -      You don't want to be close to phone, power, and other sorts of
        underground utilities.
Please explain to me why it matters that the box be grounded!
Radiated energy from chips and traces is independent of your mongo
ground strap to the mother ship. All the strap does is alter the DC
potential. Shield your box well but design out the leg irons and the
geological requirements.

@_date: 1998-11-06 06:44:32
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Now where am I gonna get a good horseburger? 
In CA it is now a felony to eat a horse. I don't remember asking to be
transported to Walt Disney World...wait 'til someone other than Gary
Larson anthropomorphises the chicken, cow and pig!
On a lighter, more technical note - Avoiding carefully, for the moment, Harvey Rook's statement that
weaknesses in cipher systems often lie in key generation and management
and not in the crypto algorithms, I'll ask a few -naive- questions:
If we construct a CSPRNG with a ?sufficiently? large state and then use
the output of that PRNG to generate a new key for each block encrypted
by a standard block cipher have we gained anything? Large files vs.
small? When used with triple encryption like 3DES? The ROI for finding a
single key is certainly much lower if the PRNG is "good".
I've never seen a PR keystream for a conventional block cipher discussed
so I thought I'd lob it out there.

@_date: 1998-11-06 08:08:48
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Grounding 
I really have to disagree about shielding and leakage.
Electricity runs from a high-potential point to ground. If it isn't
it radiates away into space where it can be detected. If the Faraday
isn't grounded it simply acts as a parasitic oscillator and re-emits the
signal from inside, though at a lower amplitude. Remember, charge rests
the *OUTSIDE* of a object so that any charge picked up internaly gets
to the outside surface.
Consider a battery-powered spark gap inside a copper box. Lots of
beautiful wideband noise. I refuse to ground my copper box. I'm going to
suspend it from a weather balloon over Menwith Hill. The solutions to the wave equation inside the cavity have a real part ~0
in the exponent. The boundary condition at the inside surface of the
copper box splices together the solutions in the cavity and inside the
conductor. Which solutions, BTW, have a real component that is non-zero
so the waves are of exponentially decreasing amplitude the further into
the Cu you go ( skin depth, power loss ). At the inside boundary, the higher the conductivity the smaller the E
field at the surface, the shallower the skin depth and the more power is
reflected with less loss.
The amplitude of the internal Cu ( exponentially decreasing ) solutions
at the outside surface determines the extent to which the wave leaks out
because the solution is imaginary again outside. If it helps, the solution looks like the Schroedinger equation solution
for a particle in a potential well when at least one boundary is a
region of finite potential.
Leakage has nothing to do with being grounded since the wave can be
generated without the total charge residing on the surface of the box (
DC potential ) changing at all. What's there just moves around a little,
that's all.
I don't think it takes a whole lot of copper to do the job: the skin
depth is pretty small. A copper screen behaves much like the copper
sheet execept that it deviates as the wavelengths become closer to the
dimensions of the holes. You might say that the resistivity increases
with frequency. It leaks more.
The 1st rule of electrons:
 They always take the shortest path to ground.
 If they can't get to ground they radiate their excess energy away as
 photons.
Oh, for crying out loud! Where did this stuff come from?
I prefer the three laws of thermodynamics in layman's terms:
i)   You can't get something for nothing
ii)  The best you can do is break even
iii) You can't even do that
Works for my checking account too.
BTW - I'm still at a loss to understand what the geology has to do with
RF shielding. Chaff, I think.
BTW^2 - The more conductive the TARMAC the more clutter you'll get
because it will be a better reflector. Ground or not. The incident waves
*don't care*.

@_date: 1998-11-06 08:58:07
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: How to test *your* microwave oven distribution pattern. 
Wrong metaphor for RF energy. It's not water. A ground is not a storm
Imagine two conductive spheres ( earth and moon ? ) and an RF generator
in a box sitting *peacefully* in space. Classical 3-body problem. The DC
potential that exists between any of them has absolutley no effect on a
wave travelling anywhere ( unless you want to get into the topic of
nonlinear materials ). So forget about everything in the scene except
that generator in the box. Shielding consists solely of preventing the
wave from getting out of the box into free space where it can be
detected. There is nothing special about *any* of the DC references.
Earth may be special ( source of women and beer ) but not to a wave.
Besides, chaining my laptop to a giant copper spike in a geologically
suitable region is out of the question. Just shielding it would make an
already heavy ThinkPad into a main battle tank.

@_date: 1998-11-07 08:11:27
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Grounding (fwd) 
I can see that I'll have to give up soon.
It's not a question of a Schroedingers Wave Equation, it's a question of
Maxwell's Equations. Yeah I've got my old copy of Jackson. MTW too, for all the good it did
me. Maxwell's equations can be used to form a wave equation too. I only
bring up the Schroedinger equation because the solutions to simple
particle-in-a-box examples are easy to generate and easy to visualize.
Anyone who even began a decent Physics program should have done many of
these. The probability function for the Quantum example *looks like* the
amplitude for the EM example...analogy is a good tool.
What conductor? The shell is equipotential unless you're trying to play
games with me so there follows there can be no current flow through it
except radialy to the outside of the sphere.
DC, Yes. AC, things are happening.
To solve the diffeq's for an EM wave incident on a conducting surface
you have to make the solutions !inside! the conductor match the
solutions outside the conductor. Only if the conductor is *perfect* does
your assumption of nothing going on inside the conductor make sense.
BTW - the skin depth for Cu at 100MHz is about 0.00026". The skin depth
is proportional to f^(-0.5).
In brief, here's what happens to the wave incident on a copper sheet:
Wave is incident on surface
Most of the wave is reflected
  the better the conductor, the more is reflected
the portion that is not reflected is attenuated in the conductor ( loss
any amplitude on the other surface of the sheet radiates energy.
It should be obvious that, if the conductor is good, there will be very
little amplititude inside the conductor, low loss reflection. Further,
that 4 mils of Cu should provide ~80 dB loss in even the tiny amount
that is not reflected at the inner surface. At 100MHz. I haven't solved
this system for many years and I'm not inclined to go back to it now.
Take my word for it : a little RF can get through a copper sheet but
only a *very* little. It's the finite conductivity that alters the
simple scenario.
Let's walk through it using your model....
The spark gap generates sparks and that builds up free electrons in the
space inside the sphere (whether it is gas filled or a vacuum is
irrelevant). As that charge builds up it will be all of one type,
Now the electrons repel each other and therefor move in a circular
with the spark gap as the center. They strike the surface of the sphere
tunnel through to the outside surface where they reside. The amount of
charge at any one point is related to the curvature of the surface at
point. Since a sphere is constant curvature the charge will be evenly
distributed. It will continue to build up so long as you supply power to
spark gap. In an ideal world it will get bigger and bigger. In the real
world at some point insulation breaks down and normal current flow takes
Forget all this, this patchwork of pieces doesn't hold together as a
description of the physical problem. If it helps, forget about the spark
gap. Waves waves waves. Start with a wave packet in the box. Don't worry
about how it got there. Worry about keeping it there.
Best regards Jim,

@_date: 1998-11-10 08:41:36
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Grounding (last slice of spam?) 
Sorry for prolonging the agony - I was hoping, in vain, for an admission
of guilt.
Lion taming is contraindicated, a career of public service is
And this...
takes me on a trip with Mr. Peabody and Sherman to the place where the
Huskies go...
Was my question about cycling the keys for a block cipher a *useless*
one or did the bit about horses offend? Horses are OK, sort of. In their
own way. On someone else's nickel.
Snowcone, anyone?

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:14:54
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: IP: NSA Threatens To "OUT" Republicans Over Hubbell Investigation 
Oh, I suppose so. Part of the Yet Another Conspiracy Conspiracy Theory.
1) The people who run NSA are powerful people in their own right. I
would be surprised if they could be easily made into a simple political
2) If there is ONE country in the world that the US would like to set up
for another "Crypto-AG", another "Softwar"( ok early computer spy story
I read long ago ), which country might that be? And why might NSA not
want media attention? Could it be that someone spoke before thinking?
Ready, fire, aim. That's why I don't go into the woods during deer
It would be damn nifty to be able to snoop ( and override ) the target
country's police and military communications networks and air traffic
systems wouldn't it? Now they're wise before we've got'em mainlining our
Newt Gingrich - There are some good people in the Republican party. Newt
is not one of them. Good riddance to bad rubbish. The seemingly crazy Clinton policy shows our President to be
crazy like a fox.  Clinton did what Pollard and Walker could not
do.  President Clinton sold national security secrets for cash
by writing his own legal waivers.  Clinton's secret crypto policy served to line the pockets of
politicians and greedy corporate executives with red money.  The
Clinton export policy has significantly upgraded the nuclear
strategic and tactical firepower of the Chinese Army.  Clinton,
like Walker and Pollard, sold military code secrets for cash.
America knows more about AREA-51 and UFOs than Ft. Meade and
Webster Hubbell.  Bill Clinton and his China crypto-tale will
never be declassified for the American people.  The Clinton
scandal cover-up is backed by the NSA library of greatest
intercepts against Republicans.

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:44:40
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Advanced Nuclear-Hardened Encryption Technology 
advanced(1) - we fucked up so we have to classify it so nobody but us
boobs will know what boobs we are
advanced(2) - last year's obsolete model in a new suit to fit this
year's corruption conspiracy
advanced(3) - we wish we had this but we're going to hint that we do
anyway to keep'em guessing
nuclear-hardened(1) - bikini glass ( not applicable )
nuclear-hardened(2) - a pencil
encryption technology - a copy of Gideon's and some stationary from the
Beijing Hilton

@_date: 1998-11-11 07:26:37
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Off Topic But Truly Beautiful 
I didn't think of this before but add together bees, wind and rampant
tree sex and this stuff will definitely spread. It could even become a
bit of a "problem".
The people who have packets of seeds should distribute those quickly to
friends before the buggerers get the mailing list and start confiscating
BTW - I believe that citrus hybridize freely, rather like mentha in that
Wild and cool. I think he should do apples next. Then strawberries.
Peaches. Beans. A whole fucking farmer's market.

@_date: 1998-11-14 02:31:43
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.28: Wiretapping Internet Phone Lines 
This little phone looks nice with one gotcha: they left out encryption. Did they do this just to sell internationally and avoid the privacy
issue altogether?
Considering how the product is constructed, adding encryption would not
be a major step.
Not all companies are complaining about CALEA.
Aplio [  ] CEO Olivier Zitoun believes his
products fall into the FCC's definition of computer-to-computer IP
telephony. Aplio sells boxes that can be plugged into normal touch-tone
phones and used to call an Internet provider, which routes calls over
"We are very different than other phone-to-phone devices or solutions,"
Zitoun said. "In a way, the discussion of IP-telephony regulation
really apply to us."

@_date: 1998-11-14 05:27:15
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Info Age Crime Terror and War 
The 1st - encrypted communications are speech.
The 4th - plaintext that has been encrypted cannot be "found."
The 5th - If your password is memorized then the only way to produce it
is as a witness against yourself. So much for the layman's view. What is the current legal thinking and,
more importantly, the relevant legal precedents? Aren't they ( LE )
making a bit of a leap when they say that the Constitution defines
access to information not just items? It looks like the only way to
achieve the information access they want is through modification of the
There is often a right-leaning political flavor to the CP list but isn't
it such right-wingers as Rhenquist and Starr who invented the various
forms of immunity that already can be used to subvert the 5th?
Now they are trying to establish the legal equivalence of the physical
and the virtual. I wish Kyle et al well in their fight against legions
of terrorists but I hope that they have an impossible battle ahead of
them when it comes to downgrading the Bill of Rights. Besides, more than
wanting to protect us little lambs from terrorists, I think they
recognize the degree to which technology is changing the world and are
trying to resist the power shifts that are likely. The other reasons
they give are mostly chaff.

@_date: 1998-11-17 09:23:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Non Explosive Weapons 
NEW is such a goddamned brilliant acronym.
Now I'll get in trouble if I start making *major cojones capacitors*.
Mineral oil will become a controlled substance if possessed in
quantities greater than 1/2 pt or used in any manner other than that
described on the label. Vacuum pumps will be contraband. Like ROM
Tune in next week when: ((( A == B ) && ( A != B )) == TRUE ) or how to
babble BULLSHIT from a position of power. Either dangerous or stupid.
Who pays his weekly check?
I can't help but think that these guys are just looking for a new "main
gig in life" that lets them shorten the commute between home and the war
zone. Why don't they go start a war somewhere else?
Here are some amusing sites - Yet another infrastructure system getting ready for the hackers. Won't
even be able to trust traffic lights soon. Yet another excuse for
insurance rate changes.
I guess I'd prefer automation with fewer features but better reliability
and security to soldiers in the streets. No luck there though, too
practical, it would be too inexpensive and what would we do with all
those soldiers?
The Danzig's Dictionary
good      == bad
there     == here
imaginary == real
speech    == threat
thought   == terrorism
civilian  == suspect
suspect   == convict
yours     == ours
ours      == mine
mine      == mineallmine
Not up to Bierce specs, sadly

@_date: 1998-11-21 03:45:14
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Digital cockroaches, 5 IP's per body by 2000 [CNN] 
This is just blue sky space cadet baby wish babble. AKA : typical
marketing spew. The kind of thing you can engage in when your house is
paid off, your bank account is flush and you have a golden parachute.
Why would I voluntarily wear five independent tracking devices? So Louis
Freeh can do telemetry and administer electroshock from Windows 2000?
Move the bars closer, baby, I just love a cage. Please, yes I'll pay,
just squeeze me.
Everybody is trying to be the master of tomorrow's slave. ( phrase not
my own )
Just say NO,
*All of the smell and none of the fertilizer, not even good for growing
Anyone know a URL for Starion nee Comsec( 3DES telephones ) ?

@_date: 1998-11-26 02:15:17
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: [ISN] Feds Want Banks to Spy on All Customers...Even You! (fwd) 
I spotted the *rhetorical* steel case in the first note.
The disturbing thing here is the requirement to report deviations from a
pattern. That is where it becomes a NaziReptilianProctoscope$ystem. It's
my fucking money, I can do whatever the fuck I want with it, whenever
the fuck I want to. I wish those fuckers would look at the Fourth
Amendment. The structuring stuff looks like it could get pretty wierd: how I move
my money should not matter but maybe it does.
Why do reptiles have such a bad name? Some of my favorite politicians
are reptiles. BTW - the FDIC site state that there is no statutory requirement for a
'Know Your Customer' system. You could also say that they are not
interested in little guys, that they need this stuff to do their job,
but if the laws are written so that anyone can be targeted without a
warrant then there is a *big* problem. Especially worrisome is automated
pattern analysis without a warrant - a violation of the 4th.
So, what are the alternatives to keeping your money in a standard
financial institution? Seems to me that keeping it at home is pretty risky - eventually some
low-life will figure it out and then you'll have to choose between your
cash and your left nut.
Keeping it all tied up in goods is not any bargain either. A small
fraction perhaps...
Pardon the formatting - it's straight from the .gov.
"Know>  "
                  Policy
                  One of the most important, if not the most important
means by which financial
                  institutions can hope to avoid criminal exposure to
the institution from customers who
                  use the resources of the institution for illicit
purposes is to have a clear and concise
                  understanding of each customer's practices. The
adoption of " " guidelines or procedures by financial
institutions has proven extremely
                  effective in detecting suspicious activity by
customers of the institution in a timely
                  manner.                   Even though not required by regulation or statute, it
is imperative that financial
                  institutions adopt "  "
guidelines or procedures to enable
                  the immediate detection and identification of
suspicious activity at the institution. The
                  concept of "  " is, by design,
not explicitly defined so
                  that each institution can adopt procedures best suited
for its own operations. An
                  effective "  " policy must, at a
minimum, contain a clear
                  statement of management's overall expectations and
establish specific line
                  responsibilities. While the officers and staff of
smaller banks may have more frequent
                  and direct contact with customers than their
counterparts in large urban institutions, it
                  is incumbent upon all institutions to adopt and follow
policies appropriate to their size,
                  location, and type of business.                   Objectives Of "  "
                  Policy
                    1.A "  " policy should
increase the likelihood the
                       financial institution is in compliance with all
statutes and regulations and adheres
                       to sound and recognized banking practices.                     2.A "  " policy should
decrease the likelihood the
                       financial institution will become a victim of
illegal activities perpetrated by a
                       customer.                     3.A "  " policy that is
effective will protect the good
                       name and reputation of the financial institution.                     4.A "  " policy should not
interfere with the
                       relationship of the financial institution with
its good customers.                   At the present time there are no statutory mandates
requiring a " " policy or specifying the contents of such
a policy. However, in order to
                  develop and maintain a practical and useful policy,
financial institutions should
                  incorporate the following principles into their
business practices:                     1.Financial institutions should make a reasonable
effort to determine the true
                       identity of all customers requesting the bank's
services;                     2.Financial institutions should take particular care
to identify the ownership of all
                       accounts and of those using safe-custody
facilities;                     3.Identification should be obtained from all new
customers;                     4.Evidence of identity should be obtained from
customers seeking to conduct
                       significant business transactions; and                     5.Financial institutions should be aware of any
unusual transaction activity or
                       activity that is disproportionate to the
customer's known business.                   An integral part of an effective " " policy is a
                  comprehensive knowledge of the transactions carried
out by the customers of the
                  financial institution. Therefore, it is necessary that
the " " procedures established by the institution
allow for the collection of
                  sufficient information to develop a "transaction
profile" of each customer. The primary
                  objective of such procedures is to enable the
financial institution to predict with
                  relative certainty the types of transactions in which
a customer is likely to be engaged.
                  Internal systems should then be developed for
monitoring transactions to determine if
                  transactions occur which are inconsistent with the
customer's "transaction profile". A
                  "  <customer" policy must consist of
procedures that require proper
                  identification of every customer at the time a
relationship is established in order to
                  prevent the creation of fictitious accounts. In
addition, the bank's employee education
                  program should provide examples of customer behavior
or activity which may
                  warrant investigation.                   Identifying The Customer
                  As a general rule, a business relationship with a
financial institution should never be
                  established until the identity of a potential customer
is satisfactorily established. If a
                  potential customer refuses to produce any of the
requested information, the
                  relationship should not be established. Likewise, if
requested follow-up information is
                  not forthcoming, any relationship already begun should
be terminated. Structured Transactions
                  Section 103.53 prohibits the structuring of
transactions for the purpose of evading the
                  currency transaction reporting requirements. Anyone
who causes or attempts to
                  cause a bank to fail to file a CTR or to file a false
CTR is covered under this section
                  as well as anyone who attempts to structure or assists
in structuring any transaction
                  with one or more domestic financial institutions. A
cash transaction in excess of
                  $10,000, which is subsequently withdrawn upon
realization that a CTR is being
                  prepared, should be reported as a possible attempt to
structure a transaction. See
                  also 31 U. S. C. 5324.                   Examiners should be alert to consecutive transactions
involving cash in excess of
                  $10,000. Suspect transactions should be pursued
further. The following are examples
                  of types of transactions that may be reviewed for
possible structuring activity:                     1.Cashed checks - pay particular attention to
multiple items cashed by the same
                       person.                     2.Cash deposits.                     3.Savings withdrawals/certificates of deposit
redemptions.                     4.Personal money orders or official checks sold.                     5.Official checks sold or cashed - look for
consecutive items.                     6.Savings Bonds sold or redeemed.                     7.Traveler's checks sold or cashed.                     8.Loan payments or loan proceeds made in cash.                     9.Securities sold or purchased for cash if the
financial institution acts as agent for
                       an individual and the transaction involves more
than $10,000.

@_date: 1998-12-01 03:07:44
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: "Export" controls 
100% accurate, but old, conclusions.
Can you give me an example of a commercial vendor who has suffered
because someone bought a "dangerous" product ( Windows, for example ) at
retail and carried it out of the country in a suitcase? My guess would
be that anything sold at retail would pose no problem for the
manufacturer unless domestic regulations were in place. Even then the
retailer is the first in line for questioning.
Save me the phone call and describe your experience. BTW - IBM derives a
large portion of its revenues from government contracts. They would be
pretty easy to convince. An non-dependant might be different.
Not until there are domestic regulations. Except for firearms,
cigarettes, alcohol and prescription drugs I can't think of any. My
guess would be that start-up manufacturers could get their tails twisted
long before the retail shelf:
Personal Audits
Business Audits
Supplier problems ( caused by similar techniques being threatened or
applied )
FCC EMI Test Delays and Failures
Credit Problems
Lots of Traffic Tickets for everyone.
It could be fun to try an embedded product. Make some development kits
then try to license it. Let a manufacturer with some resources handle
the heavy lifting. If you have trouble with that give 'em the bird -
just write a damn book, source, VHDL etc. You can even export that. My
favorites are:
Secure phone - I know it exists already but still fun
Disk encryptor - SCSI/EIDE, a bump in the wire between the motherboard
and the disk drive. With its own smartcard/keypad interface, keys are
never seen by OS. It doesn't solve the security problem while the system
is on but it sure as hell makes the disk useless to opponents once it
has been shut off. Good storage. Effectively shredded if you destroy the
smart card or forget the key. The proper way to keep your data as long
as the courts respect the Fifth Amendment.
Oh well,

@_date: 1998-10-02 14:30:06
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: US and Canadian Press Briefings 
The assurance that privacy is safe and sound is too consistently
followed by the promise of a workable compromise between personal
privacy and the 'legitimate needs of law enforcement.' I'm not a lawyer
but I don't see any middle ground that accomodates both. Either the 5th
ammendment stands or it falls. What exactly are they planning? They talk
as if the groundwork has already been done and it's merely a matter of
following through. Watch for some wierd stuff tied to a barley crop
subsidy or an EPA appropriation.
Are there other examples of this speech from overseas?
I can think of only one phrase suited to describe a state where the
civil liberties are defined by the police agencies.

@_date: 1998-10-06 06:18:20
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: odd comment 
Sounds like a potential urban legend or at least a misnaming of some
comprehensible system.
What are the techniques that could be used for detecting conventional
materials? I can't think of anything likely to work through a vehicle
panel on a highway at 65 mph. Doesn't mean there isn't such a system. I
guess a neutron counter or other radiation detector might be useful for
spotting the scary new  SUPERTERRORISTS.
If they have plastic windows they could be speed measurement devices.
I'd be interested in driving by some, are there some examples that are
closer to Pleasanton? You can always ask your highway department
representative - they might talk before thinking even if it's something
TOP SECRET.

@_date: 1998-10-06 09:11:29
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: IP: Microchip implants to foil VIP kidnaps 
Where can I buy one of these things for my cat? My master password is
tatooed inside her upper lip.
This brand new GPS system works through a metal barrier?
For transport just tuck the subject in the back of an aluminum cargo
truck and for long-term storage use a metal wharehouse. Contrary to
popular belief there is not a technical solution for every problem. How
about -well-paid- bodyguards?
Ask an engineer to solve a problem you get Tom Swift and his amazing
electrogenerating geodetector.
Ask a politician to solve a problem you get a law.
Ask a doctor to solve a problem and he'll either cut or medicate.
Ask a soldier to solve a problem...
And so on...
I suppose ridiculous solutions are fine as long as they make money or
fame for someone.

@_date: 1998-10-09 01:22:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? 
This stuff has been on and off the list for quite some time now. I think
the general opinion is that you cannot trust any software that does not
come with full source code. Especially operating systems ( read :
Windows ).
Furthermore, hardware could be untrustworthy. As an example of the latter just imagine a keyboard chip that takes the
serial data signal, ANDs it with the clock and runs the current-limited
output through a metal loop on the die or couples it to an outside trace
that is not likely to be filtered. Instant keyboard transmitter. Short
range but probably usable. Try it outside the chip, I'll bet an old AM
radio will pick it up pretty well. If you have better receivers try 1x,
3x, 5x ... clock carrier frequencies.
What sort of other things would you design into an OS or a CPU or
peripheral chips if you wanted to snoop? Let the OS do the keysnoop for
you and send it off through the network? Keystrokes seem like the
obvious choice because they are low-bandwidth and have a high
information content but someone who's smarter can probably think of all
kinds of other stuff to send. ls -al > G-buddy. You know, keystrokes are
so low in bandwidth that I bet a receiver/recorder could be placed on
your premises, say behind an outlet for power, and checked
surreptitiously only when needed - how long would it take you to fill a
1Gb drive from your keyboard?
I don't think that there can be real security unless you use embedded
systems ( unknown to the OS and Host HW ) for critical roles and
maintain two machines - one clean in a cage, the other on-line and
without any sensitive information. Use sneakernet between the two using
media that you can readily analyse.
If I can think up a feasible method to do something in 5 minutes it was
probably already done a long time ago and the people who do this stuff
full-time have probably taken the field to amazing heights. They seem to
be able to get cooperation from commercial companies too.
Snooping probably won't be done wholesale, too expensive in terms of
manpower, and I don't know anyone who needs real security but, in
principle, everyone should have it.
Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore?
Are people familiar with this document?
Why shouldn't NSA have implanted this kind of back-doors
in various software and operating systems as well?
It seems to have worked so very well in the past.

@_date: 1998-10-09 07:30:52
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Something else about 'freedom'... 
My suspicion is that this sort of opportunity is *exactly* what they
want. Then *they* get to be the ones using force for coercive ends.
Isn't this the "kill the unbelievers" scenario? Old and revered
behavior. Tribal. Elemental.
I don't think 'freedom' means 'anarchy.' Nor does 'anarchy' necessarily mean 'violent lawlessness.' And 'rule of law' does not mean 'safety and security.' As strong as the need for order is, so is the need for chaos. Remove
either and we lose. I think freedom comes from order and knowing what to do with that
freedom comes from chaos. No worries, no thoughts or you can't really enjoy an evening martini if
you drink forty-two of them.

@_date: 1998-10-10 02:18:21
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Something else... 
I was thinking more along the lines of : an animal that has literal
freedom spends 99.9% of its time looking for food and avoiding
predators. The order we impose upon our lives by being social animals
give us a more satisfying type of freedom that is derived from leisure. What I see as the real problem is that as the degree of order is
increased the society becomes more like an anthill. Which I consider the
perfect example of a bioengineered police state. Kind of what corporate
America would like all of us citizens to be - predictable controllable
unquestioning undeviating uncreative underthethumb consumer units. A key
means to this end is eliminating cash and privacy. It's no here yet but
it's in process. I don't think it's a conspiratorial effort either -
it's more the result of widespread bad behavior. I'm rather stunned at
the blatant disregard our representatives display for the basic
liberties the moment these liberties seem inconvenient.
Don't trust your HW or your SW. There are soldier ant footprints

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:21:14
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: DNA 
I'm not a biochemist but I don't think that this is accurate right now.
I think modern DNA analysis yields data that bear more resemblance to a
spectrum than anything else. In this case there is always a good
possibility for error. Remember how large a project the Human Genome
thing is? That is an actual sequencing project.
Rather than use this technology for law enforcement why not really try
to make a Tyrannosaurus? That would seem to be a higher use.
When this new FBI project gets established just watch how wide a net
they cast when defining who will be compelled to submit a sample!
Then we'll have some crooked fuck selling info to the insurance
companies. Or it will be legislated by the other crooked fucks.
And pattern analysis will identify the guilty before they even think
about committing an offense. Hell, they'll probably be able to ID the bad ones from samples
coerced/stolen at birth and then all future opportunity and resource
allocation will be effectively decided by the government, inc.
Compromise? If this thing is not implemented with strict controls
defining the type of offenses included then it is as offensive a
totalitarian tool as anything else discussed on this list
Is there perhaps a good point to getting everybody in the country on
this DNA database? Could it be that a single sample of DNA can be used
to produce a large supply of that DNA which could then be used to
fabricate evidence? You might say that the existence of the fabrication
technology and the availability of seed material invalidates the

@_date: 1998-10-20 03:46:37
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: Evaluation of Vehicle Stopping Prototype ("Kill Switch") 
These ideas have been around for more than a few years. In the past year
or so I've seen two systems on Discovery Channel. One was a flat strip
that was unrolled across the road and generated some ESD when the car
crossed it. The other one was a cockamamie toy rocket car that would be
deployed by the pursuing car and run under the pursued. They say it
shows promise.
These things are fine. It would probably require small effort to devise
effective CM. The project solicitation is pretty nasty however: they
very casually talk about high energy RF. I would say pointing that crap
at anyone would come under "reckless endangerment". I miss the days of mechanical ignition points and carbureters!
BTW - Did you see the bullshit that happened up in Vallejo? Cops sent a
dog into a culvert after a suspect. The suspect shot and killed the dog.
The police had a full-fledged funeral, casket and all for the fucking
dog. Flowers all over he place, mourners. Now they're buying goddamned
kevlar vests for their dogs. Fuckheads. Who's the citizen? The human or
the dog?
As for the suspect he's charged with something for killing the dog.
Simple destruction of property, which would be a charge befitting the
act, is probably not enough to avenge beloved Bowser's death. Because
it's a cop-dog-on-duty the penalty is probably more than restitution and
some community service. Jail time for defending yourself against an
attack dog?
I think maybe our society is suffering from a form of mass insanity
induced by the fucking television programming. LE seem to think they're
John Wayne or Steven Segal. They actually believe the brain-dead, binary
morality of pop fiction. Us vs Them, Good-guys vs. Bad-guys, Human vs.
Non-human. The lack of perspective is mind-blowing.

@_date: 1998-10-22 01:26:55
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
The toys are just getting too easy to deploy. Imaging, compression,
networking, mass storage etc...Fucking engineers, oops!
A few fronts: Political - this is the preferable way of dealing with this crap but
also the most disturbing because many of those in power seem to think
snooping is a wonderful idea. Tough to convince them that a little
uncertainty is a *good* thing.
Briefcase-sized EMP - fun idea but I don't know how to make it workable.
HV generator on the end of a stick - not too tough.
High power LASER to burn out CCDs - buy anonymously, nice, works from a
safe distance.
What's needed are moles to leak detailed info on systems as they're
planned and installed. Then it would be easy to determine the weak
points. If each camera had to be guarded there would be a *huge* problem
just keeping the systems alive.

@_date: 1998-10-23 01:38:47
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: PRNGs and testers. 
I found Bruce Schneier's paper on PRNGs at somewhat eye-opening.

@_date: 1998-10-23 03:49:45
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: Evaluation of Vehicle Stopping Prototype ("Kill Switch") 
Like it or not our society needs a police force. They have a dangerous
and difficult job and I would never contend that the they should risk
their lives unnecessarily. Furthermore, the 'suspect's' behavior is not
defensible. But anyone who classifies a DOG as a HUMAN is DANGEROUS to
other humans.
That's FUCKING NUTS. Take the word manslaughter apart.
int Screwball_Disney_Justice( int victim ){
    int penalty;
    switch ( victim ){         case DOG :
        case MAN :
    	    penalty = ( MAX_PENALTY | BANKRUPTCY );
        default : // covers consentual violations
            penalty = BANKRUPTCY;
            break;
    }
    return penalty;
There are so many damn laws that anyone can be destroyed whenever the
powers that be decide they're inconvenient. So you think a human should
go to the gas chamber for killing a dog? Has the constitutionality of
this been tested in any recent cases? What about the punishment fitting
the crime? A few thousand bucks for a dog vs. a human life?
I like animals and I think they should be treated with some respect but
they are not people. My opinion of the incident was formed by the
treating of a dog as human and the human as animal. BTW - what is your opinion of recent proposed laws banning the use of
horses and dogs as food? A) Common sense.
B) How could you eat such nice, smart animals?
C) Tyranny of the Disneyfied majority.
D) Total Bullshit.
E) Both C and D.
IMHO - E.
What about cockfights? It usually lasts about 5-15 seconds and the loser
becomes lunch. There is no *significant* difference between buying the
chicken at the grocery and a cockfight. If you say that the difference
is one of enjoying the violence - grow up. Just because the violence on
the grocery store shelf is individually wrapped for your convenience
doesn't alter its nature.
Maybe we need a new law - a license to eat meat. Anyone who doesn't go
through a course on killing their own meat should not be issued a
carnivore permit with different stamps for different animal foods.
Before you write the rant off as rambling crap the theme is - moronic
personification and lack of perspective.
Fuck Walt Disney - Because he's been fucking with our heads for decades. Every girl a
princess, every boy a prince, every creature a human soul trapped in an
animal's body.
rant, rant, rant...

@_date: 1998-10-27 04:21:43
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Word choice 
Hunt all you want. The post-revolution utopia will be administered by
persons of the same mentality as those we have administering our
Democratic Republic now. They will use the same if not more advanced
techniques to acquire and maintain power. "Nature abhors a vacuum",

@_date: 1998-10-27 04:22:39
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Rendering ( was MIB Subponeas ) 
I'm all for reducing the risk of violence but...
Interest, capacity and willingness are insufficient when taken alone.
Collecting real names and addresses is, apparently, enough of a concrete
step to at least begin the "rendering" process. Through rendering we can provide many useful by-products including
fertilizer, soap, glue and a horrible stink downwind from the plant.
If an AP bot were renamed, for instance, a Collectively Rewarded Action
Program would it be as obvious a target? One could then post Action
Items and Action Rewards to it anonymously. Everything from cleaning the
litter off Rt 680 in Fremont to hosing Monsanto ( the foul-milk,
press-squashing, poison-cow BST boys ). Then what would be needed is
some sort of Eternity Service for an active server - detect tampering
and jump hosts.

@_date: 1998-10-27 04:28:03
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Cameras in Public Places 
These early systems have got to have some major problems. The appropriate way of dealing with them is to wait for some people to
be misidentified and then file suit against the municipality using the
equipment. Harassment, false arrest, invasion of privacy, abuse of
power, loss of reputation, loss of the ability to earn a living - take a
few of the cities for $10 or $20 million and they'll get the message
that they've been had by the SW vendors.
However much I like technology, it looks more and more like politics is
king. For now.

@_date: 1998-10-27 07:52:38
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Rendering ( was MIB Subponeas ) 
(Mr/Mrs/Ms) Hack,
Many thanks in advance for your generous and gracious assistance.
Please tell me where I've headed off the proper path.
Without having read any detailed descriptions I thought an AP bot might
do the following :
Form a token pool associated with some desired event.
Accept tokens from any source into that pool.
Transfer the entire pool of tokens to the entity that could demonstrate
foreknowledge of significant details of the actual event outcome.
Couldn't this be more general than just AP? Generalized it could be used
for any collectively rewarded effort but its main application looks like
anonymous conspiracy. This may be good, maybe not. What I was wondering
was if in a very generalized form the server might be "innocent," a mere
public bulletin board.
Also, couldn't a server like this be implemented as a distributed system
that could survive the destruction of some fraction of its body?
Again, I apologize for being slow but I do try.

@_date: 1998-10-28 07:10:41
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: No Subject 
Yup, I did my 100hrs of Physics, Chemistry and Math too. I like the way
the 'vacuum' behaves near very hi-Z nuclei.
And I find this very difficult to believe. Interesting that you use 'numbingly' to describe leprosy; it shows an
understanding of the nature of the infection. Be careful if you swim in
the freshwater streams in Hawaii. Better not have any cuts or abrasions!
More interesting, though, is this: why would a block cipher use key bits
rather than an LFSR to do input or output whitening? Is it strictly a
performance issue? Is it proven that doing this doesn't leak key bits in
some way?

@_date: 1998-10-29 06:18:46
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: No Subject 
OK. But if used prior to another cipher wouldn't it substantially
complicate the job of, say, looking for English letter distributions in
a test decryption?
I like the other explanation of the hash isolating the key bits from the
whitening operation and adequately serving the same purpose as another
Expensive how? In terms of CPU time?
What alternative makes traditional block ciphers obsolete?

@_date: 1998-10-29 06:22:17
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: personal tracking 
There was an SBIR solicitation for an amusing version of this several
years ago. They ( army? ) wanted a robotic version that would detect and
'affix' itself to the target. Probably been built already. I can see
them now : popping out of the ground like bouncing bettys, dropping from
trees like mountain lions, crawling up your leg like disease-carrying
ticks...each one with its own address and destruct code.
Connection to crypto - secure communications probably.
TITLE: Tracking and Reporting System (TRS)
OBJECTIVE: To conceive, design, implement, and develop a small
(vest-pocket-size) satellite transceiver that can be overtly (and
covertly) affixed to personnel, vehicles, or goods in transit for the
purpose of tracking and position reporting of the host.      Prev by Date: 1999 U$ budget for facial recognition      Next by Date: airline id      Prev by thread: 1999 U$ budget for facial recognition      Next by thread: airline id      Index(es):           Date           Thread

@_date: 1998-09-01 10:08:04
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: BEWARE of SnakeOil (tm) 
I'm a bit surprised that I don't see quite as much concern expressed
about hardware. If security is the goal isn't HW part of the chain?
Yeah, yeah, I know, there was a blip a while ago about Intel chips, Microsoft kernels and keyboard snooping but it had a depressingly short
half-life. Seems to me it would be pretty easy to create rfi on a chip
and get products through FCC approval with NSA blessing. Hell, you could
probably put a good amount of FLASH on a chip and give the OS a nice
safe place to store snooped stuff. The security gaps that could be
created in an operating system are as numerous as scoundrels in
Literally true but we all know the analogy of borders and speedbumps...
Doesn't this seem to point to the need for products with a CP seal of
approval? HW/SW/Tools?
I think that in the secure communications world I would rather be a wolf
amongst sheep in wolfskins than a wolf in sheep's clothing. It would
reduce the chances of my hide being nailed to the barn door. What I'm
trying to say in a less than literate way is that the issue will only be
closed when there are $99 consumer products that implement secure

@_date: 1998-09-02 11:54:41
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Cypherpunks HyperArchive 
It has been moved. I still read it because even though I have subscribed to the list I do
not get all of the mail that appears in the hyperarchive. The list so
far seems to be only about 40 e-mails each day. Lots of it is easily
spotted junk mail.

@_date: 1998-09-09 01:58:54
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: wired on y2k 
Water? Met a reactor designer from Los Alamos once who lived in some
super but isolated place in the Sangre De Christos. He had to drill some
3K ft for water. VERY EXPENSIVE. Ever seen the Peoples Broadcasting
Service piece about the "Cadillac Desert"? Water is just another utility
here. All automated.

@_date: 1998-09-09 23:39:21
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: radio net 
This is a very nice idea but tread carefully here. RF communications is
one area in which the no-domestic-crypto law IS established. The idea of
spies with shortwaves in their cigar boxes may seem hopelessly outdated
but I think the law still stands. Talk to some packet radio guys - I
think some have had trouble just sending unknown file formats. This was
a while back though - who knows - progress may have been made.

@_date: 1998-09-09 23:54:10
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Zooko on JYA, cpunks, and surveillance (was: Re: Can't tell the kooks without a scorecard? Re: Monkey Wrenching the Echelon Engine) 
Heard a good Jefferson quote on cpsan -
"Literalism is a hobgoblin of small minds" -Thomas Jefferson

@_date: 1998-09-10 11:20:58
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
Not that I've ever heard of. Besides, what's the difference between a
crypto telephone and a computer? None that is significant.
I suspect that the reason that there aren't any $99 cryptophones at
Wal-Mart is that there really is not a significant market. The average
person just doesn't care. And the consumer electronics business is so
competitive and cost-sensitive that adding cost as a matter of principle
is just not going to happen. Oh, I suppose it's possible that anyone
trying to introduce a product like this could run into LEA interference
- endless audits, supplier problems, FCC approvals, you name it but lack
of market is probably the simplest explanation.

@_date: 1998-09-10 11:38:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: oil, Re: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Can't wait.
I remember going to hear a Cornell geophysicist speak on this subject
about 17 years ago. The gist of his talk was that the porosity of the
mantle material had some unexpected variation vs. depth. This, along
with the nature of the natural gas fields in Louisiana and the content
profile of some oil reserves indicated a large amount of natural gas
reserves as part of the deeper structure. I don't know where this ever
went but it was pretty interesting at the time.

@_date: 1998-09-10 11:51:25
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Computer hard disc scanning by HM Customs & Excise 
The practice is as offensive as the KGB-like DWI roadblocks but don't be
so hasty to assume the long-term incompetence of the federales in any
country. If the interest in scanning PC's persists, or *dammit*
increases, there will be increased funding and somebody who is
technically capable will provide more sophisticated analysis tools.
Period. Better get used to it. I doubt the issue will just go away.
Design your CM accordingly.

@_date: 1998-09-10 14:34:37
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: oil, greens, recycling, and poly-ticks. 
Julia Child, when asked to what she owed her longevity, replied:
"RED MEAT AND GIN"
Anyone got a good recipe for a New Orleans style bourbon steak?

@_date: 1998-09-10 15:36:16
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Happy Fourth of July ( was : Re: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd)) 
Happy Fourth of July! and how did this thread start?
Actually these things are usually inverted so that the liquid is fed out
from the bottom so the hose probably won't act like a fuse. At least
until the liquid runs out and there is a combustible pathway into the
container. If you try this one could you get someone to videotape it
from a safe distance? It would make a great AVI for an 'anarchists on
the web' site.
At least mention nitrogen or helium. But COMPRESSED_AIR + GASOLINE? Are you one nut short of a matched pair? Gasoline scares the hell out of me. It should you.
You don't live anywhere near me do you?
You should try baking bread instead.
Don't you think this conversation should be continued on some AOL forum?

@_date: 1998-09-10 18:08:12
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Happy Fourth 
I'm -almost- ready to admit defeat and move on.
IMHO Marines burn just like the rest of us wimps. They just don't scream
as much.
AOED the biggest fire I've seen was the fire here in CA last month. 6-8
Million tires. Nobody had the balls to put that one out. At peak 1000X
your jet fuel deal. Scary. Very.
ISASI ( it sure as shit is ) if you're wearing it on your back. FYI 5 ounces mixed with compressed air in a metal container could easily
be fatal.
Yes, yes, PTMYT ( pleased to meet you too ).
Remember, shit draws flies. There'll just be more geniuses asking how to
make noncryptographic devices. I would enjoy some crypto-tech talk.
Found any cool primitive polynomials lately? Got a good block cipher
with a 4096 bit block size and an even bigger key space? Got some time
to donate to actually put together some good HW/SW systems?

@_date: 1998-09-11 11:35:53
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
Hi Bill,
I suppose we need more altruistic gestures placing good stuff into the
public domain.
The security is only between the handset and the base unit. Once the
signal hits the POTS it's the same old story - open line.
ALSO - the channels and the hopping sequence used in the
"spread-spectrum" systems are predefined. Kind of like making a stream
cipher with a very short bitstream you got from the government printing
orifice. Using any other sequence is a crime.
The real purpose of the spread spectrum phones is to allow increased
signal levels. The security is not robust.
Try this one:
Not particularly original - I would guess that Tim's 3DES phone is
something like this.
Wal Mart Plastics for the housing ( ever tooled plastics? $$$ )
Custom board
This will work very nicely at home or with any cell phone that has a
modem port. It's really nothing but a dedicated version of a PC based
PGP phone. It's just smaller and cheaper than a PC and has no MS DLLs on

@_date: 1998-09-11 18:32:39
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies 
It's worse than not impressive: it's PATHETIC. I thought we'd have 425
pages of real output relating to the last 6 years of "work" and 25 pages
of Monica. I'd rather finance $600 toilet seats and $1200 gold-plated
hammers with my tax money than Starr's brand of open political warfare.
It's simple, partisan, Rottweiler politics. The kind of stuff that makes
you leave your shoes outside the door when you get home at night.
I'd say hypocrisy is more of a hangin' offense, like horse thievin' or
cattle rustlin'. I seethe when I listen to an asshole like Arlin Spectre
or Jerry Falwell spouting off about Clinton. I'm no great fan of
Clinton's but the attackers in this particular shitstorm are lower than
pond scum. I can't wait till they crawl back to the cesspool they came

@_date: 1998-09-14 11:05:35
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies 
Nice point. But I guess I can't quite buy into it because I see no first order
differences between the Republocrats and the Demicans. The whole thing
looks to me like a redefinition of the rules of engagement in the same
old power struggle. Hardly Control vs. Kaos.

@_date: 1998-09-14 12:48:09
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: 023026.htm 
Pardon me if I'm a bit slow here but isn't this just a less
space-efficient form of key escrow? Shouldn't you keep the pad secret
and then trash it after use? And if a pad is distributed using a traditional encryption system isn't
the security of the "OTP" then the same as the method used to send it? Don't you need secret agents handcuffed to briefcases to distribute real

@_date: 1998-09-14 12:54:34
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I think we should add separate keys to drivers licenses that authorize
one to purchase plumbing components, red meat, optical components,
electronics devices, ammo, porno...just add it to a 2D barcode. It would
not be any inconvenience at all.
It looks like to get any significant distance you would want substantial
power. Then a possible downfall would be "unsafe use of a laser." I
think this is what was used some years back when people started playing
around with laser eavesdropping devices. It makes no difference whether
or not the power levels or use are actually dangerous: in the minds of
most :
 LASER \
( Spectre + evil_conspiracy + guys_in_labcoats + flash_fried )
Call lots of optics guys who would show how misalignment could cause
stray reflections, eye specialists to talk about retinas etc...still a
good idea for *local* neighborhood. Have you got any specific info on
what is already commercially available? BTW - It would probably be easy to map one of these nets using an
appropriate imaging device because there would be a number of sources of
stray light. Turn on the right camera and the spiderweb shows up. I see
a plane going overhead at night, a little upwind, dispersing a fine,
*harmless* dust, storing away a few frames of data as the dust drifts
across the landscape...
You could easily cut a coax into the turf bewteen two houses. The
hardest thing to track or shut down would be a distributed system that
had some unpredictable bridges in it. Build a FrankenNet - sewn together
from all sorts of obscure pieces.

@_date: 1998-09-14 20:12:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: IP: A CLINTON DIRTY BOOK STORY 
I can think of several versions of this:
a. simple money and politics - company wants big $ deal, contributes to
right politicians. ( |$| > |USA| ) --> fast track for deal
b. round 2 of crypto-AG - they want to listen to the Chinese so they had
better be the equipment vendor. Who operates the satellites that the
Chinese radios use?
You might say that to meet US Intelligence needs the range of products
available outside the US should be minimized and those that are shipped
should come from companies that cooperate with the NSA. It makes some
*small* amount of sense but certainly plays hell with what an
entrepreneurial type might want to accomplish. Pretty unfair in that
regard. Especially since they have no visible control over
extraterritorial ventures anyway. Civilian interest and capability in
crypto must piss these guys off beyond belief. Stupid Constitution!

@_date: 1998-09-15 18:40:44
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Larry Gilbert, AOLers, and the Hyper-real flamer 
I went to a cypherpunks meeting in Mtn View last Saturday. I was
hesitant because I expected a multimedia, in-your-face version of the
list. Surprise!!! This crew is smart, experienced, rational and they are
actually working. Even though the topic of the day, IPSEC and secure
DNS, is not a technical area that I know or care to learn right now, I
was impressed. Night and day : list and meeting. When a project comes along that
interests me, I'm in. ps - I wish I could offer legal expertise or lots of money *when* the
Constitutional battle over domestic controls gets more direct.

@_date: 1998-09-15 18:53:18
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Democracy... 
Just look around the world to see what happens when those two get

@_date: 1998-09-16 14:05:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Democracy... 
Altruistic on the surface. Regarding religion though, why do I always
get the feeling that when implemented and empowered it is judgemental
and intolerant of those who do not fall properly in line?
All right Mr. Logic, you're so sharp, give me ONE example of a *moral*
We do: speed of light, mass of the electron, probably, but behavior? We
have behaviors that facilitate our persistance and propagation as a
species at ever increasing densities. Operating outside the boundaries
is neither right nor wrong, simply different. Not necessarily without
consequences, but simply different. Your yardstick is an hallucination
to which you cling to forlornly like a kitten clinging to a stick in a
raging river.
ps - is 'forlornly' really a word? I think so, but it looks odd today.

@_date: 1998-09-16 14:09:53
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: US Updates Crypto Policy 
Considering that domestic controls are not discussed they are certainly
mentioning a lot of activities that sound like they would be taking
place here in the US. They also mention a wide range of LEAs that would
welcome domestic controls. Is this just a continuation of the attempt to control domestic use by
export policy?

@_date: 1998-09-16 17:07:18
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Would Congress have been affected by the CDA? 
I suppose that allows them to enjoy the material under the guise of
saving the rest of us from it. Or maybe, just maybe, they want to punish
somebody because they are unable to partake of the feast without feeling
guilt strong enough to cause sphincter lockup.

@_date: 1998-09-16 20:58:36
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Gore, Others on Crypto Policy 
They sound too satisfied; as if they don't really need domestic controls
anymore. I see the references to Cisco and the promotion of GAK. I
choose "d) All of the above." Have they been hanging around Intel, Sun
and Microsoft lately?
I expect also that some key congresspeople have signed up. The recent
embassy events may have eased their minds about the Constitution. Isn't
this technique referred to as the "We'd have to kill you if we told you
but if only you knew what we know..." routine? We can expect some sort
of suspension-of-the-Bill-of-Rights-if-crypto-is-involved laws to begin
their journey next year. You're free to use any crypto you want to but
if we say 'give us the key' you'll be in jail until you do, 1st, 4th and
5th be damned. Isn't that more or less the case with controlled
Need a clean machine and an on-line machine now. Copper room. Sneakernet
between the two. What is 'TA'?
What is 'National Technical Means'?

@_date: 1998-09-18 14:00:28
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Mobile phone tracking, pagers, etc 
Tasty. Especially if one's partner in crime has taken the same
To the LEAs: technology giveth and technology taketh away.
BTW - do these phones have a modem connector? If not could one be added?
Then you get end-to-end privacy too.

@_date: 1998-09-18 14:42:03
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Scorched Earth 
Let's see, Starr's inquiries into Clinton sex life *could* be seen, by a
sympathetic onlooker, as a very elaborate trap which angered Clinton
sufficiently that he became careless and fell into it. This leads to the
resounding cries of "if he lied UNDER OATH about his *S*E*X* life what
ELSE is he lying to us about?" This is OK because the investigation was
carried out under a legal authority.
Meanwhile, back in Congress, the Republicans are decrying Hyde's
affair's disclosure as a horrible, unwarranted attack with the intent to
"intimidate and obstruct justice" and the Parties are trying to cover
their own asses by declaring a truce regarding smear campaigns and dirt
digging. So, this type of disclosure by civilians through a *free* press
is "wrong" and should be prevented.
Scorch on, I say. If they are afraid to have us dig into their
extramarital affairs what else are they hiding from us? Tobacco deals,
arms deals, kickbacks, pageboys? How deep is this dirt they're covering
The only downside is that after the shit has all fallen to earth the
only persons who will dare to run for office under the new rules of
engagement will be worse than what we have now even if they're
squeaky-clean from a morals perspective.

@_date: 1998-09-18 15:59:14
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Democracy... 
Flogging a dead horse may serve a purpose: the steaks that show up on
your grocer's shelves might be a bit more tender. I have not tried to
say that morals lack value, simply that they are not absolutes.
One person's Utopia is, invariably, another's Hell. Utopia is not
achievable. Many have tried. All have failed. All future attempts will
fail. Any system that fails to acknowledge this will be insufferable.
"Heaven, heaven is a place, a place where nothing, nothing ever happens"
-Talking Heads- (More Songs About Buildings and Food?)
PS : are you a Physicist?
This one deserves some reading but I suspect that 'not if you're the
Gamma = 1 --> Lorentzian = Newtonian. Gamma = 1 if you are the electron
being measured. It is still the same after it has been accelerated, it
just reads differently from the outside.

@_date: 1998-09-18 16:14:42
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) The Nature of Religion 
Lots of scientists look pretty religious about their 'science' to me.
Their untestable assumption being that they are capable of comprehending
what may be beyond them. Try reading His Master's Voice' by Stanislaw
Lem: very nice piece of fiction.
I'm now an avowed Apatheist - I don't give a damn what the answers to
unanswerable questions are. Especially when those answers come from
someone with an obvious agenda. Is that religious? Put a worm on the hook, pop the top off my beer. Argh! It's Coors. I
only wish it were imaginary. If not Guiness, at least let it be a
Happy Friday,

@_date: 1998-09-18 17:25:04
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Questions for Magaziner? 
My gut feeling is that if a search turns up an encrypted file then, by
golly, what you see is what there is, make a bit-accurate copy and be on
your way, what's in my head belongs to me. But is that what the courts,
scared shitless of hordes of child molesters and terrorists conspiring
via secure e-mail and phones, will say? They'll probably avoid attacking the 1st and 4th( already weakened by
the war on drugs ) and attack the 5th with a 'greater good' argument and
the analogy of the locked safe. This requires an explanation of how the
stored documents are the modern-day .equivalent. of physical paper and
should be treated as such. It's only spitting distance from there to the
idea that a memorized key is the same as a physical key in which case
its owner doesn't enjoy the protections of the 5th. Hand it over Jack.
The law has to adapt to the changing technology. No need to outlaw
cryptography; just redefine the boundaries of the power to destroy.
Mike PS - How does a grant of limited immunity work?

@_date: 1998-09-18 18:54:20
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) The Nature of Religion 
Don't know, don't trust anyone else's answer therefore don't really care
about the question. I'll contemplate it while sitting by the pool (
still at 88 degrees without a heater! ) after lots of margaritas. NYU, eh. Whether this is all real or I'm just a brain in a tank
somewhere playing every part and doing props too, I love the restaurant
hunting in The City. I can't take the population density for too many
days in a row but it's *great* for a visit. Crack dealers still
operating openly in WSP?

@_date: 1998-09-21 11:48:20
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Completely illogical. Give me one good reason not to lead with your best
punch? I suspect Starr's work is voluminous but weak on all other counts
so he led with what would create the most publicity. I've said that I'm
no great fan of Clinton's but this entire investigation is blatantly
partisan and has brought the political process in this country about as
low as it is possible to bring it. Starr's base approach to justice is the opening shot of what I hope
turns into an all-out scorched-earth battle. Let 'em all fall down. I'm
just afraid that when it's over the only people who will be willing to
run for public office will be truly dangerous people who have no respect
for liberty not of their own definition.

@_date: 1998-09-21 12:05:07
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? 
Not in my book but look very carefully at INS law. It may have to do
with documentation generated during his admission to the country rather
than after. INS law, to a nonlawyer, looks like the Constitution can be
held at arm's length. Still sounds pretty shaky. After all, who
remembers everything? I can't even remember what I had for supper last
night no less the names of all the people I've worked with in the last
few years.

@_date: 1998-09-21 13:23:45
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? 
Not too long ago the New York State Court of Appeals struck down some
local ordinance outlawing public profanity stating that it was
unconstitutional. Looks like not all courts are enemies of the Bill of
Rights. Bottom line is that you can say 'Fuck You' in New York. That's
not to say that some tallboot won't abuse his power and crack your skull
or set you up if you dis him.
Perhaps you could deliberately mislead them without actually
representing the information as true. Would these disclaimers indicate
that the following information is not suitable for any purpose and that
the provider takes no responsibility for any confusion resulting from
the use of the information? Like a Microsoft software license. A
tail-light warranty for the spoken spam.
I heard that ...
I believe that ...
In my opinion ...
I'm not sure ...
I don't recall exactly ...
I think you should consider looking into ...
It is possible that ...
I thought that ...
What if ...
Didn't he once ...
Or use these:
I'm truly, truly sorry I can't help you. Would you like some more
Piss off.
Silence is allowed, 5th ammendment. Where in the BOR does it say that
this only applies under oath in a court of law?
Golly, can't lie under oath, can't lie not under oath. Can't just be
quiet. I guess they win. Justice prevails.

@_date: 1998-09-21 14:12:50
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
In spite of their  shortcomings, many of today's politicians
in both parties seem to be fairly pragmatic, 'middle of the road' types.
If the only people who can pass muster under the emerging standards are
religous fundamentalists then we will have a Bill of Rights under attack
problem that is another order of magnitude greater than we have right
now. Scares me because while I'm pretty much a live and let live sort,
some of the fundamentalists I've known are not very tolerant.

@_date: 1998-09-21 14:18:02
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... 
A freshly formatted partition has a fill value. Noise would indicate
that is is not fresh. This would not be proof that it contained
encrypted data but it would indicate some sort of use. Another layer: Then the partition would be arguably "in normal use" and it could get
tough to prove the nature of the unused space. You could even leave some
space filled with the format fill value. Not sure how to hide the app.
maybe as passphrased option in some innocuous custom application.
Accounting app?
The possibility of them taking a hash and saving it for later comparison
is a problem.
Just do a drive ID command and you can figure out how many logical
sectors are there. Add up the elements in the partition table and look
for a difference. Unused space -esp that filled with noise- is suspect. Just the existence of a "hidden" partition might might get the juices
It would be truly beautiful if you could alter the drive firmware to
identify itself as a 3Gb drive when it was actually a 5 Gb drive. Add
some kind of extended command to the drive that allowed you to
activate/deactivate the extended region at will. Without a password of
course, the additional command would just report the appropriate error.
Then just make sure you have an extra slot in the partition table to
address the extended region unless you want to write a low-level driver.
Any Quantum or Maxtor persons on the list?
Security requires hardware and software.

@_date: 1998-09-21 14:25:22
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Chemical Analysis of Laptop strap. 
Just wait until you've had a cavity search and been grilled for four
hours because you fed Miracle-Gro to your prize peonies just before
leaving on your trip. It's pretend security. Feel-good stuff. Better to
do NMR of any large-volume object although the magnetic field migh fuck
up your drive.

@_date: 1998-09-24 11:46:42
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Additional drive/stego/tempest/customs NOIZE 
Dear Sir,
Sunder Wrote:
Through the *magic* of taxation and government contracts the opponents
you are so casually dismissing as dull-witted drones are your peers. So
unless you really are smarter than everyone else I would say that your
above statement is rash.
If the motivation to snoop is strong enough the resources will be put
into place by the current crop of ground-dwelling representatives and
any imaginable technology could be applied to the *problem*. I doubt in
this case, at this time, that the motivation is enough to pay for a
database of EMI analyses of PC bootups.
I found this one interesting: Our elected representatives probably believe this official-looking
analysis more than they do mere citizen's opinions.
I have LOTS of copper materials. I have a source for conductive paints.
Could you suggest a good source for ferrites in powder and tile form?
All this to insure my privacy whilst I compute in my own house! The
snoopers have, by their very existence, a chilling effect on speech.

@_date: 2000-12-01 13:50:04
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Pigs Blind Woman, Then Arrest Her for "Interfering"  
It's a top-down problem. They're only doing what they believe is their
job as defined by their controllers. These sort of events just show what
those in power think of their fellow citizens. Expect it to get worse if
we get a Republican-controlled government and the resulting Republican
Supreme Court appointees. Just look at the dissenters in the recent
Indianapolis Drug Search decision. The Republicans seem to be more
authoritarian than the Democrats though overall they both stink like
last week's fish guts.

@_date: 2000-12-04 11:13:05
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: manual crypto 
I've got sources kicking around somewhere that do this with noise
patterns in monochrome bitmaps. I'm not sure if the effect using ascii
is achieved in the exact same way - no doubt it is very closely related
but not as dense as the bitmaps.

@_date: 2000-12-05 18:06:41
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention  
Jim Choate wrote :
to be
To prove destruction of evidence you must prove that it existed in a
form that was retrievable ( good luck ) and then that its destruction
was done by a person who was aware of the crime ( not always so in the
networking world ) for the purpose of concealing the crime( burden of
proof on you ). I clean disk space randomly and not according to any
Erase away, but not on the evil MS platform.
The whole idea that a government can assert some sort of eminent domain
over all communications is offensive beyond words.

@_date: 2000-12-05 20:47:35
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Data Logs 
The bloke with the extra ventilation notwithstanding, with an open OS
and open applications it seems easy to do pretty much whatever you want
with disk data and logs regardless of what the letter of the law says.
Electronic data is so malleable that its use as evidence seems
questionable to begin with. It's not like a gun or a car which has a
physical presence and cannot be duplicated or altered *quite* as readily
as bits. ( Though I would expect some coarse grit emery run down the
barrel and some random prick punch action on the bolt might do wonders
for ballistic analysis ). This whole mess of communications and data
privacy and copyright will be plaguing us for a long time and the most
likely outcome is authoritarian legislation. Unless some Bush SC
appointees are libertarians. Seem pretty likely?

@_date: 2000-12-05 23:53:05
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Keystroke monitoring 
What are the problems with something like the Compaq iPaq? Open HW
design, replaceable OS. Buy for cash. Possession is somewhat obscured.
If you can boot external SW ( no reason why not ) you can check the ROM
integrity. The CPU is relatively quick. Looks OK to me. Has audio i/o
too. Too bad no enet on-board.

@_date: 2000-12-06 09:00:46
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: iPaq 
The device has extension ports that allow PCMCIA and Compact Flash.
These adapters are in the $50 range. There are wireless modems available
but they're fairly pricey : ~$350 for the modem, $50.month for the
service. All in all it looks pretty good. Schematics/specs open, Linux/X
already ported. The specs are reasonable ( unlike Palm ) it's a 206MHz
ARM9, USB, Audio, 320x240x12bit display, 16Mb FLASH, 32Mb DRAM if I
recall correctly. Throw in a 512Mb IBM microdrive, CFS, it's not bad.
Looks like the most secure option to me. Gateway SW over USB ( even for
M$ OS ) shouldn't be too tough. I guess you could trust an M$ machine to
handle already encrypted packets.

@_date: 2000-12-07 09:45:25
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: RIP cracked via encryption? [The Register] 
MOOT was on cryptome days ago.
Also isn't the idea plenty old, EKE for instance?
What MOOT seems to be addressing are some of the practical problems of
insecure systems in addition to the basic crypto.

@_date: 2000-12-07 12:35:38
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: rijndael question 
On the rijndael page I see this note below the optimized code link :
mathematical >description, and to run the statistical test. Without
modification, it should not
What exactly does this mean? The code is not correct and functional?

@_date: 2000-12-12 09:19:09
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Geodesic Fractal Whatitz 
We *do* all trade with our neighbors so your term is only trouble when
looking at the wrong part of the geometry. With trade the measure should
not be based on physical space or network geometry, those are transient
and permutable, rather the measure should be based on the proximity of
the parties in terms of goods consumed, goods produced and pricing. The
networks are not electrical or geographical they're economic. So while
it does affect cost all this communication and transportation technology
is only the physical layer.

@_date: 2000-12-13 14:40:44
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Geodesic Fractal Whatitz 
Well I'll be! I guess you did!
Mathematically I think that's correct.
Isn't the blockage the idea that a structure ( the economic network )
must necessarily reflect 1:1 the underlying structures ( transport,
communication ) on which it depends? the idea that network == internet ?
Just the thing to keep the softening economy afloat. Pass it on to the new prez, he'll like it and it will the communication
of his ideas to the citizens more effective.
Paradigm shifts are very real. Every time I spend 20 cents. Isn't the
"synergy" on this list encouraging?

@_date: 2000-12-13 18:37:23
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Link to e-commerce bullshit engine 
AKA privacy commies.
Also don't leave out the privacy right-wingers : AKA privacy fascists.
Why not implement a object-oriented mission-critical dynamic
cross-platform inflammatory e-synergistic extensible convergence of
next-generation schemas leveraging of out-of-the-box religious,
political and civil rights plug-and-play back-end technologies?
If we throw in some more categorical chaff we can make a set :
 Privacy Athiests - think privacy doesn't exist ( that guy at Sun )
 Privacy Agnostics* - don't care about privacy ( 99% of population )
 Privacy Fundamentalists - a very religious group fer sure.
 Privacy Iconoclasts - destroyers of privacy, politicians and marketeers
   Subclass Leftist-Commies
   Subclass Right-Wing-Fascists
   Subclass Opportunists
 Privacy Activist - any non-tuberous member of one of the above
 Privacy Criminal - any Privacy Fundamentalist with the Activist bit
 Privacy JackbootThug - any Privacy Iconoclast with the Activist bit
*Privacy Agnostics have no Activist bit.
nothing new under the sun : I like some of the comments :
Congratulations! So simple yet so elegantly fecal!
                     Peter L.
The bullshit generator is bullshit. I saw the same stuff 10 years ago.
                     anonymous

@_date: 2000-12-15 12:59:40
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Final Carnivore Report Offers No New Answers  
It's all well and good to hear this coming from a Congressman but this
is a Republican Congressman who is using it as a opportunity to attack a
Democratic Administration : should we read anything into this statement
regarding some significant difference between the two parties in regards
privacy and 4th Ammendment issues?

@_date: 2000-12-20 11:34:39
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Keyboard logging 
It is possible using external HW to get keycodes and random numbers into
a machine and to an application bypassing the entire OS keycode path (
hiding the codes, timing and quantity ) and to generate a simple font
engine to allow an app to display characters without going through the
OS font engine. In this way you could create a slightly secure app ( a
mail client for instance ) on an insecure system like windows. It would
still be easily attacked if it were specifically a target but would
probably be immune to any general purpose loggers in either the keyboard
path ( except on the kyb itself ) or the OS font engine. If you think the OS font engine can be trusted then you can create an
app that given a handle feeds the keycodes to any standard application.
Obviously your keys and plaintext will be in memory so could be copied
by another thread that knew where to look.

@_date: 2000-12-21 09:19:19
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CPRM - Cryptome 
Found this on Cryptome. I kinda prefer more passive storage devices that do exactly what they're
told to do. Anyone know of sources for technical details? The dvd/flash CPRM spec is available here ( hardcopy only ). Anyone got
an on-line version?
I suppose it'll be easier to get when it hits the ATA spec.

@_date: 2000-11-09 15:44:38
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CDR: The Canine Excrement Effect 
The Canine Excrement Effect : whereupon having stepped squarely into a
fresh heap, the weary traveller experiences an epiphany and declares,
"whether it's on my right foot or my left is irrelevant, it's foul and
it stinks" then proceeds to perform an erratic twisting, sliding dance
across the grass in an attempt to remove the muck, a small portion of
which has become lodged between the sole and the upper, possibly

@_date: 2000-11-20 10:00:34
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CDR: RE: The cause of uncertainty in the election outcome. 
However the recounts work out I think it's pretty clear that in the
statitical sense we have a tie. The uncertainties are far larger than
the measured difference. Even the national totals are within about 0.1%.
This is probably 1 or 2 orders of magnitude less than the percentage of
disqualified ballots. So much for the significance of the popular vote.
Send the damn thing to Congress already.

@_date: 2000-10-03 06:05:29
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gore Office Accused of e-mail Diversion 
I see no big deal here : you can only produce records that exist. Making
the choice to delete e-mails simply means that you want them to be more
like a conversation than a printed document. Destroying a document prior
having received an order to produce it as far as I know is no crime.
Almost like an ISP service having a stated policy of not keeping logs
beyond some fixed time period. Next.
What I would love to see is one of our sneaky little politicians being
ordered to turn over e-mails and offering them in encrypted form. Let's
see how they would feel about compelled disclosure of keys.

@_date: 2000-10-03 15:12:05
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: gore e-mails 
Possibly personal e-mails are different. A matter of address maybe? Al@
vs. veep

@_date: 2000-10-06 16:09:23
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: stego for the censored 
Since the amount of information you need to send and the channel/event
capacity for stego'd information are unspecified maybe you're looking
for a general solution. Part of a general solution might be a
scatter-gather mechanism.
The information you need to send is broken up into multiple pieces and
an index. The simplest method would be a flat structure but a tree is
acceptable. Redundancy via overlapping segments could be introduced.
Redundancy/error correction might be useful if Mallet is inclined for
example to mess with whitespace in your e-mail. Anyway, the pieces are
stego'd into multiple carriers that are made available via any and all
protocols. Once a recipient has the top-level index they can gather the pieces and
reconstruct the original. Scattering the information over multiple sites and accessing it via
valid sets of linked pages for example might help in disguising the act
of retrieving any particular carrier. A typical browse sequence might
include many unused files and only one carrier. A single carrier might serve various fragments from multiple original
input documents intended for different recipients. If a single carrier is safe and acceptable a webcam might be a nice
broadcast for a few channels of text. It does simplify the task of
identifying the sender and making a list of possibly recipients. A
shifting set of sources would probably be safer.
Message fragments could be transmitted over any period of time with the
top-level index being the final step. That would help the sender avoid
detection of the actual transmission since it could be interleaved with
other activities.
Likewise reception could be over an arbitrary period of time and
interleaved with other activities.
There's a high bandwidth cost associated with the scatter-gather process
but it does allow arbitrarily sized messages and I'm assuming the cost
of getting caught is extremely high as is the desire of authorities to
view content, locate the sender or other recipients and suppress the
information if it is detected.

@_date: 2000-10-09 14:29:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: stego for the censored 
These regimes are likely to suspect conspiracies whether or not they are
actually occurring. Look at our McCarthy era. Assume the jumper cables
will be applied whether there are secret messages or not. If you want to
actually communicate then you have to risk SOMETHING.
Scatter-gather is just a mechanism to handle arbitrary sizes of messages
and add some potential cover traffic. It is no less safe than any single
exchange of stego data. Possibly it is more safe since the data density
in the carriers can be made very low and an observer cannot easily
isolate a complete carrier set from the cover traffic.

@_date: 2000-10-10 11:24:24
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Warrantless Searches, S.2516 
Get with the program Bob, they're not "warrantless searches", they're
searches (AKA fishing expeditions) conducted pursuant to an
"Administrative Subpoena."
Which seems to be very common in child support legislation, EPA,
Financial Institution's production of records, OSHA, SEC, IRS etc...
It looks to me like a weakening of the Constitution in the sense that it
effectively lowers the standard for conducting a search of someone's
effects to the level of an agency rather than a court. Not that courts
are tough to convince. It's truly evil but it addresses many agency's
concerns of getting what they want in a timely manner. I say make them
go through a judge for any and all searches but hey, they have the black
hellicopters don't they?
Here's an excerpt with some familiar equestrians :
Lastly, H.R. 3048 also grants Secret Service the ability to obtain
administrative subpoenas for use in their investigations. The only
agency currently allowed to issue administrative (limited subpoenas
issued by the Attorney General for information), is the Justice
Department. These subpoenas can only be issued by the Justice Department
in relation to crimes involving drugs, federal health care
investigations or the sexual exploitation or abuse of children. The
measure allows the Treasury Secretary to issue an administrative
subpoena for investigations of threats:
      against the President, Vice President, and their spouses or
immediate families;       against former presidents and their spouses,       against candidates for President or Vice President, their spouses
and immediate families;       against visiting foreign heads of state or other distinguished
foreign visitors protected by the Secret Service. We're right back to the same old issue of forced disclosure of keys.
"Here are the records you asked for but I don't think you'll be able to
make much use of them"...RIP-USA can't be too far away. It's probably
here already since my guess is that should you offer records in
encrypted form any Administrator or Judge would say that you are in
contempt since you effectively have the records in your possession and
refused to produce them. So much for technology.

@_date: 2000-10-12 10:27:50
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gov. Bush links Columbine massacre to Internet use 
G.W.Bush is mentally negligible. He's fully capable of linking Scooby
Doo to the Columbine Massacre. And while right-wingers just attack the
BOR from a different angle than left-wingers, Bush **may** be the
minimal damage choice this time around. It's not a pretty picture.

@_date: 2000-10-17 13:25:30
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Think Cash 
Riddles ought to be tough for a machine to solve. Language and shades of
meaning seem less easily rendered as mathematical problems than

@_date: 2000-10-23 11:24:32
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CDR: Any Comments? 
This sounds a little far-fetched to me. At the very least there have to
be lots of items missed every day...

@_date: 2000-10-25 08:56:20
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CDR: Nathan's fear of nothingness 
Isn't that a CP thread hallmark? Is this a preview of item 2) ?
All 100% true and anyone who disagrees is full of shit but you seem to
have missed subparagraph a) where people in their wonderful and
surprising variety have filled the void by assigning their own personal
values to their lives and the world around them. Values which they hold
dearly and do not have to justify to anyone unless they choose to.
Again, an accurate but useless observation. At least the accomodations
are good and we don't usually have to work on weekends and can get out
to the occasional ballgame or fishing trip while we wait for the
confirmation of our ultimate meaninglessness.
Here we go again. 100% true and 100% useless. People have those rights
which they choose and are able to guarantee themselves either
individually or as a tribal group.
Aha! Now we see the arbitrary values inherent in the system. Fleeing
from nihilism you have arrived at your current Pain Avoidance Value Set.
It is one of many possible sets. You would impose impose these values on
others as far as possible ( power thing ). Standard human behavior.
Nothing new or profound.
Arbitrary value set  vs. Arbitrary value set  Actually more of a
continuum where self-interest, and community interest ( and sometimes
looniness ) defines the camps and the players are free to choose.
Steal from them if you can but keep in mind that they will try to
protect themselves from your attempts to impose your arbitrary values on
yawn. Since when has Agreement of any sort been a desired outcome?

@_date: 2000-10-31 11:00:10
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bush Calls Administration Encryption Policy "Outdated" 
regulated by
This Bush bit may sound positive but I expect increasingly draconian
legitimate access legislation from both parties. Neither of them can be
trusted and they will settle for nothing less than an absolute right to
gather information and force key disclosure when they can't read it. If
they can't have what they want today they will work towards tomorrow.
Nonstop, like ants or termites.

@_date: 2000-10-31 12:19:52
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Visit a hacked site, loose your computers. 
Wouldn't the time of the hack be pretty well known and wouldn't the RPI
firewall logs be timestamped or am I naive?
Is knowledge being used as evidence of guilt?

@_date: 2000-10-31 14:41:51
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Visit a hacked site, loose your computers. 
I meant naive in my guess at what level of detail was recorded. Wouldn't
those same logs and those of the Yankee's ISP also show that his IP address
and equipment was NOT connected at the time of the break-in? Shouldn't his
lawyer immediately go after those records before they are conveniently
I've -never- underestimated to potential for abuse of power wherever it
This is the biggest problem.And also the greatest weakness.
Poking at ports is no crime. Or is it?
No crime a'tall - we're just GovCorp property these days.

@_date: 2000-09-05 12:23:59
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: export reg timewarp? (Re: RC4 source as a literate program) 
There is still the prior restraint of having to notify BXA when code is
And there is still the influence of the securty types over export
Also there is the recent DeCSS nonsense. Linking is not speech?
So what is interesting to me is not so much crypto export regs as it is
when is something speech and when is it not. I'm pretty much at peace
with my own opinion that I can write and publish in electronic form
anything that I can on paper in any language I please and that nobody
has any business trying to control me. The different treatment of
electronic vs. paper publishing is still open even if the crypto regs
have been tweaked

@_date: 2000-09-12 13:58:53
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: DNA 
Does UV light destroy DNA? I know it is a reasonable way to sterilize
water ( with some caveats ) which it does by denaturing proteins. If DNA is also destroyed would not a baseball eventually become
invalidated just by sitting on a shelf? What other weaknesses are there? As someone wears and handles clothing, washes it along with clothing
worn by others wouldn't the DNA become damaged or contaminated? Is it only useful as a mfr to retail validation?
Sounds trendy but I'd bet it has problems.

@_date: 2000-09-12 16:01:10
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [OT] California senator tries to mandate remote kill switches 
Oh, I believe it. It fits right in with the "tort reform" platform.
I enjoy the rhetorical device of visiting death and destruction on the
bad guys and clearly there is no shortage of politicians whose actual
passing out of this life -by unspecified means- would make the world a
safer, cleaner place but calling McVeigh a "freedom fighter" is off the
mark. 0 points for that one. Anyway, I'd like to see some details about that Halt disease so that
when my car catches it the vaccine development is already well underway.

@_date: 2000-09-12 17:00:35
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Abortion Assasination Politics likely going to Supremes  
It may actually be extremely difficult to create an APster.
The violent anti-abortion movement's method for coping with coexistent
conflicting thoughts and behaviors is a form of dysfunction not unlike
that of a stroke patient who sees himself in a mirror and is unable to
perceive his own paralysis or similar paralysis in others. A moribund
arm can be perceived as functioning normally. A half-paralyzed face can
be perceived as smiling left and right. Amazing. Pathetic.
Or criminal. Were I a doctor I would consider the Nuremberg Files site a
direct and credible threat. The jury decision was the correct one. Were the roles swapped and abortion completely outlawed why does it seem
unlikely that the legalize abortion movement would be listing for
termination or firebombing Fundamentalists? Which would you prefer as
your next door neighbor?

@_date: 2000-09-12 19:04:43
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Abortion Assasination Politics likely going to Supremes 
I'll stipulate that the common citizen, when faced with a tirade about
killing those who perform abortions and a list of names and addresses of
offenders, would not immediately put 2 and 2 together to make 3 and
start killing doctors. Now put yourself in the position of an average
citizen who sees his own name in the list following a tirade about
killing those who drive gasoline-guzzling, polluting, Corolla-crushing
SUVs. I'm sure he would feel threatened. So the site in question is not
the same as a site that simply expresses a political opinion or
distributes instructions on how to create dangerous devices. It is more
like a site that distributes this info and then list specific targets
that should be considered as applications. The site owners took a
concrete step towards carrying out a threat : they gathered and
published personal information. I'm sure the appeal to the jury was
along these lines.
OTOH perhaps you're right that speech of all sorts should have the
highest of protections regardless of how it is perceived by a
vanishingly small number of persons in the audience be they potential
agents or targets. In which case the choice of methods for dealing with
threats would be left solely to the individuals who perceive them.
I suppose there's a downside either way. Can't win. Best you can do is
break even. And you can't even do that.

@_date: 2000-09-12 19:41:55
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Why? 
Only accomplishments :     a greal deal of pain for some plain folks
    a loss of legal ground that may never be recovered
Altruism and patriotism were not factors
I can't imagine what was
Broken eggs, not one trace of an omelette
Negative points I'd say.
Oh well.

@_date: 2000-09-15 09:32:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: SWAT Team Guns Down 11 Year Old In His Own Home 
What life was going to be saved by this armed raid? Shouldn't the
standard for justifying such a raid be a bit higher than "it's a drug
charge your honor?" Who elected the "law and order" morality-spewing
politicians? We are our own worst enemy. We made this evil crawling

@_date: 2000-09-18 17:03:13
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: SW License 
How would such legislation affect those who call themselves SW :
 designers
 practitioners
 developers
 creators
 quality assessors
 implementors
 builders
 artists
 authors
 artisans
 ...
Because they are not licensed SWEs they would not be able to get their
obj modules signed to allow execution on legal HW? Illegal HW would be
detected and prosecutable?
An ineffective but burdensome SW Eng licensing bureaucracy will probably
be set up that will limit or control the access of some developers to
certain contracts or projects especially anything purchased using public
funds or "affecting the safety of the public".

@_date: 2000-09-19 11:25:53
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Um, if there's any hint of a trail back to the sender where's the
Trust the recipient to use a remailer chain for the return path. or not.
Include the return mail address in the body if you choose to. Isn't that
what anonymity is about? Placing the choice for the disclosure of
information and identity in the user's hands and nobody else's?

@_date: 2000-09-19 16:37:15
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Qualcomm CEO loses laptop 
Bad move. Apart from the insider trading sort of info that might be
present on the machine maybe the most interesting thing would be e-mail
or specs relating to LE access to communications systems. Maybe some
generous thief will forward some good material to John.

@_date: 2000-09-26 15:46:05
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my...  
Until recently the US government strictly controlled the strength of
 cryptography in software exported to different countries, in order
 to protect the government's ability to access and monitor
 communications data. The regulations were relaxed after pressure
 from industry but Madison believes that this may have driven the
 NSA to find ways to carry out surveillance. "They're not going to
 give in over exporting strong cryptography without getting
 something in return," he says. I can't believe that they would voluntarily enter a period of weakend
capabilities. My guess would be that he has the event ordering wrong.
More likely the security types had alternatives in place and this, along
with the easy flow of crypto code over the borders meant that relaxing
the crypto regulations would not alter the landscape. It might even
appease some of the privacy activists. Keep your eye on the birdie.
I'm still waiting for RIP-USA to rear its ugly mug.

@_date: 2000-09-26 16:45:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
How so? Our communications and financial systems are already pretty
transparent and yet commerce of all sorts is going full steam. States
and municipalities are eager to have tracking SW installed at vendors
who sell into their states. It will happen eventually : the Big Bro tax
tracker and business license manager thread will be required. And
businesses will not stop operating over the phone, through catalogs and
on the internet.
The part of RIP that I'm expecting to surface soon is the LEA access to
plaintext for both communications and stored data. THEY ( the black
helicopter, cattle slashing, alien dissecting, door crashing,
head-stomping,  universal snooper folks ) need that to protect our
children from Osama Bin-NAMBLA. And to collect taxes. Don't they?

@_date: 2000-09-27 11:19:08
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
That crap pile was an unintentional cut/paste goof.

@_date: 2000-09-28 12:38:39
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Choate physics again 
It is fun isn't it?
I think what he was trying to convey were the effects of reflection,
absortion and diffusion. Without having tried one of these devices or
knowing what wavelengths they use or the characteristics of building
materials at these wavelengths all I have is a gut feeling that says
you'll get not so much images as locations. He's probably right about
the windows being the primary vulnerability.
Next time I'm at Home Debit I'm going to see if they sell more kraft
paper or foil-faced insulation. Seems to me the foil is less common than
it used to be. Is this a new conspiracy? Fibreglass-AG?
So, if you're expecting to be raided and you don't want the fuggers to
know where you are, keep the house at about 95. That should help. For
about 15 seconds.
If you have an illicit heat source insulate it, cool it with water and
dump the heat down the drain or on the yard.

@_date: 2000-09-28 13:28:09
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
No expectation of privacy is too high. Just as the police are
"artificially" allowed to spy on people by being funded through public
monies that allow them manpower and equipment, they can be
"artificially" commanded to piss off. One artifice deserves another.
Allowing selective use of technology does seem to be a bad idea - it's
usually the authorities who are selected as allowed and anyone else
incarcerated after being economically destroyed. If we allow IR imaging
without restriction there will be legal precendents required and even
some economic benefits.
The fact of a higher than average electric bill or a heat source unlike
heat sources in similar buildings must be found to be evidence of
nothing beyond the use of electricity and subsequent generation of heat.
Zero justification for a search warrant.
The benny will be a whole new industry to make clothing with a high
metallic content. This would also work as a counter to the mm wave
imaging that has been around since the 80's and seems to be going

@_date: 2000-09-28 13:51:04
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
You're running these crypto modules on an MS OS? Plaintext is entered
via the PC HW/MS Drivers and then exists in memory on the MS system?
This probably describes the environment for most users, though not
necessarily most of those on this list. So why run any crypto at all? On
Linux, maybe, unless you installed a binary that was compromised or
there is a keyboard logger built into the chipset. But on MS it is
probably wasted cycles. Unless it gives you a warm fuzzy feeling, I
guess. Maybe I'm just paranoid.

@_date: 2000-09-28 14:14:20
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
I think that the typical indoor growers they go after are not starting a
few seedlings or lighting their African Violets. The typical find is an
entire room set up as a greenhouse. Those get pretty hot. I think in the
past step one has been to search Electrical Utilities records ( reduced
expectation of privacy? ) and look for statistical outliers. Then you go
image the place ( no expectation of privacy, apparently ) and say yup,
there's 2kW of lights in one room, can only mean one thing. Then they
don their gear and go bust some heads. Oops. I meant to say they get a
warrant and then they don their gear and go bust some heads. Unless
they're sure that some children are in danger then they skip right by
the warrant nonsense, don their gear and go bust some heads. They like
the busting heads part. It's cool.
They also follow people home from stores that supply hydroponics
equipment on the assumption that the only people who need this sort of
stuff are criminals. Seems buying hydroponics gear is cause to begin
The war on drugs is yet another case of the cure being worse than the
disease. In fact the cure is a whole new ( well, not that new ) vile
disease in itself.
BTW I tried the hydroponic vegatables thing once. Some fresh greens or
spices are nice but it's not economical to use electric lights

@_date: 2000-09-28 18:04:10
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Choate physics again 
Wasn't it grounding and Maxwell's equations last time? I can't believe
I'm falling for this again but here goes...
Actually I didn't write this ^
I wrote this : I think what he was trying to convey were the effects of reflection,
absortion and diffusion.  etc...
I am not an optics expert but I DO have a clue. And any coherence in the
light that hits the film in my Canon as I snap one poorly composed photo
after another is purely accidental unless the scene has been painted by
a targetting system.
What is a laser Jim? LASER
Amplification by the Emission of
An atom in an excited state, ie one that is not in the ground state, may
be stimulated to release a photon by an incoming photon. The most
interesting part of this is that the emitted photon after the
interaction is in phase with the incoming photon and in the same
direction. Get lots of these interactions taking place in the right
medium and you get a river of photons all in phase. That's what coherent
means in optics - in phase.
Check your Webster's and please read the definition that says "3.
Physics. ..."
Go to any optics book. Want references?
Thermal radiation ( what you are imaging with your snooperscope ) is not
coherent by any definition that I know of. You could say that light and an optical system form a "coherent" image
because the image is recognizable but that usage might be confusing
because of the common and accepted use of coherent with reference to
LASER light. Form an image is probably adequately descriptive.
The walls of the house do not "break the coherence." The more
interesting processes that would be going on at and in the walls of the
house would be reflection, scattering, absorption, diffusion( thermal)
and reradiation. These effects would probably vary widely with
construction materials and wavelength. The end result as these
wavelengths are incident on a wall might vary from little or no effect,
through blurring to outright shielding.
What your talking about is reflection, scattering, absorption etc...the
coherence of the light don't enter into it. Go back to your physics boooks Jim. You missed it again on this one.
Damn I could kick myself for even trying.

@_date: 2000-09-28 18:08:15
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
DH wrote :
Definitely the wrong place to draw the dotted line if you're truly
worried about your information.
Not enough.
Using an embedded system is not a new topic here. I think its the only
viable method of securing data.
On that note, given the little wireless gizmo of Tim's description, the
device could have, via appropriate applications on the insecure
host/transport gateway, access to a services on the host that would
expand its list of resources without compromising security. The obvious
useful resources are the network and mass storage though other i/o might
be interesting. All storage of course would be encrypted and never
available as plain text on the host. Any i/o used should not carry
information that is to be kept private, only as a means to transport
non-critical data into the PDA.
What is required is a PDA that is open sourced all the way down to the
HW. Is the Palm this way? I think I've asked this before but frankly I
don't remember the answer. There are probably others that are OK. Yopy
looks interesting. Which ones will still be around in a couple of years?

@_date: 2001-04-19 09:38:38
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven (Intellagora)  
If you're already adept with text analysis you should be able to do the
complementary operation. Make a system that gathers and analyzes
gigabytes of real-world text in order to normalize input text for use
with a nym and broaden the correlation with public writings. As it comes
more into use it will start analyzing itself with the end result that
vocabulary and variety will be minimized. The joys of positive feedback.
Call it baa-sheeplifier-baa.pl. It may not make reading a pleasure but
it could help in the neverending fight against *evil*.

@_date: 2001-04-19 10:51:14
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Group releases "Friendly AI guidelines" 
He'll probably claim to have never read I Robot.
Would that be L. Ron Vinge?
A God complex. Way Cool. I'll bet his father was Einstein, his mother
Marie Curie. Why do I feel the name Walter Mitty should be somewhere in
this picture too. Wait, here come the men in the ice cream suits!
ROTFLMAO. This sure was a nice little break from CPU guts.
Thanks Declan,

@_date: 2001-08-01 12:14:48
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
I keep seeing words like "bona fide" and "legitimate" used as modifiers
for "cryptographic researcher." The DMCA states :
(3)(B) whether the person is engaged in a legitimate course of study, is
employed, or is appropriately trained or experienced, in the field of
encryption technology; and
Isn't self-taught a legitimate course of study? Abraham Lincoln was
largely self-taught. If a teenager, who has clearly not had the
opportunity to amass much in the way of official credentials, can break
CSS hasn't he "engaged in a legitimate course of study" and isn't he
"appropriately experienced in the field of encryption technology?"
The modifiers are meaningless as is 3B.
Why do we even discuss the damn thing. It's just another rathole to dive
into. It's wrong. We know it's wrong. Short of nuclear blackmail
Congress will not change it and the courts will not overturn it. I'll
let the lawyers and those with deep pockets fight that battle. About the
only good I might be able to do is to contribute to enhancing the means
for people to exchange and distribute proscribed information with

@_date: 2001-08-01 12:39:18
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: MBNA 
Seems like a regular herd of senior FBI guys wind up at MBNA when
they're ready to amass some capitol for retirement. What are the origins
of the company?

@_date: 2001-08-02 13:23:40
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Another Part of the Game ( or not ) 
Maybe it doesn't matter if the missile defense system that is ultimately
deployed ( or not ) works ( or not ) as long as many billions are spent
in the process. Charging straight to the techie issues like bulls for
the red cape and missing the proud, smiling matador - Ole!

@_date: 2001-08-02 19:47:33
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
Decent thread. I still think there is plenty of opportunity for the laws
of mathematics to make other laws moot  but this is interesting.
I have a few, hopefully not useless or inflammatory, comments.
1) The piece of useful information most easily extracted from this
thread is that the best defense is that the "evidence" never existed and
the device lacks the capability of creating it. Is it possible that the
courts could decide that using or designing a device lacking logging
features or that compiling a device from source with logging
capabilities but with those capabilities selectively disabled is in
itself an act of spoliation? These are acts done without any specific
knowledge of people, places, things or events likely to be of interest
to a court. General knowledge of the effects of designing, compiling or
using such a device might be shown.
1a) Isn't there a PA statute prohibiting altering the headers on a
1b) Could a remailer be declared to be a common carrier and subject to
1c) Could a remailer operator be compelled to add or enable logging
features without notifying users?
2) Most of the cites seem to describe cases involving corporations. Is
it reasonable to think that while in theory corporations and individuals
could be treated identically that in practice there are more
documentation requirements on the part of a corporation, especially in
the case of one that produces a product that is sold to the public?
Would the expectations be different for individuals not engaged in
commercial activities?
3) The same technology that is providing all this super eavesdropping
and logging capability is also making it easier to fabricate or plant
evidence. Electronic evidence may seem wonderful to a prosecutor but
aren't we going to have to deal with its vulnerability at some point?
Maybe only after someone with deep pockets gets hurt.

@_date: 2001-08-03 12:30:45
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
This may yet be attempted but even so success is not a given.
I think you mean "palpable." I don't think pulpable is good usage but if
by that you mean able to be made into pulp well, OK, it's funny.
I haven't read the mixmaster source but it seems to me that end-to-end
encryption protects the contents. The traffic analysis part seems
vulnerable on two basic fronts : subversion of a node and overall low
traffic levels. Nested encryption protects a subverted node from being able to trace the
entire chain in one fell swoop. As long as there is one uncompromised node in a chain subversion doesn't
guarantee a matchup of "from" and "to" but it improves the odds.
With low traffic levels through a chain the statistics of traffic
analysis are also improved.
I like the idea of making a remailer part of a worm but it might be just
as well to make it an inherent part of a product since people will
attempt to eradicate a worm. Just imagine if Napster were still going
full steam with a built-in remailer - huge node count and shitloads of

@_date: 2001-08-03 15:29:14
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable  
References: I think the "well behaved worm" prescribed by Tim might live longer
since I read that as unobtrusive and generally benign but for some
tolerable amount of bandwidth. Still, it would fall short of the effect
you'd get if it were in a product that every teenager on the planet
wanted to run.

@_date: 2001-08-06 09:41:26
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable  
References: I'm quite aware of the attack. It's not guaranteed successful yet. If
you've paid attention to our lawyers recently it sounds like the battle
is sporadic and the outcome mixed.
Until the heavy hand wipes out remailers the fate of an individual
message is interesting. So as of even date being able to assign IP
addresses to persons and remailer nodes is not equivalent to
compromising the communications.
It's the best solution available today isn't it?

@_date: 2001-08-07 13:27:03
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Next... 
Quite a collection :
Colorful but irrelevant phraseology. The behavior of dehumanizing the enemy is unremarkable. Get on with the work. Design for the worst case.

@_date: 2001-08-09 09:59:50
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS  
Let's see, Starts off with some ebonics, tries hooked on phonics but get's
'glycerine' wrong and finishes up with the archaic variant 'spelt'.
Celebrating diversity across time and the gene pool as it were.
It's not even funny anymore. RSW gives excellent advice. Bear in mind : the larger the batch the
easier it will be to keep it hot...

@_date: 2001-08-09 11:43:57
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
David Honig  wrote :
Don't hold your breath. I doubt that they used anything that has not
been the subject of speculation here.

@_date: 2001-08-09 14:56:20
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Evolution is a mother. 
Quite a stretch don't you think to punish sarcasm? It would be good to
track one of these stupid requests right back to its protein.

@_date: 2001-08-09 15:15:48
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
So if it is SW and you write some little ring 0 code that repeatedly
walks the chain from the kyb input to your apps you'll feel safe? You're
assuming a one trick pony in a static world.

@_date: 2001-08-10 10:06:38
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Mind Rape 
the data as memory thing is years old and now we've come full circle and
arrived at the same old conclusion that RIGHT can be very, very wrong so
now it's time for someone to say the laws of mathematics not of men and
I'm thinking the glass is half empty most days but not all yet

@_date: 2001-08-13 17:41:18
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: chip fabs gearing up for AES (fwd) 
"Doc Evil"  wrote :
It's a matter of context. In the chip world a tested netlist that can be
turned into Si is "IP" in the sense that it is something a company can
offer as a product.
AES is no different from USB, bluetooth, IEEE-1384, SCSI, 802.11b, MPEG,
PCI cores etc. Yes, actual work is involved in turning a public standard into Si.
Yes, people actually pay to include this sort of "IP" in their ASICs
along with CPUs, memory, I/O and whatever else they may need to fuel
their cash flow. Various licenses may or may not be part of each piece of "IP" used in an
ASIC. Each has to be addressed before the part is built or your lawyers
can fight it out later in court.
I'm more of a SW than a HW guy but this is pretty much the view I've
gotten of the business.

@_date: 2001-08-13 17:45:25
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: chip fabs gearing up for AES (fwd) 
Jim Choate  wrote :
Surprised you didn't quote the classic about beer...you know, you can't
own beer you can only rent it.
Why do those dipshits who lose the big beach houses in NC when a nice
hurricane comes through get to file for federal disaster aid? That's
very, very wrong.

@_date: 2001-08-15 13:19:45
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: food fo thought  
georgemw at speakeasy.net wrote :
One mistake the author makes is that he seems to think that there are
only anarchist hackers out there who should forget the hacking thing and
become lobbyists. There are already people doing that work who are
probably better at it than 99/100 hackers. There may be a need for more
people and resources to lobby for rational laws but the space is not
Another mistake is in lumping the private uses of the net in with the
commercial. I doubt that the personal uses can ever be fully subjugated
to commercial needs. However, I think it's pretty clear that a great
deal more could be controlled and punished than is currently. It'll be
like the drug war : the first 2% or so costs USD25B to get off the
streets. What will the last 2% cost? USD25B? Not likely. Draw the $ vs.
%control curve. The entire US GNP is not enough.
Is the article Total Bullshit? No, but I'd put on my Wellies.
Anyone have any strong opinions on laptops as far as reliability and
Linux-friendliness? I like HP and Toshiba at this point.

@_date: 2001-08-16 16:13:24
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
Jim Choate  wrote :
1 worked for Intel
2 made some money
3 retired
4 live out in the boonies with a bunch of guns
5 and talked a lot of crap.
1-4 you have only read about, not observed 5   is a matter of opinion
I guess that I wonder why there was anything more to say than :
"I only know what I've read on the net and cannot testify to its
accuracy or completeness and any conclusions I've drawn from this
reading would be my opinion not facts."
with some "I don't recall" s thrown in where appropriate.

@_date: 2001-08-16 19:30:32
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Wristwatch Reviews 
Ain't that why someone sent it to this list?
Call the seller and say "I'm a crypto-anarchist and I want the 10%
discount." Just a marketing technique to make the customer feel like
part of a special group.
I prefer automatic watches. 200M is standard. Never been below 30M. As
for the extra dials of a chronograph, give me a break.
I like my TAG but it has not been completely reliable.
I'm told Rolex is very reliable but they're too expensive. I know of one
from 1961 that was lost waterskiing in the 70's and was found hanging
off a stump when the reservior was drained in the 80's. The original
owner still uses it. There's a Seiko 200m Auto watch for $195. It's a bit thicker and heavier
than the TAG but I like it.
Of course a sporty Timex that will survive the pool and hot tub can be
had for $25. If it held your crypto key collection that would make the
choice easy.

@_date: 2001-08-22 18:16:08
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Double standard? 
I'm sure everyone has seen this. And I know how I dislike raw links so I won't do it.
The Honorable Edith Jones has a VERY healthy attitude towards electronic
snooping. IMHO she's outraged.
Is the Washington-mandated snooping part of a power play where the
behavior of the judiciary needs to be monitored and controlled in
real-time or is it incidental to the stated goals of cleaning up office
computer usage?
Now I wonder how Judge Jones feels about snooping on the population in
general? Is she a standout among judges or do those in power feel
outrage only when the abuse is close to home? Do those in power want to
create the virtual version of gated communities and limit the membership
or all entitled to the same rights?

@_date: 2001-08-23 10:18:28
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Testing RF Shielding 
Not cheap but within reach. If someone gets serious I could get advice
about equipment and methods from a friend who did this sort of testing
for years.
If you don't have a Faraday cage and a spectrum analyzer and you still
want a rough idea of how noisy your device is you can tune an AM radio
to a vacant space between stations, crank up the volume, and listen for
your device's noise. Turn it on and off, press some buttons, you can
actually make some pretty good correlations between what you hear and
what your equipment is doing. There will probably be some nice configurable SW radios soon. I don't
know about sensitivity or noise problems that might go along with this
but it seems pretty interesting. Maybe someone who knows more could

@_date: 2001-08-23 10:58:43
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Shielding 
Lots of shielding products are available.
Whole rooms :
A complete test setup :
Cu tape : Cu foil, cheap, no adhesive :
Cu Sheet :
Ag paint :
All kinds of ferrites can be found :
Knock yerself out. Focus on the keyboard and the display.

@_date: 2001-08-23 11:09:52
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Shielding 
One simple comment.
Bill Stewart wrote :
The skin depth is proportional to f^(-0.5).
The skin depth for Cu at 100MHz is about 0.00026". At 1600MHZ it should be ~0.000065
I think maybe 'sneakier' ( because of its smaller wavelength ) is closer
than 'more penetrating' ( it is actually less penetrating in a conductor

@_date: 2001-08-24 10:49:57
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Not black helicopters, but dark green ones ( Off Topic ) 
What was she so afraid of? Aerial rape? I was just pissed off when the
shitheads would fly over as low as they could. I've seen A10's,
helicopters and fighters. They're really annoying when you're trying to
cast a fly and enjoy some serene isolation. They should test their shit
in Macedonia or Nevada. Next time I'll bring my particle beam weapon and
scorch their paint a bit.
There are three bases that I know of - Fort Drum, Griffiss Air Base and
Plattsburgh Air Base. Fort Drum is busy. The latter two have been shut
down but I think there is still some research going on at RADC/Griffiss
(  ). They may still fly some stuff out of there to test communications,
mapping systems and sensors. I think the runways are still maintained. I've been on some fairly remote lakes up there. Go look for the West
Canada Lakes on a map. It's really beautiful and in spite of the acid
rain from the polluting midwest ( including Ontario ) there are some
excellent brookies around. In other areas you can find muskies, pike,
bass, raindows and landlocked salmon.
The acidified dead lakes are truly sorry looking.
This concludes the Adirondack solo backpacker report.

@_date: 2001-08-28 11:02:18
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot  
"Aimee Farr"  wrote :
Am I wrong or is there a latent idea here that the list members are in a
position to choose whether or not these ( yes, Virginia, they're
morality neutral ) privacy enhancing technolgies come to be? While the
participants here may represent a large portion of those interested and
capable of producing PETs they aren't the whole club. If there is a
privacy and untraceability sweet spot why suppose that it is not already
exploited by those with large financial gains to be made from it? Were a major drug cartel ( or a large corporation ) to decide that
developing communications systems was a key factor in their continuing
success it seems to me that the resources to do so would be easy to come
by. Hell, they were making a pretty decent sized submarine not so long
ago. I think a SW/HW product effort would be far easier to hide. There's
probably a shop full of busy Russian engineers somehwere in SA right
now. I don't believe that a whole battalion of  Gordons could ever stop
All that you can choose is whether you participate in creating PETs or
Have the GRU list-watchers ( your handlers! ) demonstrated their power
adequately by shtomping a few punk heads?
Has speech here been sufficiently chilled that nobody will answer?
Or is it just a dumb question? Create a real project with real rewards ( both financial and idealogical
but mostly financial ) and see what kind of response you get. Why should
anyone answer a dishonest question for free?

@_date: 2001-08-28 13:56:12
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy  
Duncan Frissell  Didn't John Young note that a large portion of the waste removed from
the London underground was human hair and skin flakes? Waste not want

@_date: 2001-08-29 11:01:51
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || How Home-Schooling Harms the Nation 
David Honig  :
I think he's probably wrong here - I would guess that the most affluent
and articulate parents send their kids to private schools because
they're too busy keeping the lifestyle financed to run a school or
realize that they would probably suck at it. If I win the Lotto I'll
consider it. I'll risk $1 today.
Funny that, the only people I've ever met who were home schooling their
kids were fundamentalist christians who objected to all kinds of
perceived immorality and wrong teaching like sex ed and evolution. In my
estimation they were poorly equipped to give their children a good
education. I have no doubt that there are many exceptions to what I've
seen but those who will do a really fine job of educating their children
are probably in the minority of homeschoolers.
You mean like when we send young males to war so the ones who stay home
will have less competition?
Keep an open mind about the home schooling/private schooling vs. public
schooling discussion.
One facet that I see is that fundamentalists via a strong influence on
the republican party are trying to divert public funds to religious
organizations. My reading of the 1st is that the state may not establish
a religion. Giving money to a religious organization is tantamount to
establishment. My reading of the 1st also leads me to the conclusion
that the tax-exempt status of the churches is wrong. They should pay
their fair share of the fucking property taxes like every other victim.
Another facet is that the well-to-do are attempting to remove their
funds from the systems so they can use those funds to educate their
children as they choose. A voucher system would surely benefit me
financially. This is a reasonable desire but it will have a negative
effect on the public school systems and a subsequent negative effect on
the society as a whole. I know the masses are a bit thick but do you
want them to be even thicker? And not all bright people come from
priviledged backgrounds. Do you want to limit the opportunities for some
of the brightest kids in the country before they've even had a chance?
I'm not saying that it (vouchers or other defunding) should be ruled out
but you should at least think about the implications a bit. Aimee style question :   How many of you were home schooled?
  How many went to private schools?
  How many went to public schools?
I would guess roughly 1% 9% 90%
I wish there were more ( and better ) educational choices and that those
choices were reflected reasonably in the financial systems but every
proposal I've seen so far sucks moose bladder through a hairy straw.

@_date: 2001-08-30 12:41:41
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
"Faustine"  wrote :
Holy faulty logic Batman! This has to be one of the more doofy things
I've heard. It's right up there with the EMI Grounding Strap thread.
What're you going to do, sell a product in CompUSA with instructions to
the cashiers that the NSA is not allowed to buy it? If the NSA is
willing to pay for some software that's great. They've got as much right
to buy it as anyone else. As long as they obey the law! and don't
reverse engineer it, let them share in financing further development.
I would find it more relevant to know which commercial product designs
have been influenced by which non-commercial agencies.
oy g'vay ( sp? )

@_date: 2001-08-30 12:42:24
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Declan McCullagh  wrote :
Bear may not be as far off the mark as you think. Remember back when the
hot news of the day was militia groups how advocating the violent
overthrow of the government and playing soldier in the woods could
constitute intent? Can that twisted reasoning be applied to advocating
the use of code to obsolete the government and then actually creating
code? Should the political speech and coding action be separated? Is
participating in both risky? I consider code to be publishing and speech
but look at some of the recent GRUsa activity that addresses that issue.
Get ready for "to code is to act." Whoops, it's here. Just title your
application "Espionage Communications Suite with Government Overthrow
Features" and package the speech and the act up nice and neat for the
GRU. This can't really be the case, can it?
This little gizmo is not new but I like it and it's only $30 at an AT&T
Wireless store. It looks like it would be a nice companion ( assuming
one could make a very tiny uP-based adapter ) for an iPaq. I find those
folding kybs to be ugly.

@_date: 2001-08-30 14:24:32
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
<20010830171652.A9884
Agreed, but the parallel is noticeable.

@_date: 2001-08-30 22:20:36
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: speech + action 
It's not easy to find great links but I still say that speech + action
is something that a prosecutor can use to the disadvantage of the
accused even if the speech is legal and the action appears to be
ineffectual or undirected. Look at how AP was used. 18 U.S.C. 23 1 seems
to link speech directly with the action of paramilitary training, even
if there is no specific target. The speech portion of the offense
enables a heavy response to the otherwise unpunishable action. Whether
or not anyone has been convicted under this statute there it sits, ready
to pounce.
Admittedly these are weak cites but I do think the (
legal_but_unpopular_speech + unpunishable_action = crime ) idea is
embodied in laws. I think eventually it'll somehow get extended to
address the cyberterrordangerouslyeducatedchaosprogrammerdeaththreat
that faces each and every freedom-loving, net-browsing Amurrican today! Maybe the pro bono brigade of the unorganized, non-organizational,
casually associational, non-paramilitary, non-coding, non-militia,
profusely verbal cypherpunks flying circus will chime in with some fun
In 1986, the ADL formulated model state legislation that would ban
paramilitary training "aimed at provoking civil disorder."[104] In
drafting the model bill, the ADL specifically stated that the statute
must not violate First Amendment   freedoms of speech and association.
Another objective was to draft the statute narrowly so that it would not
prohibit legitimate lawful activities such as target shooting and other
sporting events. This was important, the ADL stated, for "minimizing
opposition to the bill by powerful special interest groups." [105] Laws
based on the statute have passed in Arkansas, California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Michigan, Missouri,
Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, Virginia, and West Virginia.[106]
 - please read
the last paragraph - keeping records of public speech becomes part of
the procsecutor's toolbox - the speech seems to be a necessary component
of the prosecution.
"The current federal paramilitary training statute, 18 U.S.C. 23 1,
punishes only those who instruct others in fomenting violent civil
disorder. Clearly, the statute should punish trainees as well. Similar
statutes have been enacted in at least 24 states. "
 - Read this one and
think about how speech could be used to facilitate indictment.
 look at the end.

@_date: 2001-08-30 22:51:49
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || How Home-Schooling Harms the Nation 
measl at mfn.org  wrote :
my old stuff :
Learn to read poopyhead (isn't that now the official CP insult?). Look at the part you snipped :
  I'm not saying that it (vouchers or other defunding)
  should be ruled out but you should at least think   about the implications a bit.  All I said was that actions can have unintended consequences. Make well
considered choices. Look at the power industry deregulation in CA. Too
much, too quickly and poorly crafted. By all means let's improve the
educational opportunities in this country but not with some stooopid
knee-jerk approach. Try and do it in one fell swoop based on right-wing
war chants and I'll bet you do more harm than good.
This statement is neither entirely true nor entirely false but it sure
as hell is a knee-jerk reaction to the issue. Sounds like the sort of
foolishness that Rush Limbaugh vomits on the airwaves.
Uh, nope, that's not what I said. I said I would be in favor of
carefully considered proposals. Proposals that are fair to individuals
and beneficial to the community. Again, the two goals are neither
completely compatible nor mutually exclusive.
I have : good ideas, thumbs up, bad ideas, thumbs down. Fuck you back,

@_date: 2001-08-31 10:59:54
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: speech + action 
Tim May  wrote :
You are right. Actual cases in which the bare-assed anti-paramilitary
training laws are applied are in short supply. Generally they are
associated with other infractions. Do note, however that there is a
consistent thread of discussing the speech and the act i.e. the
manual-based "training" regarding propane cylinders and the actual
posession of same. The separate items are not puniushable but together
seem to imply conspiracy to commit the act.
Sure, I mention it because despite its being non-functional and
unpunishable it seemed to have been brought into the courtroom with the
purpose of spicing up the case.
You are absolutely right.
Where I think you misread me is this : I don't think that the government
*has* this power, I think the way the laws are written and discussed,
this degree of power is something for which they reach.

@_date: 2001-08-31 11:59:04
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || How Home-Schooling Harms the Nation 
First, you depend more than you think on government actions for
essentials even though they have private brand labels.
Second, why do you think that when someone is a government employee they
are automatically inferior to everyone in the private sector? That's
I've talked with several friends about pooling efforts and creating a
small private school. It ain't easy. It is something I would like to do.
The financial reform part is probably hopeless in the short term. Once
the hooks are into the green they don't like to let go.
What the fuck do I care how the services are provided? Show me the
services and I'll rate them myself without the benefit of your
ideological prerating system. That's what rational means. I do resent
the financial handcuffs.
Big challenge, most people don't know diddly squat. It may be just as difficult to find or create alternative schools that
are affordable ( even with financial reforms ) and provide a good
education as it is to improve what we have. Out of the frying pan and
into the fire. And not everyone has the ability to home-school for
various reasons. All I said was that I don't think the solution to the
problem is as simple as throwing it all away.
Do a better job of education than ...?
As for the religious bit, they're easily as dangerous as governments.
I usually get the new car before I get rid of the old one. All I said is
that before you dismantle what you don't like start building the
replacement, get a few prototypes to the working stage. Moderately interesting point.
Your point?
You live in a community. Been to a third world country? I don't really
want to see that here. In some ways we have progressed in that direction
over the past few decades...
One thing I disliked about CA's recent attempt at the voucher system is
that it would let some people take out more than they put in. It was
still a socialist program. Funny that, coming from a generally
right-wing angle. In addition there are very limited choices for private
schools where I live. The voucher proposal SMBTAHS.
Wee bit bitter, eh?
Happy, happy, happy, all of the time,

@_date: 2001-08-31 13:00:50
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || How Home-Schooling Harms the Nation 
To : measl at mfn.org Dunno, I've seen both recently. Just trying to live up to my slave
training and conform.
Here's the original :
I would summarize this paragraph, poorly written as it may be, as
follows :
1) Some people wish to remove their monies from the public schools and
make their own choices.
2) Here are some possible negative effects of that action.
3) I'm not against it but at least think about the implications before
Looks pretty simple to me. Doesn't really take a position other than
"fine, measure twice, cut once if you want my vote."
I'm no expert on the details either but it looks like a chant of
"deregulate" didn't work out so well.
Expect to hear more chants of "deregulate" and "privatize" when it comes
to things like power and water. I'm not sure which I prefer, a corporate
dictatorship or a police state.
I would say that I use the term knee-jerk and right-wing war chants as
labels for the idea that all public schools are somehow seriously
inferior to private schools or home schooling. Maybe the term knee-jerk
is as poor as the idea of lumping all public schools into a single
Furthermore, I think if you read what I've said you would not find that
I flat out disagree with your attitudes about education but rather try
to point out that maybe things are a little more tricky than you
I see no reason that I'm obligated to make up my mind until I choose to.
Ah, I apoligize, you missed the point.
If you knew me you would know that as far as I am concerned the the
rights of the individual should NEVER be forcefully compromised for the
good of the many. IOW, if I have the last freshwater spring on earth,
unless I'm feeling generous today, if I don't like you and don't need
you and can successfully fight you off, you're fucked brother.
The point you miss is that we don't live in isolation. It may very well
be that in order to optimize our quality of life as individuals we have
to ( preferably voluntarily ) make some ( preferably minimal )
sacrifices that improve the lot of others. I find it to be a very simple
and obvious concept. Yes it does sound like you have to pay protection
money to reduce the degree to which you must fight to keep what you have
but rather than beat your head against a wall and complain about how
unfair life is, optimize.

@_date: 2001-08-31 14:29:45
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || How Home-Schooling Harms the Nation 
Some jobs do not attract the best and brightest but I think it's safe to
assume that even in what you might consider the least likely places you
will find some very sharp people. Your example of the Bush WH staffers
is proof ;)
A low blow but I couldn't resist!

@_date: 2001-12-03 12:58:38
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Reputation of a Reputation 
Faustine fact that
What you're complaining about is behavior that is typical of
bureaucracies which often do what is easier instead of what is smarter,
better or right. In a bureaucracy your risk is minimized by following
procedure. Minimizing the risk of individuals within the organization is
not equivalent to optimizing the organization's performance. Hardly a
description of a control system that can keep away from the rails.

@_date: 2001-12-07 09:30:12
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ( was  Masks to be illegal in U.K. ) 
smallpox wrote :
The Good : religion is placed on equal footing with everyone else - it's
time tpo end preferential treatment.
The Bad   : a government thinking for even a moment that dress codes are
under its jurisdiction.
The Ugly  : those who should be wearing masks to protect their fellow
citizens sensibilities will not be able to.

@_date: 2001-12-12 11:17:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: cryptographic fantasy (ca. "Stego, my ass" by WF Buckley) 
OK piece. I usually write off Buckley as a pompous ass. I wish we would
hear more skepticism about GWB and Ashcroft and their domestic
treasonous idiocy.
As far as his assertion about the popularity of UBL in the Philippines :
sounds like a stretcher to me - Muslims are only strong in the extreme
south e.g. Mindanao. Most of the population is pretty strict Catholic.
There may be some resentment of the US but I think overall there is a
hunger for all things US : education, media, goods, travel and trade.
The older folks definitely still remember the Japanese.

@_date: 2001-12-12 13:50:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: phantoms and rhetoric ( was : Re: Steganography, My Ass: The Dangers of Private and Self-Censorship ) 
Nomen Nescio  wrote :
The recent advances in law enforcement made by a frightened ( for their
asses and their careers ) Congress are not phantoms of lost liberty :
substantial changes have been made. Ashcroft expresses his opinion that
questioning the civil liberties implications of those policy changes is
an attempt to "erode our national unity and diminish our resolve" as if
it is a truth. He mischaracterizes the goals of his critics so that he
can associate them with an extremely unpopular position. The technique
being employed by John Ashcroft is to fallaciously polarize the
discussion as one of Patriotism vs. Treason, Good vs. Evil with the
intent of suppressing the speech of anyone who might be an impediment to
his agenda. Ashcroft's approach smacks of the techniques used by the
late and not-at-all-great may he rest screaming forever in flames
Senator Joseph McCarthy. That is Ashcroft's rhetorical trick.
Nomen's trick is to mischaracterize what people object to in what
Ashcroft has said. I don't for a minute think that there is, today at
least, even a veiled threat that those who openly criticize Bush and
Ashcroft are likely to be accused of treason. Nomen has set up an easily
torched strawman which he uses to say see, Ashcroft's critics are
clearly wrong, so they're probably wrong about the administration.
I'm not buying Ashcroft's tricks or Nomen's. I'll stick with the simple
interpretation of the motivations and goals of those who question the
actions of the Bush administration : some people see those actions of
the Bush administration and John Ashcroft as Constitutionally
questionable and their goal is to debate the issues and protect, in so
far as it is possible given the state of the populace, everyone's
liberties from enemies both foreign and domestic. Unity and resolve
don't enter into it.
Sometimes I think that people feel that because shameful or horrific
events in our history happened so very long ago and we seem to have
survived them that we must have some type of increasing immunity
conferred upon us by the passing of time. I'm afraid that quite the
opposite is true, that our immunity diminishes with time leaving us open
to reinfection by the ideological descendents of the perpetrators of
earlier outrages.
Can an Attorney General be censured? Drawn and quartered?

@_date: 2001-12-13 09:10:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Jewish Terror Attack on US Foiled 
"Jon Beets"  wrote :
League and
I'm not seeing enough suspicion from you cypherpunks - the man who
delivered the "explosive powder" was the federal informant. Golly gee
whiz, sound like a familiar scenario? Appeasement anyone?

@_date: 2001-12-14 09:19:14
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: FBI Surveillance Software to be Part of Windows XP Updates (fwd) 
georgemw at speakeasy.net wrote :
use of
investigations," he
No doubt tongue in cheek.
But a couple of questions :
Do you doubt that many in law enforcement think that universally
backdoored systems would be right and good for society?
Is it easier to achieve the dream of monitored systems if the OS
business is highly monopolistic or if it is chaotic?

@_date: 2001-12-17 07:58:55
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
Could someone who knows more than I do explain to me why this MS "IP" is
anything other than making the owner of a PC unable to have root access
to their own hardware/OS? If so it seems to be an idea unworthy of
protection from lawyers and men with guns.

@_date: 2001-12-19 09:50:52
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Digital Angel gets under the skin after all 
"Roy M. Silvernail"  wrote :
No thanks. In defenerence to historical precendent I would prefer a
tatoo on my forearm. I would tolerate an updated version that consisted
of 10 hex digits - in deference to the modern computer re-evolution.
They're warming the ovens...

@_date: 2001-12-19 20:05:25
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
Ralph Wallis  wrote :
"IP" is
I have no idea why speed limiters on cars is even close to being a
relevant analogy. I had a more simple and direct analogy in mind - it
seems to me that what Microsoft is trying to do is what many of us put
up with at work everyday - I use SPARC workstations to which I do not
have root access. I run programs that I cannot modify and those programs
can use data areas and drivers that I cannot access directly.
This is fine at work - the company owns the computers, besides the
sysadmins are actually really helpful. Having an external agent build
fencees inside my own home is an entirely different matter. One worth a
fight to the death.
Since it seems that the possibility to accomplish what Microsoft has
patented has existed for years prior to their disclosure isn't their
patent a bit weak? Maybe it's more of a formality, a prelude to an OS
dictatorship. After all, the 1st says nothing about the government
making any laws regarding an establishment of an OS. Time to form a
church of the homegrown OS. As of even date I consider Windows in all
forms to be spy/subpoena-ware and I don't even trust Redhat anymore. Is
it even safe to compile a TCP/IP stack without first obfuscating it?
BTW - what is pedanty? Peasantry? Pedantry?
I'm voting for 'peasantry' as the proper choice but yes, there was an
analogy at the root of the original post.

@_date: 2001-12-20 09:20:05
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
My thought is that it is not novel in any way save that it witholds root access
from the owner of the machine.

@_date: 2001-12-20 12:21:38
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
root access
I think the combo is used regularly  : e.g. version control logfiles
that are not directly accessible to a user but the user can have ci/co
access via applications that run with the correct permissions. A user
may fuck up a version of the file but may not make things unrecoverable.
We could get into a long discussion of the details of data source and
sink types ( sockets, disk files, other devices ) but the basic
principle is the id/permissions one.
I just don't think the concept is particularly novel but I have no doubt
it will be implemented and protected viciously. I use the word viciously
because that is the only way to make DRM work and there is a great deal
of money at stake.

@_date: 2001-12-21 09:11:46
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Words 
mattd  wrote :
Sometimes there is meaning in misspelled or misused words. Somtimes it
is intentional, sometimes not. I have no idea whether or not Steve
Ballmer is viscous. Maybe mattd is into something unusual and would like
to tell the whole class  ;-)
Merry subverted pagan winter solstice festival, every one,

@_date: 2001-12-21 10:34:15
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: book 
Bought a copy of True Names and read it last night. Great story,
especially considering the date. The first net-fi I read was Neuromancer
in '84.
R. Stallman's Right to Read short story is sickeningly close to reality.
I don't care one way or the other if Microsoft patents and creates an OS
that does DRM but I do care about having it forced down my throat at the
hands of congressvermin and corporations which, as I see it, is
practically a certainty.
Tim's essay was mostly the familiar stuff, nicely organized and
presented. The style was almost academic but I notice he did slip one
"spokesvermin" reference in there.
So, Tim, we seem to have raced closer if not past the fork in the road,
especially since September. Recalling Yogi Berra's "when you come to the
fork in the road, take it", have we taken it? And if so which path?
The fork analogy may be too simple. The natural path for a vital culture
is the crypto-anarchist path. The path of increasing state control is
the natural path for the maintenance and accumulation of power. We all
see the forces in operation, it's pretty much the topic 24/7. I think
the forces that bind this mess together increase with distance, the more
free the net becomes the greater the perceived threat and the desire to
reign it in. The tighter the controls the greater the desire to break
free. On each side there are those for whom compromise is unacceptable.
In the middle are the nearly oblivious masses who can with varying
degrees of success be swayed one way or the other from time to time.
Fear seems to be their main motivator.
Rather than making a choice and following any single path we are
following two concurrent and divergent paths and the energy level is
increasing. We are headed for a period of escalation. It's definitely a
new 'War on Drugs' scenario, just as dangerous, just as futile and just
as sustainable.

@_date: 2001-12-21 15:31:11
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
Steve Schear  wrote :
Entry and intermediate remailers seem moderately safe.
Isn't there anything that can be done about reducing the risks of
running an exit remailer?
Since the assumption is that the attacker sees all of the network
traffic then they already know who is getting mail from the exit node.
Why not get each recipient who is getting mail for the first time to
sign a waiver of some sort before they can pick up their mail. When an
unsigned user gets a mail they are sent a notification mail explaining
what remailers are, roughly how they work, some of the perceived
problems with what might be sent via a remailer etc. Then tell them how
to sign the waiver and give them a deadline before their waiting message
is deleted. Some signing options might be : propagate to other
remailers, one-time use, expiration date, refuse all mail, delete any
mail w/o delivery code etc...
Faustine  wrote :
So go into business building remailer machines. Develop the appropriate
tamper resistance/detection systems and place them on sites the same way
vending machines are handled. The site lease could be based on auditable
bandwidth and power consumption. The site owner doesn't need to know
jack about e-gold or tokens or even remailers for that matter. If you
could adjust the bandwidth throttle based on time of day you could offer
people a way to get paid for their unused nighttime bandwidth. Just
needs good HW/SW and a good contract. Instead of Carnivore you can call
it an IceBox.
Let's assume the night bandwidth is free, what's the electricity cost?
The amortization on the equipment? $50/month?

@_date: 2001-02-01 09:05:36
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Register - There are still crypto reg's...  
If Apple really wanted to enable crypto plug-ins they would isolate and
open source that part of the OS where plug-in capability should be added
then publish a spec for the modified API. It would get done.

@_date: 2001-02-13 11:07:22
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The meek will inherit what, exactly? 
The tragedy of that one verse is the result of that go forth and
multiply horseshit that some mindless fuckwits actually think still
makes sense.
The meek will inherent only a big hobnailed boot imprint in the middle
of their backs and a depleted and polluted planet. Of course the
non-meek have to live in the same place as the meek so they're only
fucking themselves over in the long run. So, to end on an optimistic note, viva las cucarachas.

@_date: 2001-02-20 10:41:52
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Is a Thermal Imaging search needful of a warrant? 
Are you shielding from FMJ rounds or radar?
Foil-faced insulation should do just fine. Time to check my walls.
And I doubt if having a radar-proof house or a Faraday room is probable
cause for a warrant.
And while we're on the subject, anyone know where to get Levis and
t-shirts with some aluminized fibers, the mofo's are starting to deploy
this shit at airports aren't they?

@_date: 2001-02-28 15:46:14
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: American Bar Association - 1 click patents 
Gotta get that animal analogy stuff right. A viper is an honest to
goodness, fend for yourself, not on the dole, tooth and nail predator.
Perfectly respectable by any reasonable standard. The rent-seekers are
more accurately portrayed as something from a list of parasites : louse
tick flea tapeworm roundworm bilharzia mosquito deerfly botfly giardia.
Some of 'em have a pretty ghastly effect on the host - imaging growing
grubs under your skin or having your sphincter muscles eaten away
permanently from the inside. Yuk!
While I agree in principle that those with disabilities should be able
to participate in everything that society has to offer it seems
inherently dangerous to have the government mandate how this issue will
be addressed. I don't want to see paved roads into great wilderness
areas and I don't think an old building that doesn't meet modern
accessibility requirements should become a target for multimillion
dollar lawsuits. I don't know how to solve this thing and neither do
those who wrote the ADA.

@_date: 2001-01-03 09:25:03
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Janet Reno on IP, piracy and terrorism 
Yes. She's absolutely right. Just look at the DeCSS development. Clearly
a case of drug and gun dealing terrorists developing SW to fund their
nefarious activities. Same as Napster. What a stupid shit. Think the
next prez will do any better picking an AG? Don't bet on it.

@_date: 2001-01-04 10:26:50
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: US Attorney General nominee is pro-privacy 
That is mildly encouraging but what about the 4th and 5th? Is he going
to take the position that in effect we have a right to encrypt all we
want but when so directed by a court or LE Agency we must surrender
plaintext? I know this crap will be sneaking into multiple crime bills
over the next few years. If it hasn't already.

@_date: 2001-01-04 13:40:11
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Electric Kettles 
Great Topic!
I have never seen an electric kettle for boiling water for tea. Why boil water for tea on a stove or in an electric "kettle" when you
can put a mug of water in the microwave and have it on the verge of
boiling in 60 seconds? Probably uses less energy too. Tea you can pick in your back yard.

@_date: 2001-01-08 16:57:49
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Anglo-American communications studies 
That's where technology can help : catch it on video.

@_date: 2001-01-12 13:27:41
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Idea for tamper-resistant PC hardware 
I guess if your critical server is simply some sort of service provider
and the only data requiring security are the operating keys then your
hostile location is OK since rebuilding a system and restoring a few
keys ( which can be hidden just about anywhere ) is easily done.
Otherwise the loss of the data could be costly. If your data is static then it would be relatively easy to stash a copy
somewhere. If your data is dynamic then backups are necessary. Backups
can be tracked to their resting place. So their location needs to be (
physically and legally ) secure from the threat(s). Unless you can
readily hand carry the backups to the secure storage area it will need
to be connected in which case you might as well locate your server there
in the first place.

@_date: 2001-01-12 21:28:14
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Jim on E&M 
I remember that whole Faraday cage discussion - it was painful.
When it comes to E&M you're really off in the tall grass.

@_date: 2001-01-23 08:14:13
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Some other math/crypto sci-fi  
That joke predates the Pierce Brosnan Bond movie by decades - making the
use of it stale and crusty.

@_date: 2001-01-26 09:48:58
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury 
I wonder what's the budget to date for chasing down one apparently not
so dangerous guy? They may be creating, at great expense ( is there
another way for a government to create? ), what it is they want to find.
If they push him over the edge, in 5 years or so they can have a real
manhunt with bullets and everything. What's the saying? 'The race is not
always to the swift nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to
bet.' Good for The Department ultimately.

@_date: 2001-01-31 09:53:47
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Absolutely not a joke.  
The basic concept seems probable, likely or at the very least on
someone's wishlist depending on your degree of paranoia. It is not
necessarily misinformation. Unfortunately it remains unsupported by
examples. Unidentified Execution Objects so to speak. That
notwithstanding, I wouldn't do anything on a Win platform that I wanted
to keep absolutely secure.

@_date: 2001-07-09 14:32:30
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Find Waldo now! 
In adopting the black outfit the Black Bloc has made themselves easier
to single out.
What about doing something a little more sophisticated like, say,
everyone wears jeans and sneakers and rolls a die to choose :
Baseball cap, bandana, t-shirt color.
Limit the garb to a small set of colors. red white blue green yellow
If it becomes clear that automated techniques are being used to study
regions of an image, up the list of colors.
Wear a secondary shirt color under the first.
Use a 7-Eleven cellphone in a baggie to keep saliva off.
Use sounds to coordinate movements. Sounds are tough to pinpoint in a
crowd and it's tough to prove who whistled or whose airhorn was dropped
on the street. Want to intimidate? An entire crowd chanting some 3-word slogan in
unison is probably as scary as the black outfit.
Let's see observers identify the presence or location of the group,
assign membership to a particular person or track a subgroup through a
crowd. Who's going to get three colors correct during a pursuit when
those colors can be lost or changed on the fly?
A single color is not so anonymous.

@_date: 2001-07-09 16:10:22
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: TV as an indicator... 
yup, $ not gas, but it is not necessarily wrong to be looking for subtle
themes that might inadvertently disclose a deeper illness.
Maybe these things exist as undercurrents in all societies and
occasionally they swirl a bit, setting loose a bit of swamp gas.
Sometimes the whole pond turns over bringing all sorts of stinking muck
to the surface.
Maybe it's disturbing to recognize these undercurrents in the smiling,
happy place you call home but they've been there all along.

@_date: 2001-07-10 11:49:29
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Satellite taxes 
Um, wouldn't a natural way to assess property taxes be to first decide
in which jurisdiction the property rests? For instance project the
boundary of jurisdictions into space from the geometrical center of the
earth. In which case it would probably be Brazil that should be
collecting the taxes and Hughes would be writing off the taxes as a cost
thereby reducing the taxes collected in California. Look for the
locations over international waters to get crowded. And what about the
surveillance satellites or Russian television satellites with polar
orbits? Should we set up manned toll booths to exact a fee and do the
agricultural inspection as they pass the projected borders? Or should we
say that the jurisdiction is that from which the property was launched?
BTW where do they launch these things from?
Just another useless publicity hound. I hope the idea gets permanently
mired in the courts.

@_date: 2001-07-11 08:58:28
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Who can tax a satellite? 
I suppose, as with any racket, whoever has the ability to knock the
satellites down or render them inoperable could levy a "tax" on them.

@_date: 2001-07-11 14:57:28
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Who can tax a satellite? 
The power to destroy is the power to tax. Did I get that backwards? I'm
sorry. The power to tax is the power to destroy. I suppose it makes no
difference. It's a statement of equivalence rather than implication.
Nothing neutral about it, is there?
They're first cousins, I suppose.

@_date: 2001-07-11 16:48:17
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: why roasting Condit's weenie is delicious -watching the watchers 
Gee who would've guessed he'd be a hypocrite?
It never ceases to amaze me how the religions and their followers have
convinced themselves and plenty of others that religion is the source of
ethical thought, that they are the originators and keepers of the
principles that arguably help people live together in groups. They're
mere adopters and plagiarists and not for altruistic purposes either.

@_date: 2001-07-12 09:52:26
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Big Brother the toilet troll 
Um, what would the price premium be for a toilet that operates as a
stoolie? 10X? 20X? Don't hold your breath waiting for it to become a
standard. Ever seen the commodes in Japan with all sorts of knobs and
switches? Reminds me of a joke I heard about same long ago. Rather than
take serious risks leave the bells and whistles alone and use the
compatibility mode.
Poop jokes on CP. Jeesh.

@_date: 2001-07-24 11:16:21
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
A very sound prediction about the behavior of a subset of potential
employees. I would bet that 40-50% of SW people haven't even heard of
the DMCA and Sklyarov or don't see it as a problem. While I'd like to think Adobe's behavior will limit their access to
people who fall on the high side of the curve, I've met plenty of bright
people who just don't care about certain issues.
Another counter-factor for your prediction would be continued economic
decline and a scarcity of jobs which while not a certainty is certainly
a possibility. The all-consuming Bay Area monkey-on-the-back mortgage
might tend to eclipse the politics for all but the most stallwart
technology freedom fighter.
Mortgage low, politics intact,
PS - I can't fault Adobe for wanting to protect their business but the
DMCA has got to go. It's the tech version of the war on drugs ain't it?
An excuse to storm and destroy without even trespass to justify it. Pure

@_date: 2001-07-24 16:05:44
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: mirrors and lasers 
Sure but take some dramamine first if you get motion sickness.
Are you implying that the wavelength for incident photons changes upon
interaction with the mirror?
The energy loss at the mirror is lost photons not altered wavelengths.
The lost photons have varying fates.

@_date: 2001-07-24 20:24:23
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Attention to detail lacking 
I think you often don't word things carefully enough. The resulting
discussions get pointless in a big hurry.
You stated that every photon interacts, loses energy and is re-emitted. I think the reflected beam has the same wavelength as the incident beam.
Your blurb about absorption and cascades is only true for some fraction
of the lost photons that constitute the inefficiency of the mirror.
Others have a different fate.
Maybe that's what you meant but you did say "every photon."
And here's an exchange with Tim :
The sun produces shitloads ( check your CRC Handbook for conversions
between the shitload and more familiar units ) of power :
says 386 billion billion megawatts If we know the spectral characteristics of the sun ( the black body
spectrum perhaps? ) we could come up with a photon count. I'm not sure
whether you mean to talk about photon counts and adjust the power and
wavelength variables or you really mean to discuss something that
operates somewhere between IR and UV. Let's assume the latter. It is
after all a LASER.
You did say "surface of the sun". To me that means integrate over 4 pi.
3.86E26 W regardless of the radius. I doubt if anyone has made a laser
that operates at that power level even for one fs. Let's try the other approach...
The power output from the sun is about 1350 W/m^2 as measured here.
Maybe that was what you meant as a reference power level. Let's see,
1350 W/m^2 -> 1.35E-3 W/mm^2 so a 1 mW laser with a beam area of .74mm^2
is "as bright as the sun" at least in terms of gross energy density.
That disregards spectral effects. Not too tough to be "brighter than the
sun". I don't think you could even light a bucket of gasoline 1 m away
with it no less knock down a rocket. It's also pretty easy to handle
with a basic mirror. I'd say that's a pretty wussy power level for
something that needs to melt a rocket in flight. Focussed to a spot that
is 1/1000 the area of the parent beam it starts to get interesting but
let's see you hold that spot steady from a 747 in turbulence long enough
to burn a hole in a nice shiny casing going 8000kph 200km away.
So if we're going to discuss physics let's do it with a bit of care.
Maybe it will be more interesting. I'm no expert but I'm willing to try.

@_date: 2001-07-24 20:33:38
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Kallstrom 
Did an interview for Time "Digital" 2 or 3 years ago. Just threw my copy
away. Equated limits on the effectiveness of domestic crypto with speed
limits. Pretty much spewed the party line. Had quit to work for a bank.
google it : james kallstrom fbi cryptography

@_date: 2001-07-25 10:18:59
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Attention to detail lacking 
The reason for the weak statement "I think" is that I imagine you might
make an argument that the momentum transfer from the photon to the
"mirror" results in a very small doppler shift...I'm just not positive
about it at the smallest level of interaction. I've reached the same conclusion. I've known some very bright people who
lacked access to a formal education. The results were some startling
levels of understanding mixed right in with some mind blowing
misconceptions and some outright gaps.

@_date: 2001-07-26 09:16:05
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Open 802.11b wireless access points and remailers 
There are multiple SBIR solicitations for this sort of thing.

@_date: 2001-07-26 09:53:50
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Subject: Re: Weird message from someone named "NIPC" 
Here's a   - NIPC is looking for high profile missions to back up up next year's
request for a massive appropriations increase and is hoping to stir up
the malcontents with incendiary leaks authenticated by a press release
about NIPC internal virus troubles. The negative effects of the current
report about internal virus infections will more than be offset by the
praise when this sophisticated strategy is revealed.
:Occam() it and place your bets
$20 on  to win

@_date: 2001-07-26 11:40:12
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Attentively slacking 
That would put you in your sixties. Off by more than ten years I'd
Though I can picture you stealing a tray from the Straight and sliding
down the hill. A little harmless youthful anarchy.
Wouldn't the permutation be equally likely? "It has even been suggested
that T.C. May is a pseudonym for Pynchon"
Fess up already! To this and the NIPC e-mail!

@_date: 2001-07-27 09:18:38
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
It's pretty bad.
The exemption (2) only applies if the intent is to advance the state of
the art in general or in the development of products. The means to
negate the exemption look like they're deeply embedded in the code.
(2)(A) is certainly easy to meet - woohoo.
(2)(B) is not too bad unless someone decides        that your intent goes beyond pure research
   (3)(A) makes it easier to call the intent           impure, especially if the dissemination
          is general rather than confined to the           guild
   (3)(B) is another thin end of the wedge to get
          a guild system up and running
   (3)(C) is not too bad unless it is determined
          that partial disclosure might indicate           a non-research intent
   (4)(A) is redundant
   (4)(B) looks like it can be used to severely
          restrict dissemination to anyone not
          closely associated with the researcher
All in all it's pretty shitty because it looks ( to a non-lawyer ) like
it defines the exemptions in such a way as to make it easy to prosectute
a person who decides to follow their curiosity and distributes widely.
What the fuck is a "legitimate course of study?" Whatever congress and
your local prosecutor say it is, right? The carpetbaggers are in
Rapid, broad, anonymous publishing is the only way to fight it.
Re: the Starbucks/MS Wallet access points - big surprise. Who here
expected the ideal gateway for anonymity to be handed to us on a silver
Wilde was right and life is looking very much like a Gibson novel.
The DMCA may be bad, but it's not *that* bad. It contains a broad
prohibition against circumvention ("No person shall circumvent a
technological measure that effectively controls access") and then has
a bunch of exceptions.
One of those -- and you can thank groups like ACM for this, if my
legislative memory is correct -- explicitly permits encryption
research. You can argue fairly persuasively that it's not broad
enough, and certainly 2600 found in the DeCSS case that the judge
wasn't convinced by their arguments, but at least it's a shield of
sorts. See below.
PS: Some background on Sklyarov case:
PPS: Note you only get the exemption if you make "a good faith effort
to obtain authorization before the circumvention." Gotta love
Congress, eh?
`(g) ENCRYPTION RESEARCH-
`(1) DEFINITIONS- For purposes of this subsection--
`(A) the term `encryption research' means activities necessary to
identify and analyze flaws and vulnerabilities of encryption
technologies applied to copyrighted works, if these activities are
conducted to advance the state of knowledge in the field of encryption
technology or to assist in the development of encryption products; and
`(B) the term `encryption technology' means the scrambling and
descrambling of information using mathematical formulas or algorithms.
`(2) PERMISSIBLE ACTS OF ENCRYPTION RESEARCH- Notwithstanding the
provisions of subsection (a)(1)(A), it is not a violation of that
subsection for a person to circumvent a technological measure as
applied to a copy, phonorecord, performance, or display of a published
work in the course of an act of good faith encryption research if--
`(A) the person lawfully obtained the encrypted copy, phonorecord,
performance, or display of the published work;
`(B) such act is necessary to conduct such encryption research;
`(C) the person made a good faith effort to obtain authorization
before the circumvention; and
`(D) such act does not constitute infringement under this title or a
violation of applicable law other than this section, including section
1030 of title 18 and those provisions of title 18 amended by the
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986.
`(3) FACTORS IN DETERMINING EXEMPTION- In determining whether a person
qualifies for the exemption under paragraph (2), the factors to be
considered shall include--
`(A) whether the information derived from the encryption research was
disseminated, and if so, whether it was disseminated in a manner
reasonably calculated to advance the state of knowledge or development
of encryption technology, versus whether it was disseminated in a
manner that facilitates infringement under this title or a violation
of applicable law other than this section, including a violation of
privacy or breach of security;
`(B) whether the person is engaged in a legitimate course of study, is
employed, or is appropriately trained or experienced, in the field of
encryption technology; and
`(C) whether the person provides the copyright owner of the work to
which the technological measure is applied with notice of the findings
and documentation of the research, and the time when such notice is
`(4) USE OF TECHNOLOGICAL MEANS FOR RESEARCH ACTIVITIES-
Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(2), it is not a
violation of that subsection for a person to--
`(A) develop and employ technological means to circumvent a
technological measure for the sole purpose of that person performing
the acts of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2);
`(B) provide the technological means to another person with whom he or
she is working collaboratively for the purpose of conducting the acts
of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2) or for
the purpose of having that other person verify his or her acts of good
faith encryption research described in paragraph (2).

@_date: 2001-07-27 10:15:06
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
What are today's options for anonymous publication? A good summary might
be instructive.

@_date: 2001-07-27 10:31:59
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
Un-yikes yourself. Since the mail goes to a list I wasn't necessarily
asking you to do the job - I'm interested enough that if tips filter in
I'll check them out and package them nicely in an FAQ. That is assuming
one does not already exist.

@_date: 2001-07-27 17:04:39
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
George wrote :
It's pretty odd. That is to say, aren't most academic results eventually
available to the world at large? The more interesting or applicable they
are the faster they spread. So what's the difference where and how the
information is released? It is either part of the public forum or it is
not. Are we going to split academic publications into two classes now?
Will you need a license to hear certain lectures and be prohibited from
passing on what you've learned? (3)(A) is an unfairly arbitrary
criterion for assigning criminal culpability. Also, what is the relevance of the "or a violation of applicable law
other than this section, including a violation of privacy or breach of
security" bit? Are they trying to apply the DMCA to anyone who publishes
information that makes it easier to develop exploits against OS bugs?
That piece seems out of place. There must be a reason it was included.
As for George's  DMCA does have that flavor. I suppose that it will
retain its value as a means for intimidation, Constitutional or
otherwise, as long as it is not tested. Then there's the nightmare
scenario in which it is upheld. Let's not go there.
DMCA is ***not that bad***, at least there is a research exemption but
if you want to be a pessimist it looks as though you could be screwed
for communicating your knowledge to anyone but a partner or the owner of
the copyright protection system. Free labor for the copyright holder.
The satisfaction of a job well done for the laboror. Somehow the
information derived from study belongs to the owner of the thing
studied. Why not apply the same principal to the studies of the human
As for Mr. Felton's run-in with this abomination, did he sign any sort
of contract with the music guys to get the materials he needed to do his
work? That might change how we view his situation relative to DMCA.

@_date: 2001-07-27 17:17:57
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
Unless I'm mistaken a node keeps a reference ( even if only temorarily )
to the originating node when data is added. So if I publish
sooper-infringer.tar.gz and the neighboring node that gets it is a narc
I'm screwed. Identify your dissidents and put in informants as
neighbors. Admittedly I didn't read everything yet. What did I miss?

@_date: 2001-07-27 18:31:25
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
Not acceptable. DMCA is too one-sided. It is an unjust evolutionary
How would this play out : Hello Clay and Hay Brick Corp, sorry to rain
on your hacienda but I've figured out a way to compromise your new
eContent system. You might as well tell us, we'll have the FBI kick your
ass if you tell anyone else. It was a lot of work and I'm really clever,
I should get paid for my efforts. Sounds like cyber-terrorist threats to
me. You'd better factor the likely scenarios into your backup policy.
I suppose the only bright spot is that 99.99% of the content that is
"protected" by DMCA is not worth consuming in the first place.

@_date: 2001-07-30 10:42:01
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
I'm really not completely clued-in to all of the publishing options but
my gut instinct says that the more rapid and widespread the dispersal
the better. The originator of proscribed information needs to be
anonymous but it seems that if the recipients are many and diverse then
the level of guilt associated with reception can be ameliorated. A mixmaster chain firing the info off into a whole shitload of lists
looks like a pretty good way to ensure that information is not made
extinct. If a DeCSS source+bin zip had been anonymously mailed to 40 million
people the terrain for the legal fight might have been different. I
think JQPublic hasn't yet grasped the absurdity of "illegal information"
and might react unpredictably if told that possessing or forwarding
certain e-mails was a crime. Non-techie people I've spoken with about
the state of affairs flat out didn't believe me.

@_date: 2001-07-30 13:23:35
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist subpoenas 
The larger problem notwithstanding there's at least one little bit of
language in this piece that is odd :
  "He said the government is    seeking all of Leggett's    material, including all    originals and copies."
Even if we make the extreme assumption that there is some pressing and
justifiable need for federal prosecutors to have access to her materials
how do you explain the need to possess "all originals and copies?" It
doesn't make sense. Why should she not be allowed to keep a copy of her
work? How does the existence of an uncontrolled copy lower the value of
the original in the case of a recording? Or in the case of her own notes
why would a copy not suffice.
Looks like a reporter ( or anyone else for that matter ) should keep
well hidden backups of their notes and work so that they can comply with
Napolean complexes, fishing expeditions and spin control operations and
not lose their life's work.

@_date: 2001-07-30 13:47:23
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist subpoenas 
That is one method of "well hidden"
How about placing blocks of data on a safe site? A petit Napoleon would
be able to subpoena a plaintext copy of the data and possibly make a
fight about getting the keys but would not be able to deprive the owner
of the data. That is, to me, the strangest and most disturbing part of
this story considering how easy and cheap it is to make decent copies of
almost anything written or taped. Why should an owner not be allowed to retain a copy?

@_date: 2001-07-30 16:01:11
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist subpoenas 
OKOKOK - stored, not hidden.
 - This is her current predicament - she refused to produce physical
 - Doesn't look so bad - she can produce all physical copies and still
get access to her safe site. Safe is pretty generic, meaning possibly
out of the jurisdiction, out of her control and visible to herself and
possibly others as plaintext or otherwise. Not sure how it is possible
to hassle her if she produces all physical copies as ordered but has
taken steps to maintain future accessibility for her own purposes.
Pardon me for being sloppy about "safe site".
If the motherfuckers want all of the copies they can achieve that goal
assymptotically by downloading the data repeatedly. Disks are cheap.
 - not entirely unlike  really - the data is out of her control.
Only difference I can see is that there is a record of a transfer with a
date prior to the subpoena.  admits of this same solution if blocks of data are mailed to some
safe location on a regular basis. I don't see why some official type of
escrow is required as long as the unsquelchable distribution predates
the subpoena. BTW - would a subpoena such as the one served on the journalist specify
that the contents of the records were not to be communicated to anyone?
Not a particularly useful answer and not necessarily justifiable on the
part of the court. I think eventually a better answer would have to be
produced, one that justified the censorship. We're back to what
originally struck me as odd, and wrong, about this item. Whoever has her
stuff should copy it and move the copy offshore because something is
very wrong on the part of the court.

@_date: 2001-07-30 18:53:25
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Do not taunt happy-fun-court. 
<004701c11935$c950c780$2d010a0a
  <3B65C7DB.883E512A
  <007301c11940$47b26700$2d010a0a
  <3B65E737.E621DE0B
  <008701c11954$d3dabe80$2d010a0a
Oh pointy one,
I suppose you feel the same way about discussions of law as I feel about
discussions of physics. I think if we studied the archives  we'd find
that my physics is pretty well on target. I try to stay out of it but
sometimes I just can't help myself. It's not necessarily a bad thing.
When I said IANAL I did not offer legal advice - I only offered what I
think is right. Maybe that's what IANAL means. Shake loose a little of
your own earfudge and try reading it that way.
Right and wrong are not strictly the same as what is legal and what is
not. That imperfect alignment is the topic of many of the discussions on
this list. It may be idealistic and out of line with reality but no more
so than is the idea that the law defines right and wrong, is absolute
and in control. Besides, without a little idealism we'd all be eating
the King's shit three times a day and telling ourselves it's delicious.
SO, thanks bunches for your time. When I need legal advice I'll
certainly hire a lawyer and not someone who prefaces his statements with
IANAL. When I want to discuss opinions of what is right and what is
wrong I already know enough to take what a lawyer says cum grano salis.

@_date: 2001-07-31 16:34:33
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Spoliation, escrows, courts etc. 
I think there are several actions and states mixed up here and it makes
it difficult to extract the most pertinent opinions. I'm as guilty as
anyone of mixing the stuff together. I'll try to be more specific this
time. Let's start with the type of information the TX reporter might have. This information might be divisible into four classes : A) documents freely given by their owners
B) documents of dubious provenance
C) documentary works
D) editorial works
For information let's stick with C) and D). No real need to muddy the
waters. The sense of outrage is most keen when it comes to works created
by the reporter.
There are a fairly small set of states to be accounted for :
1) unaware that the information could become the object of a court
2) aware that the information could become the object of a court action
3) aware that the information was in fact the object of a court action
Now my sense of right and wrong says states 1) and 2) are equivalent and
that only state 3), awareness of a subpoena, is potentially relevant but
our relevant pro bono guy says not.
There are a few actions that are of interest
i)   disclosure
ii)  destruction
iii) revocable storage of copies
iv)  public distribution of copies
v)   irrevocable storage of copies
Whether it was clear or not, and despite it's being a frequent topic, I
don't think anyone was all that interested in the destruction of
evidence or the withholding of information, so that leaves iii), iv) and
v). Another frequent element of discussions here is the ease and
accuracy with which digital information can be copied and distributed
but I think most would agree that iii) is not interesting legally or
technically since like i) and ii) it comes down to can you conceal
information or not - a plain old ordinary fight. We're really left with three states :
  Perception and awareness of the court's degree of interest
    none, potential, forceful
and two actions :
  irrevocable storage of a copy as public or private
that are interesting. Narrowed down in this way my sense of right and wrong says the author of
the information can do as they choose and should not have to rely on
officially approved excuses to avoid incarceration. I feel this way
pretty much across the board for all types of works but for the moment
let's stick with non-software items such as a reporter is likely to
author. It seems as though, in the interest of justice, a court should
not have the power to confiscate or suppress an author's own work.
Examine it prior to publication? Possibly, but seriously debatable.
Aren't there any limits or controls on the actions of the court with
respect to an author? Aren't there some things that a court is simply
not allowed to do and will never even attempt? Is the only recourse in
the case of genuine abuse a long expensive losing battle against the
forces of darkness? To allow a court to punish the publication or
distribution of one's own works, even under subpoena, seems like an open
invitation to abuse. Oddly, thinking about this topic has made me remember some interesting
discussions with the person responsible for forcibly shutting down the
radio stations, television stations and newspapers as part of a (
successful and longstanding ) coup. It's a bit scary. I don't think the
power to destory^H^H^Hroy the press should be a fundamental part of the
structure here. Maybe we accept the actions of a police state more
peacefully when they're neatly clothed in formalities and done by baby
steps but that doesn't alter their underlying nature. As with a coup,
let's require full-blown military intervention to shut down the press.
At least then we'll have no doubts about where we stand. BTW - it will be interesting to actually find out detailed facts in the
case of this TX reporter. I'm sure Jim will graciously forward a link.

@_date: 2001-06-06 09:05:45
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Ed Felten and researchers sue RIAA, DOJ over right to publish 
It is important that Felton win his case. What I wonder is even if he
does will the courts create only a very narrow exception for
credentialed scientists working at recognized institutions? As far as
I'm concerned anyone who is curious, learns something and wants to
publish should have the same rights as a prof at any university. So even
if he wins the battle is far from over.

@_date: 2001-06-06 13:16:02
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Broken Parts 
I miss NYC.
S S W r o t e :
I'd guess that the narcs are seriously under-enumerated.
Which part is defective? The mouth or the ear? The hand or the eye? The
ruler or the dissident?

@_date: 2001-06-06 13:24:48
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
This is just a guess but you'd be pretty likely to incur the wrath of
your owners if you started experimenting with effective solid fuels even
out in the middle of nowhere on your own property.
Just acquiring the raw materials would probably draw unwanted attention
and give the fascists enough grist to prove intent. Intent for whatever
they feel like charging you with, that is.
I think they want a monopoly on research and technology even remotely
related to warfare.

@_date: 2001-06-12 18:13:18
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FWI-FW: NIJ Standard-0227.00, Digital Intercept System (DIS)... 
A pessimist like myself assumes the worst about the existence and use of
things like this. It would be interesting to see but if you use
mixmasters and end-to-end encryption their investment is probably for
That standards like this can be kept hidden does piss me off...
got a copy?

@_date: 2001-06-20 10:57:14
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Rental Cars Now Big Brother Enabled 
So now I need to bring Al foil and scotch tape when I travel?

@_date: 2001-06-22 15:34:48
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Two Countries, One City (A civil libertarian/anarcho-capitalist challenge?)  
Oddly enough, this topic came up at home this morning over coffee and
pastries on the front porch with someone from a similarly troubled
country. Even more oddly, we were in agreement.
Want to begin improving the lives of poor people around the world? For
starters it seems to me that everywhere the Spanish colonized is royally
fucked-up. Family planning will do more to ease the suffering and
improve the lot of the poor than a whole grand canyon full of pious,
chanting padres.
As for the "civil libertarian/anarcho-capitalist challenge" the poor in
these areas ( Mexico, SA, Philippines ) barely have resources to feed
their children and don't have the energy or the will to think about
political philosophy and realization through technology. That is the
domain of their masters, the well-off.

@_date: 2001-06-25 16:41:23
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Earth to Dopey 
I was right the first time around, you're off in the tall grass, can't
see where you're headed and seriously mistaken. I'm not a .coN web page
author. I am getting very.seriously.pissed though. You've run square
into the libel laws. I think my father-in-law still has Fed LE contacts
in the US. I'll find you.
Ahhh, that could very well be, but I'm not one of them and what someone
else does to YOUR email is of absolutely zero interest to me.
Sorry, you definitely have the wrong ID, never did a web site, find it
entirely uninteresting.
You're way off in the tall grass, sonny.
You're very quick to assume and accuse based on bad research. It's gonna
cost yuz. First in Court...
Not my PC, besides, what does it matter which insecure OS runs Netscape?
Are you an elite genius because you put Linux or BSD on a PC? Golly,
I'll bet it's twice as secure as Windows. Wow! Maybe someday I can learn
how to do that!

@_date: 2001-06-26 12:38:08
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Pleading to Washington for broadband 
Fat old hogs moseyin' up to the trough : a bid for more corporate
welfare. Tax credits! Let them pay their own way by selling goods and
services. Internet connectivity is not a necessity, it is a luxury and
as such should be financed the old-fashioned way. Woops! scratch that!
The old-fashioned way is raising taxes or deficit spending! However good it may sound to get the country wired and give the economy
a boost this seems like a bad way to do it. Want a tax break - do it
across the board.

@_date: 2001-06-27 10:47:54
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: DUI Speaking Book 
Is the content of the book available somewhere? Copyright
It's mostly academic since I don't drive schnockered but don't the
consequences of refusal to take a field test vary from state to state? I
always had the (possibly mistaken) impression in NY that refusal =
guilty or at least hauled off to hospital for a blood test. I've no idea
what things are like in CA. I like the part about staying in the car and
not opening the window so he can't stick his sniffer flashlight in your
face. Does that vary from state to state also?
I guess the bottom line is that I resent the unconstitutional (fascist
supreme court decisions aside) roadblocks and loosening of the 4th for
automobile searches and preferred the old days when erratic driving was
the prerequisite for a stop. Not that that couldn't be created out of
whole cloth too but at least the wholesale stopping was not the norm.

@_date: 2001-06-27 14:50:29
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: DMCA / When you decrypt, that's illegal (fwd) 
Nothing new. P. Junger has written on the topic. I think this may be an
early draft but it is certainly more informative than a recent post.
It all sounds logical but then who owns the legislature?

@_date: 2001-06-27 16:53:07
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Phoning Home 
I'd be steamed if I had a laptop stolen. Recovering stolen property
sounds good but the little zTrace widget is probably in the flash or on
the hdd - reflash bios, reinstall os. Might want to use a pcmcia nic to
get a new mac address, I have seen an enet chip that uses a small eeprom
for the mac and can be reprogrammed in circuit, use Linux to avoid the
cpuid sneaking out. Now how does it phone home? Best bet is watch it
closely or lock it up when you can't.

@_date: 2001-06-28 09:42:34
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Dick Cheney: the new Hillary Clinton 
Caught a snippet of Shrub's DOE speech this morning. He refers to the US
Government as "my government." Says it'll be doing its best to bring
great technology to market, that there are no limits to what technology
can achieve.
I'd be less negative about the current administration if Shrub had said
"your government" but hey I live in a dreamworld. I don't expect
anything from Shrub but pandering faith-based waste.

@_date: 2001-06-28 10:28:56
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Phoning Home 
I think when writing a Master Boot Record ( it's been 10 years since I
wrote tools that did this ) you can leave as much space as you want
completely uncomitted anywhere on the drive. This space should still be
accessible by logical block address on the device. What could get fairly
interesting is that drives typically reserve some sectors on each track
for replacement use should one of the logical sectors on the track go
bad. Western Digital  offers utilities that manage
their drives, apparently even the recent models. What I wonder is are
the proprietary APIs published or would the tools have to be reverse
engineered? This would allow access to substantial storage that would
not show up using that standard ATA calls. In the end though, that storage must be accessed from code in the BIOS
or the booted OS so wiping those will probably do the job. Seems like whether you're talking about asset recovery or Napster and
copyright the only solutions are men with briefcases and guns or
proprietary Si. SW is too easily manipulated.

@_date: 2001-06-29 16:36:32
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: compelled speech in texas 
It looks unconstitutional. And dumb too. What is "fully-functional"?
Which operating system? I lean towards RTEMS myself.
Exactly which material should it screen?
You could probably be in full compliance and protest at the same time.
Let's say something like :
Howdy Howdy
Howdy Cowpokes! Texas State Law sec 35.102 compliance
How does filter sw work? How do you intercept the data between Netscape
and the sockets calls? Is it some kind of proxy on the local machine?
Isn't there some sockets or perl whiz who could whip up a fully
functional freeware gizmo for Linux that filters the word fuck from an
http connection and replaces it with peck in italics? That would fix the
       Sec. 35.102. SOFTWARE OR SERVICES THAT RESTRICT ACCESS TO CERTAIN
MATERIAL ON INTERNET.
       (a) A person who provides an interactive computer service to
another person for a fee shall provide free of charge to each subscriber
of the service in this state a
       link leading to fully functional shareware, freeware, or
demonstration versions of software or to a service that, for at least
one operating system, enables the
       subscriber to automatically block or screen material on the
Internet.        (b) A provider is considered to be in compliance with this
section if the provider places, on the provider's first page of world
wide web text information accessible to
       a subscriber, a link leading to the software or a service
described by Subsection (a). The identity of the link or other on-screen
depiction of the link must appear
       set out from surrounding written or graphical material so as to
be conspicuous. \ . . . \        Sec. 35.103. CIVIL PENALTY.        (a) A person is liable to the state for a civil penalty of $2,000
for each day on which the person provides an interactive computer
service for a fee but fails to
       provide a link to software or a service as required by Section
35.102. The aggregate civil penalty may not exceed $60,000.        (b) The attorney general may institute a suit to recover the
civil penalty. Before filing suit, the attorney general shall give the
person notice of the person's
       noncompliance and liability for a civil penalty. If the person
complies with the requirements of Section 35.102 not later than the 30th
day after the date of the
       notice, the violation is considered cured and the person is not
liable for the civil penalty.

@_date: 2001-03-02 15:18:04
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Network crypto is not enough: One example of why. 
An ancient and revered topic. If you start to pursue the paranoid trains
of thought that haunt the subject you'll see that you probably shouldn't
even have the key entered via the laptop's chipset if you really want
the disk to be useless when removed. Which points to the need for a lump
in the ribbon cable with a HW key + lengthy PIN.

@_date: 2001-03-05 16:38:36
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test 
Just trying to give proper representation to the techno-paranoid. The
scenario looks too easy. Obviously the meeting was arranged via an AOL
chat room. What can it be but a setup?
BTW, in the scenario the female is not a mercenary, just a pawn trying
to meet the terms of her plea bargain.
I have yet to see much on CP that isn't either spam or performance art.

@_date: 2001-03-06 11:40:36
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: arrgh 
Shouldn't the proper reference be "Toto too" instead of "Toto from
Canada" ?
Has anyone tracked down these goofy requests and compiled some
statistics about what the hell they are?
BTW - what is the actual law regarding discussing the requested topic (
and related topics ) over various communications media?

@_date: 2001-03-12 18:40:31
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: papd.sig 
Is that what all the psychoanalytic babble was about? Hurt feelings? The
.sig is an attitudinal antecedent to the Jefferson quote that Tim used
to use and is not particularly original. I think the analogy is a bit
off too - an analogy that equates the members of the power structure to
those of a feudal system like an organized crime syndicate might better
Also, note the way that a "logical" discussion of PAPD can be used to
classify anyone who disagrees. Next step after we've identified those
with deflicted vision - get the reporters to write about internet-using
subversives, get a judge to sign the papers, tattoo a number on 'em and
take 'em away for reeducation. Fill lots of pages, make it sound as
logical as you want too, it's still leukocytoid dogdoo.
Longing for the good old days   of "concealement grilles"
  and universal ground straps,

@_date: 2001-03-19 10:02:17
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum 
I had one brief go at the FCC site but didn't find a what I was looking
for. However, I think that for surveillance reasons the channel hopping
sequences are canned. I'm *kinda* sure that a private pseudorandom walk
is not allowed.

@_date: 2001-11-05 10:03:49
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
What a shocker - put fascists in all three branches of government and
we're seeing fascism practiced in our streets at the first opportunity.
Maybe we have nothing better to offer, maybe it's just the best we can
do with our atrophied principles.

@_date: 2001-11-05 10:34:40
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: American Schools Need Flattening Too 
Eric Cordian  wrote :
Let's see, agreeing by waving the flag is OK but disagreeing is
forbidden. Just garden variety fascism. How many kids were suspended for
the political speech that is wearing flags?
Annoying is an weak adjective to describe training our children to
accept censorship. They're a bunch of goddamned authoritarian shitheads.
People who think that way would be perfect little middle managers in a
Hitlerian Germany or the Cold War USSR. They deserve no place here.
Is that "cruft" or "crust" or would just plain dingleberry do? Or
I think that the dynamic in operation here is that maintaining the fear
level will :
1) allow the USA PATRIOT machinery implementation to proceed as planned
2) delay legal assaults against the USA PATRIOT act
As long as the fear levels are kept high, the "you're either with
AMERICA or against it" cry can be used to protect the power grab. The
longer the power grab persists the more difficult it will be to
dismantle in the future. I'm not quite as convinced as Tim that the
country is 100% fucked but we're sure as hell past the halfway point and
running at full throttle.
Undermining or

@_date: 2001-11-05 10:40:33
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FW: Damn ! I wish I'd though ot fhis myself 
"Karsten M. Self"  wrote :
All that dust might give 'em silicosis.
and rubble - why waste all that fuel? Just bury them in their own
Humor - it lightens the mood, makes the days go by quickly.

@_date: 2001-11-06 10:07:06
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: More Creeping Public School Fascism 
Eric Cordian  They can only do what the parents allow them to do. I would have told
the school to go fuck itself silly before I'd let them interrogate my
kid. As far as I'm concerned off school time and grounds they have no
say whatsoever.
Read about Vlad Tsepesh. In a private conversation with a recalcitrant
administrator it's what I would suggest as reading material to be
absorbed prior to decision-making...
I actually teach my kids to lie. Whenever some form pops up on their
browser they get pretty creative. The other day I overheard them making
up stuff to enter : male, 36, from Austin, Texas. Not bad for such
little sprouts.
When ( not if ) my kids get in trouble over some 1st issue, they will be
protected unconditionally and without reserve as to methods.

@_date: 2001-11-06 14:36:24
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: [CNN] FBI: Threat against Western bridges 'not credible' 
"A. Melon"  wrote :
Like it mattered at all that they were there? Except for the superficial
effect of comforting the poor scared sheep I didn't see anything
effective, I didn't see anyone searching trucks or opening car trunks.
Form over function. Same as airport security. Psyops. Like the warnings
to keep people off balance. Should we start a pool to see who can guess
when ashcruft will put everyone 'on highest alert' next? It'll probably
line up with an ACLU attack on the USAmaPATriarchalRIOT act. Only a
commie traitor could object to le power grabs at a time when alerts are
clearly critical to the survival of the entire nation and its way of

@_date: 2001-11-06 14:47:14
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Business 'rights' and free markets 
"Sandy Sandfort"  wrote :
Would that be the one where overachieving acorns transcend their humble
station and aggressively hunt down blind squirrels in order to
consummate their fate and achieve oneness with the cosmos? Lucky squirrels.

@_date: 2001-11-07 10:33:01
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: [CNN] FBI: Threat against Western bridges 'not credible' 
Anonymous  wrote :
That Depends...
Brings to mind some NYC burglars...you know how you see NYC apartments
in movies where there are multiple locks on the door? It's true. Ever
seen one of those four-edged keys? Looks like it would be living hell to
pick. Well, some burglars found a way around it - they just smashed
through the wallboard next to the door. Now I'm not saying that this is
exactly what will happen next on an airliner but how much good will all
this show of force, new doors, sky marshals and ID checking do if these
bastards choose to launch one of those unaccounted-for stingers from
somewhere near a flight path over a densely populated area?
And before you say it's too tough to get one of those into the country -
I think customs checks <5% of incoming containers. And who knows, maybe
just a hail of bullets could knock out the turbines...
That's the problem with the "homeland security" gig - there are not
enough trillions to plug all of the holes in the dike.
So what to do? Well, the last four weeks of bombing and money hunting
are something. Not much, but something. And before it's labeled
prejudice I'm reasonably convinced that the guys who hijacked those
flights on 911 were not named smith, schmidt, o'malley, kowalski,
suzuki, xing, leclerc, rojas, or running bear.
Mainlining petroleum has helped put us at risk. Allowing automotive and
petroleum interests to run our country has prevented us from pursuing
conservation measures and alternative energy as aggressively as we
should have. Were we less dependent on petroleum in general and imported
petroleum in particular we would be at lower risk and in a stronger
position today. Consumption is just too much fun - until the bill
Management by crisis is always costly. Everyone talks about our being
"engaged" in the Middle East - they're wrong - we're bloody well married
to it and it's going to be one mother of an expensive divorce. Fuck^H^H^H^HThank you GM, Ford, Chrysler, Exxon, Mobil, BP, reagan,
bush, clinton, bush, congress and, most of all, all of us.

@_date: 2001-11-07 10:54:49
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: More silly stuff ( was RE: Enemy at the Door ) 
keyser-soze at hushmail.com wrote :
A deadly weapon triggered by unreliable SW using a nonexistant database
would just give away the fact that you're on to the enemy and cause you
undue legal grief. If your own surveillance remains a secret you're in a
stronger position. Besides, should you care to tip your hand you might
start with something simpler like indelible purple dye. IIRC human skin
has a replacement period of ~3 weeks. Chances are your intruders would
be from some local or regional installation. Purple people shouldn't be
too tough to spot as they make their way to the office and home again (
unless you live in California ). Your more aggressive tactics could then
be employed at a time and place of your choosing.

@_date: 2001-11-07 11:57:21
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: [CNN] FBI: Threat against Western bridges 'not credible' 
read it. the alternatives are not quite as cheap or plentiful or
accessible as the Middle East and if many oil eaters start looking away
from the ME there will be other problems too

@_date: 2001-11-07 14:23:01
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Sony and Robots...shows how crazy the "anti-hacking" regime 
Tim May  wrote :
I have my own gripe about this and related items. We've all read about
MS's nasty license agreements and how they affect the spread of
alternative operating systems. Well, I wanted to pick a decent graphics
card that would be well supported under Linux. ATI has a lot of hooplah
on their site about how they are Linux-friendly so I started there. The
card I tentatively chose was the All-in-Wonder Radeon. It has MPEG2 HW,
TV Tuner, Graphics engine, TV out. There is XFREE86 support and there is
a project that has video capture working but no matter where I looked I
couldn't find technical docs for the thing. Isn't that where most driver
projects begin? It's what I've always stared with anyway. So I called
their Developer Support number and was told, in spite of the talk about
Linux support on the website, that they don't give that technical
reference out to just anyone but that some information had been released
to the Linux community. I have yet to locate exactly what was released.
I know it does not include the register set description for the TVout
portion and having seen SW DCT code in project sources I wonder if the
HW is being put fully to use. A HW DCT makes a huge difference in
performance. The net effect is that Linux development is hobbled. Is
this because ATI is protecting some sort of IP?
Anyway it kind of ticks me off.
So there's more, I'm pretty suspicious of BIOS and MS OS snoopiness.
Wouldn't it be nice to have open source BIOS? There is a Sourceforge
project called FreeBIOS and a cousin called LinuxBIOS. Again, I like to
start with documentation. Well the motherboard mfr offers little in the
way of technical info. Same for the chipset mfr. Unless you're a
corporate customer.
I don't really have a lot of time to reverse engineer this shit but I'm
just about mad enough to make time.

@_date: 2001-11-07 18:02:48
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || An Introduction to Moral Theory 
The author has neglected to consider the 4th and 5th frameworks :
BIGSTICKOLOGY. Wherein the existence of a disagreement defines the
entire situation independent of the reference frameworks or the specific
arguments of the participants and he with the biggest stick decides the
moral question.
THIRDPARTYBIGGERSTICKOLOGY. Wherin a third party, completely
uninterested in the moral dilemma faced by the parties of the first and
second part, has a bigger stick than either of them and resolves their
moral dilemma by altering completely the moral landscape from which the
contest arose in the first place rendering the arguments and opinions of
the first and second parties irrelevant.
Plus there could be a SIXTH and hitherto undiscovered framework.
Dammit Jim, post reviews not just links.

@_date: 2001-11-09 10:01:37
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Republican Position on USC T 18 Ch 115 Sec 2383ff 
What a guy!
Abraham Lincoln :
"Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing Government, they can
exercise their constitutional right of amending it or their
revolutionary right to dismember or
overthrow it." President Abraham Lincoln, "First Inaugural Address" (available at
 "Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the
right to rise up, and shake off the existing government, and form a new
one that suits them
better. This is a most valuable,---a most sacred right---a right, which
we hope and believe, is to liberate the world. Nor is this right
confined to cases in which the
whole people of an existing government, may choose to exercise it." (Speech in the United States House of Representatives, Jan. 12, 1848) As far as I am concerned, to the extent that a government restricts
speech against it, it betrays its weakness and strengthens the
oppostion. When was the last time we heard one of our current crop of
political weenies speak so clearly or with such faith in the governed?
Not in my lifetime.

@_date: 2001-11-09 10:30:29
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Republican Position on USC T 18 Ch 115 Sec 2383ff 
OK, you got me, so I'm guilty of that political trick of ignoring the
broader picture and using only partial facts in support of my own narrow
point of view. sosumi ;)
The words, taken on their own, are fine words and I stick by the bit
about a government's willingness to persecute dissidents being a sign of
its inherent weakness and lack of fitness to serve.

@_date: 2001-11-09 12:43:17
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: A Simple Plan ( Re: explosives ) 
"matt ."  wrote :
By the name perhaps a "Basque Separatist" is more likely.
It's a fairly simple process really.
1) read about many types
2) choose one
3) get the materials
4) make it
5) turn the material in to your watch commander
6) blame everyone that you found to be of assistance during your project
of providing material assistance to terrorists
 is all too likely to be true because some terrorists wear uniforms
and some hold public office.

@_date: 2001-11-12 12:14:19
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Teasing Receivers 
Re: mapping in the sierras and places west "Major Variola (ret)"  wrote :
Doesn't sound very difficult or expensive to make. Even easier would be Near IR emitters teasing overflights with sedition
and libelous insults. Should fit in a small package. Could probably
operate for a long time without attention.
Any idea what sort of power levels would be needed to assure visibility?
Lots of desolate hills around. Might be fun to see if they're even

@_date: 2001-11-12 17:15:50
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Sedition 
Faustine  wrote :
DNS has been giving me grief into the wee hours so I figure I'm pretty
slow myself but I'm thinking you just could be a mite clueless.
*When asked by parents why you're taking so long in the bathroom :
A: Oh, I'm just shooting up so I can put up with you guys at the dinner
*When asked by the priest how you spent your weekend :
A: Oh we had an orgy and sacrificed a goat to Satan at midnight on
Saturday. The blood was really tasty. Then we stalked hot teen virgins
at the church picnic.
*When asked by the drug police how you spent your weekend :
A: Oh, we moved 100 lbs of crack from our labs to NYC and wasted a
prosecutor who was giving us a little grief in LA.
*When asked (observed speaking) by the counterterrorism official how you
spent your weekend :
When asked by a member of the Comittee to Stamp Out Violence in the
Media what your favorite movie is you launch into detailed descriptions
of Pulp Fiction and praise each scene lavishly and then challenge her to
a game of DOOM.
When asked about my opinion for what needed at the library in my town (
since I'm not responsible for doing anything about it but know a few
folks who are ) I say there should be more hardcopy porno and a better
IN connection. Then I don't waste my time answering questions that will
never be implemented anyway.
Is that enough?
So if false it is art and even if it is true, so what? Studying tactics
& methods is not planning some sort of an attack.

@_date: 2001-11-13 09:28:06
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Rating System 
Eric Murray  wrote :
The Historical Guide Declan suggested would be far more interesting.

@_date: 2001-11-13 16:09:16
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Soldiers Celebrate with executions 
Golly gee willikers, you mean it's not all beard-shaving,
turban-tossing, music and dancing in the streets? You mean our own news
agencies were just spewing propaganda? Now ain't that a surprise? Why do
you suppose they would do that?

@_date: 2001-11-19 11:13:31
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
"!Dr. Joe Baptista"  wrote :
Where did this bullshit come from? Did someone take a ravioli recipe and
do some search and replace?
Is Dr. Joe Baptista really Jim Choate in disguise?
My favorite short quote : "The trick is to bring the U-235 masses together at the same time."
I'm slow, I know, so I'm still trying to figure out how to do it any
other way when you have only two pieces. Could someone help me
understand this part of the design?
I would have to say, though, that my absolute favorite part is where one
starts with a supercritical mass and subsequently divides it into two
equal parts in order to prepare the device. ROTFL.
Anyone gonna post fast neutron cross-section data for Pu and U isotopes?

@_date: 2001-11-19 14:11:42
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Virtual Bhurkas ( was : Re: Nuclear Pipe Bombs )  
Ken Brown  wrote :
1) I thought spherical shells were the usual geometry?
2) It sure as hell looks like it's time to start creating private
archives of public data and seeing to it that the data are propagated.
Sneakernet revisited only now with CD's instead of floppies.
3) Time for ideas to don a bhurka before they go out in the street, to
meet in secret places, to avoid the eyes and ears of Mullahs Ashcroft
and Blair.

@_date: 2001-11-19 14:19:29
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Cypherpunk failures  
"Roy M. Silvernail"  wrote :
Oh, I get it OK, it just doesn't sound cuddly.

@_date: 2001-11-26 14:55:29
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
Sunder  wrote :
Yes - end of story.
The only way I can think of to prevent this is to have the disk
completely encrypted in which case you could safely give a copy to
anyone who wanted one. The BIOS shouldn't be trusted either. The problem
then is booting which could be done from some sort of card/dongle that
you carry with you that requires a (many digit)PIN before it
regurgitates your boot code.
Yup. Maybe a bootFLASH can be replaced with some SRAM which must be
downloaded from your key device before booting. Something like : power
up, hold processor in reset, remove boot SRAM from bus, load boot code,
switch boot memory to system bus, allow startup.
A physical device plus a PIN seems somewhat immune to that problem. In
fact you could keep multiple copies.
Mostly. Probably anything that is exported and some that aren't.
Not if there is no code in the clear on the machine - no functional
BIOS, no usable HDD.
With the BIOS and HDD encrypted off is safe.
Might be a neat little gizmo with a keypad. BIOS is encrypted on the
motherboard. Boot memory is SRAM that is lost when power is removed (
lost short of extreme detection measures that is ). The little gizmo
reads the encrypted BIOS, decrypts and transfers it to boot SRAM.
Maybe just installing an OS you got as a binary is all it takes to be
F'd. Maybe rebuilding that OS with an F'd compiler propagates the
If you have everything encrypted until your key device readies it for
boot then you could run a F'd BIOS, OS and apps as long as you kept the
system isolated. Let it log all it wants. Sounds like a good sentence
for a Windows box.

@_date: 2001-11-28 10:34:03
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: mark 
My guess for "mark" : derived from an old accounting method of marks on
sticks or paper.

@_date: 2001-11-28 10:37:27
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Symantec pulls an NAI 
measl at mfn.org wrote :
Could you be more specific? Do you mean that this is a new trend or
simply and old trend and a new ( and very limited ) bit of daylight?

@_date: 2001-10-01 12:01:40
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
Declan's note about ADM hogs at the trough with lots of other
Just wait until some orbiting uwave controller goes bonserk and boils a
slice of America from DC to San Franciso. Oops.
How about picking some of the low-hanging fruit first?
Start with greed and waste and work your way up to the Buck Rogers
After all, if we can't get the simple shit right what hope is there that
we can handle anything that requires brains and responsibility?
Until there is a crisis nothing will be done. It will require widely
accepted evidence of a problem ( read : widespread domestic starvation )
before action will be taken and then the only parties in a position to
take that action will be those same private parties ( the dreaded vested
interests ) that you complain about.
I think that our technology is one of our greatest strengths and our
faith in that technology is one of our greatest weaknesses. We avoid
basic remedies in the hopes that techology will offer some sort of
ultimate cure that will not inconvenience us one bit and the net result
is that we raise the stakes unnecessarily.
Am I wrong or doesn't there seem to be an implicit assumption in our
*SOVSUV-mad rush to consume petroleum that technology has the solution
to a shortage just about ready to roll when the need arises? Myself, I
highly doubt it in spite of Bush's reassuring words that "there are no
limits" to what technology can accomplish.
Sorry, I don't commute to work in an F350 King Cab Dualie,
Mike ( pessimistic techie and closet Luddite )
*SOV - Single Occupancy Vehicle as opposed to HOV
SOV is not my own - thanks to DB in Madison.

@_date: 2001-10-01 12:20:18
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Lesson from WTC: Question Authority  
On 9-11 I was awake at 5:30 AM PST reading the paper and watching CNN.
Predictably I was glued to the news until past noon. When I finally made
it into work I was here about an hour or two when I was told that
someone had phoned in a bomb threat. The official advice from the PD was
essentially "you can stay in the building if you want to." I stayed just
long enough to let everyone know. The consensus was exactly this - "fuck
it, we're outta here." I couldn't think of a single reason to take a
chance even if it was most likely just some goofball over at the
insurance company who felt he should have the day off like everyone in
the WTC.
I think everyone is so used to a nice, safe, cushy existence that crises
are not recognized and urgency is seen as foolish.

@_date: 2001-10-02 10:01:12
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Brinworld: citizens with speed-radar 
An Metet  wrote :
On arterial roads this may be an interesting approach. In a residential neighborhood you're absolutlely right. Rather than
flatten everyone's tires, ID the worst offenders then give them a chance
to get it right. My dad has suggested leaving old strollers, bikes &
kids toys around the streets. Deny knowledge or ownership. In our area
the limit is 25, there are a couple of shitheads who regularly do 45.
They deserve to be beaten to within an inch of their lives, if I thought
I could get away with it...the same with the assholes who let their dogs
run around loose. Oh to live out in the country again where an
aggressive dog loose on your property could be called a threat to
sorry, I'm pining...
PS - about eartags for cows and sheeple^H^H - they only seem to mind for
a few seconds then they go right back to chewing their cud...

@_date: 2001-10-02 15:39:28
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: America needs an enema...  
Duncan Frissell  What does the concept of right and wrong have to do with it? I would say that a more relevant phrasing of the question is one that
needs to be answered on a case by case basis : is it possible to kill
that particular government?
What's in it for the aggressor? Access to rare earths, risk reduction, a
warm-water port, a Pepsi factory, supermodels? I doubt that any 3rd
party would incur the expense of killing an entire government completely
out of a sense of right unless that cost were extremely small - pocket
change, so to speak.

@_date: 2001-10-02 17:23:51
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Man arrested in burning US flag 
Don't you hate it when the issues are tangled. It would much nicer if
there were a clean and simple case of free speech but no, it has to be
impure. OTOH the police could be lying about the firecracker and the
struggle knowing that the Constitutional issue is clear ( today anyway )
and wanting to punish the unbeliever. The neighbor is a real piece of
work too. Let's all pitch in and send him a brown shirt.

@_date: 2001-10-02 17:47:02
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Photographing Dams 
Aren't there cases of persons having had their film confiscated for
photographing federal installations from public rights of way or is that
the stuff of urban/net legends? Is does sound hokey to me.

@_date: 2001-10-03 17:38:07
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Compact FLASH 
The CF is just an ATA drive. You should be able to get a utility that
will do a raw sector by sector read to a file on a hard drive. Having
done that you could probably piece together the image files. You could
share the data file with multiple parties and see who gets it first.
Here's hoping the filesystem SW in your digital camera marked the flash
blocks as slated for erasure rather than actually erasing them.
How large a CF card is it? What is your host system?

@_date: 2001-10-04 10:00:51
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: WTC Photos 
"Dr. Evil"  wrote :
Most of these things are SOCs based on standard 32-bit CPU's with
specialized peripherals for CCD, LCD, pixel processing. Often they're
using conventional RTOSes like VxWorks, pSOS, Nucleus. Most of them
include some mechanism for updating the application SW in FLASH. That's
where you might start disassembly. If the camera of interest is using an
SOC that is not proprietary you can probably get data sheets from the Si
manufacturer. They're definitely hackable. The BIG PROBLEM as with
everything else is how to find the time to do the fun stuff?
I think it would be cool to have a high quality CCD front end that could
be used as an add-on to an iPAQ. Use a microdrive for storage, store
everything in Bayer format(fast), do the post pocessing later or in the
background. An iPAQ could handle the control of a front end and you
could do whatever you want with the files.

@_date: 2001-10-04 10:09:41
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Stupid Congress Tricks: anti-terror bills target cash 
The authoritarian streak is wide and deep ain't it? Every time I hear
Bush talk about protecting freedom I feel nauseous.
Which bill?
Is this bill referring to annyone carrying cash within the borders or to
people crossing the borders?
There are already customs regulations with a $10k threshold.

@_date: 2001-10-04 12:06:37
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Islam 
Let's see, as far as the Taliban and probably other extremists are
concerned, all of Islam is in a life and death battle against
non-believers, non-Muslims, namely a bunch of atheist Americans. The U.S., OTOH, is taking great pains to emphasize that we are not at
war with Islam but rather with a relatively small group of extremists.
Somebody has the wrong picture.

@_date: 2001-10-04 12:55:30
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Islam 
Point is there is serious instability. Frankly I'm favorably surprised
at the administration's having avoided a precipitous demonstration.

@_date: 2001-10-04 14:24:54
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: RAND/Pentagon congressional advisory body to create 
Wonderful news, unless they're just rubber stamp jockeys.
"Quitcher Bitchin the CL panel says it's OK."

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:36:05
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
Steve Furlong  wrote :
I know the story. That was the Moro tribe, right? There was also a story
of a prisoner having been wrapped in a fresh pigskin and hanged.
Shortly after 911 I suggested that the US publicize video clips of its
forces dipping bullets in pig's blood and painting pigblood deathheads
on cruise missiles and preparing boxcar-sized piggery and slaughterhouse
runoff aerosol bombs. Rumors of pork-only meals in US prison camps. The
whole dying unclean thing...
It may or may not work - I don't know how serious these guys are about
their religion. Should the leaders be more worldly they might struggle
with their texts to devise a palatable philosophical out for their field
All in all it's a funny idea though.

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:42:20
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Martyrdom Videogame 
Optimizzin Al-gorithm  wrote :
Not as cowardly, eh? It would kill two birds with one stone. So to
speak. So far our domestic nutters seem more concerned with abortion
doctors and fur coats. Simply a matter of proper training I suppose.

@_date: 2001-10-05 10:18:17
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Threat Recognition Testing (fwd) 
Very interesting and worth more reading. I would guess that even if it
moves beyond the lab it will be treated like the polygraph. I wouldn't
be surprised though if it is possible to train one's brain to move from
state to state at will. Defocus your vision and visualize your training.

@_date: 2001-10-05 10:36:48
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Opening shots in the war on Steganography 
The opening shots were fired some time ago when funding was assigned to
detection research.
 - look at the
first page alphbet soup.

@_date: 2001-10-05 12:54:17
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Threat Recognition Testing (fwd) 
As long as you cannot be compelled to let the monkeys attach electrodes
to your brain.
Mike ( Neo-Luddite )

@_date: 2001-10-08 13:38:51
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Limbaugh: 'I'm Going Deaf' 
Does this mean the goofball is going to get even louder?

@_date: 2001-10-08 16:19:03
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Second man tests positive for anthrax; media building 
It is reasonable to guess that if two people have shown signs of
contamination, those two people are the ones who handled the stuff. A
receives the package/envelope, handles it while sorting, picks nose. B
opens package gets heavy dose on hands and hence keyboard, enough is
around for him to inhale it. Terrorists overestimated ease of
distribution and had some misconceptions about risk of contagiousness -
they may have thought mailing it to one guy would infect the whole
workplace. Lack of positive tests on other locations/mail : xlow
concentrations, things thrown in trash over past week.

@_date: 2001-10-08 16:30:36
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
UV is actually a very good disinfectant. It works by damaging the
DNA/RNA of bacteria and virii. There is evidence of some viruses being
re-activated by sunlight. UV coupled with a primary disinfectant like Cl
makes a pretty safe system. The 4ft GE Quartz UV bulbs are powerful. The
water should be clear - turbid water attentuates the UV too much.
In very poor places where many children die of dehydration because of
contaminated water and where there is little or no money for water
systems, aid workers have taught the kids to put water into clear
plastic drink bottles ( the kind our landfills are clogged with ) and
leave it in the sun. It works quite well.
How are RO systems at removing microorganisms?

@_date: 2001-10-09 11:23:48
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Detroit Free Press  
This shithead collective makes some very casual statements :
It's just amazing how quickly people embrace this sheiss without
questioning it. Nobody wants to think about what will make us safer,
they just leap blindly towards technology and government. It's a sort of
long lost father figure problem - save me daddy. It's a sign of how weak
our society really is. Maybe the bad guys are not so far off the mark.
I'm ashamed by the weakness of our politicians, our journalists and all
too many of my "fellow" citizens.

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:08:41
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
Eric Cordian  wrote :
Maybe this was an improvised attack made necessary after access to crop
dusters became more difficult. I hope this represents the limit of their

@_date: 2001-10-09 18:42:20
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Does he ever post anything worthwhile? 
Sure. He watches lots of stuff and occasionally a link leads somewhere
interesting but the true value is in the humor of such classics as the
grounding and shielding thread from 1 or 2 years ago. Priceless.

@_date: 2001-10-10 12:25:45
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: One-way airline tickets considered suspicious 
The point of airline security is to get the paying passengers safely
from point A to point B. The ID requirement is an UNWARRANTED invasion.
And I don't want to argue about how the BOR only applies to government
interactions not private contracts : it's the spirit of the thing
getting snuffed out that matters.

@_date: 2001-10-11 09:47:15
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: [BIOWAR] Al Qaida biological warfare factories attacked (fwd)  
Steve Furlong  wrote :
On a similar "pulling out all the stops" note, I'll betcha a nickel that
the early indicators of biological weapons use and the potential for
nuclear and chemical attacks means that the CIA gets first dibs on
prisoner interrogations with no restrictions on methods. Hard to not
approve, actually, when you consider that something like variola can
have ~30% mortality and would have likely nearly 100% infection rate.
Rules? Screw the rules.

@_date: 2001-10-11 11:17:26
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: WARNING : ( Re: Add REAL Inches To Your Package! GUARANTEED ) 
WARNING : Not only is this off-topic but it is foolish as well.
WARNING : Be careful when selecting a package size - shipping could
become a problem
UPS is recommended :
 If UPS can't handle IT, contact these guys :
Domestic :
  Export :

@_date: 2001-10-12 10:04:25
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: House update on anti-terror bills: Look out  
Declan McCullagh  wrote :
Perfectly understandable actions on the part of our "representatives"
considering that they panicked a month ago and haven't been in their
right minds since - most of them anyway. Feingold and Barr seem to be
more stable than the average bear.
The totally infuriating part is that it will take decades to undo the
damage they're doing in a few short weeks.

@_date: 2001-10-12 12:41:06
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Now I get it! 
When our "representatives" took an oath to uphold and protect the
Constitution and the Bill of Rights they thought it meant the actual
parchment. I'm sure all copies are safely stored away in guarded
bunkers. A job well done!

@_date: 2001-10-12 12:51:18
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: NPR Story Yesterday 
A writer for the Voice ( if I heard it correctly ) talked about a
computer captured in Manila that was supposedly used by Ramzi Yousef. He
said that there were documents that described hijacking planes and
flying them into prominent buildings.
This information was turned over to the FBI in 1995 or 1996.
I hope with expanded powers for surveillance and searches that they can
gather better information and shorten the analysis period.

@_date: 2001-10-12 12:51:18
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: No subject 
A writer for the Voice ( if I heard it correctly ) talked about a
computer captured in Manila that was supposedly used by Ramzi Yousef. He
said that there were documents that described hijacking planes and
flying them into prominent buildings.
This information was turned over to the FBI in 1995 or 1996.
I hope with expanded powers for surveillance and searches that they can
gather better information and shorten the analysis period.
Let's see...
THEY [TM] use ECHELON to listen to every electronic message in
the history of the world...
THEY [TM] have apparently already had advance information about
all of the UnForSeen Tragedies that have occurred lately...
THEY [TM] have failed to protect US&OR&U.S. from known threats,
known enemies, known terrorist plans, yet they are using Their
failure to do so as an excuse for needing to exercise even more
intrusion into our privacy and constitutional rights...
Next thing you know, THEY [TM] will be telling us they need to
raise taxes, because they wasted the money we already gave
them...or has this already happened? (I've been...uuhhh..away...)
CJ Parker

@_date: 2001-10-12 15:03:37
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Wired predicts use of Nukes 
There's a huge Muslim population ( nearly a billion isn't it? ) that
approves of neither the US strikes nor bin-Laden's activities or is
barely even aware of what is going on. Bin Laden & Co are trying to
convince Muslims everywhere to side with them and fight the infidels.
The US is trying to convince people we are not at war with an entire
religion. For the moment this seems to be true. So far the US has
managed to get some level of assent from the world community and
minimize the spread of unrest. Granted those nuclear weapons are
probably always accessible but why would the US use them now and
guarantee failure? It doesn't make sense. In short, why rush failure? It's already likely enough. There will be
plenty of time to use those things later if the entire situation falls
apart. That would suck beyond belief compared to the current situation
which already sucks pretty terribly in too many ways to count.

@_date: 2001-10-12 15:25:55
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FBI myopia == crypto/steganography? 
citizenq at hushmail.com wrote :
We do have a problem with our faith in technology. In all fairness though, I would bet that there are people in the Bureau
who are saying "I told you so." It's tough to compete for airtime and
budget no matter what organization you're talking about.
I assign the attacks on civil liberties to a sorry combination of panic
and opportunism. It's disgusting and shows how weak we are. If those
proposing these measures had any courage or honor or respect for their
country they would be eager to open a substantial debate both in public
and in session. Instead, they are using chaos and panic to avoid
responsibility. The brevity of the list of those who want to debate
these issues honestly is far more depressing than all of the violence of
the past month.
See the reports on the sales of anti-depressants and sleep aids.

@_date: 2001-10-15 12:16:09
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: A REALLY DIFFERENT terrorist threat view. 
I understood the part about vacuum engines, I have one at home. I love
the healing wave gizmo - what's their ticker symbol?
ROTFL!

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:04:46
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: ChefPunks 
ichudov at Algebra.Com (Igor Chudov) wrote :
I have found them to be of little use. Save some $, try a garage sale.
Apparently they're called siphons here too :
If 121C is adequate why not use the same temperature in your oven? I
doubt the absolute pressure matters.
A nitrogen atmosphere might be a good thing to reduce oxidation of inks
and paper. I doubt it would help your new Visa card though.
I use 107C in a conventional oven for ~8hours to do pork ribs. I'm
considering getting a smoker to do the last hour though.

@_date: 2001-10-17 09:12:25
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: ChefPunks 
Ken Brown  wrote :
Rinse, pre-soak over night, most beans cook in a reasonable time.
Water condensing on a cool surface may add heat quickly but many common
inks are water soluble. It is the heat that does the killing. With mail,
the problem is poorly conducting, but very thin materials. Dry roasting
ought to work. Temperature TBD, 160C+ from other info.
True, but then life is one great big microbial soup ain't it? What lives
on that leg of lamb when you throw it in the pan?
True, but you'd have to experiment with the stability of inks at high
temperatures - I was just musing that the chances of still being able to
see them would be better if oxygen were not available.
H2O2 is also a damn good bleach. Just look at Hollywood.

@_date: 2001-10-17 09:34:09
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Sen. Gregg changes his mind, won't introduce 
This sounds good.
And what about the SSSCA that is the offspring of the coupling between
Hollings and media companies? Is that still alive?
There is a phrase that I remember from some of the anit-terror
legislation that bothers me -it's the "providing expert advice" part. Is
there any that this could be used to go after those who create,
distribute and teach about privacy tools or services?

@_date: 2001-10-17 12:59:13
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Temperature Instruments 
omega has lots of temperature measurement equipment, some of it even
reasonably priced. Some DVMs can be bought with thermocouple inputs.

@_date: 2001-10-18 16:34:31
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: MWandawi art 
I fooled around with the filtering but the source data is pure crap.
It's a low quality JPEG and there are artifacts everywhere, especially
around the "towers" and the rider. Has anyone found better source
material : higher resolution, lower quantization?
BTW - there's lots more art, mostly sinister if you care to see it that
way. Look at the one in gallery 4 :
WTF is a wooden shoe ( sabot ) doing next to an Indian elephant? Also in pic 0110 there is a nice death's head in the clouds to the left
of the flying cherub thing..
I have some trouble with the interpretation of yellow as a biowar, since
it seems to be something he horse is wanting to graze on.

@_date: 2001-10-19 10:52:04
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Your papers please 
David Honig  wrote :
There is no reason not to have redundant systems - record locally and
remotely. This goes for airline black boxes and personal record

@_date: 2001-10-19 12:03:14
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: AG on spotting terrorists in our midst 
4. Someone who appears to be concealing something
   or attempting to put something over on somebody Does this mean that witholding your zipcode from the overinquisitive
sales clerk will get you on a list? Any attempts at opacity will be punished!
Sounds pretty fucking stupid, but then, what do you expect from the guy?

@_date: 2001-10-19 15:27:35
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Looking for news 
Was I hearing things or did China stop issuing visas for people from 22
middle eastern countries? Thought I heard it, can't find it.

@_date: 2001-10-19 16:41:28
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Inflation 
Greg Broiles  wrote :
Kind of like using one of those ugly red lab hot air guns to dry your
hair, eh?
Definitely an honest mistake. Unlike the numbers quoted for available doses of smallpox vaccine which
have risen steadily from 3M to 10M as time has passed. Standing in line
for vaccination - would you like yours straight up or with soda. They
prosecute people for diluting pharmaceuticals don't they? Numbers bloat not quite as outrageous as the US casualty estimates that
were part of the decision making process for whether to invade Japan or
drop Uranium on it which started out as 10K and reached 1M by the time
public statements were issued.
Bye, I have to drive 300 miles home now, or is that 3000 miles? and
there are over a gazillion cars on the road.
10^53768904523 Regards,

@_date: 2001-10-23 12:15:31
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and bounds 
Another option might be for each package to be dropped into a poly bag,
heat sealed and rinsed before being handled by staff. Our society has, for all practical purposes, endless vulnerabilities. If
as each vulnerability is exploited we plan on taking drastic steps to
secure it from future exploitation, the costs will be staggering and the
list of unsecured items will hardly diminish. The result of the current
approach is an authoritarian society with a neverending, self-justifying
security project ahead of it. Sounds like a wonderful place to live if
you're an insect.

@_date: 2001-10-23 12:33:01
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
Declan McCullagh  wrote :
I wonder what orders our raiders have in regards prisoners?
While we're debating what may or may not happen here my guess is that
the decision about what to do with captured al Quaeda or Taliban
higher-ups on the battlefield was decided long ago. The interrogators
and their bags of tricks are ready for subjects. We have to know what
they know.

@_date: 2001-10-24 09:59:33
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
"Jon Beets"  wrote :
Most likely any high-value prisoners would be transferred to
non-military actors and whisked away. The sole obligation of the
military would be to keep quiet.
Absolutely YES, if the stakes are high enough. The potential for these
guys having acquired or manufactured exotic weapons and their apparent
willingness to use them makes it a high-stakes game.
They generally seem to do a good job at staying mum in the US courts.

@_date: 2001-10-24 10:11:59
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
David Honig  wrote :
Not that it isn't a good direction to head but I wonder what your
time-scale is for the conversion of a society that cannot survive
without an influx of inexpensive resources from foreign sources into
something less colonial? It has to be decades at a minimum.
In the meantime how do we deal with the Islamic Fundamentalist nutters?
Or our own Christian Fundamentalist nutters for that matter. I don't
want to hear about good and evil, Christian vs. Muslim, True faiths vs.
ersatz faiths or right vs. wrong. The crew that did the WTC is
dangerous. Those who are sending anthrax through the mails are
dangerous. Near-term solutions are called for. I would like to see
solutions that don't involve further trashing of our civil rights but I
have no compassion for the terrorists or freedom fighters or whatever
the hell you want to call them.

@_date: 2001-10-24 10:52:42
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Market Competition for Security Measures 
You seem to have left out the fact that the single largest player in the
"market" today is the government. The security measures that are now in
place for air travel are IMHO an abuse by regulators that amounts to
using a private actor as a proxy for an illegal search : to whit names,
flight numbers and dates. Feinstein was on the news this morning talking
about using airlight flight manifests to develop databases for tracking
As far as I am concerned an airline ticket should be a bearer instrument
entitling the holder to passage. Their job is to get people from A to B.
I should be able to travel as Ben Franklin with an ID I printed myself
as long as the fare has been paid. The reasons for my travel, how and
when I paid for my ticket and the date of my return trip are irrelevant.
Had the cockpit doors been secure, the pilots able to watch CCTV of the
passenger areas, plainclothes police been aboard and the info gained
from Ramzi Yousef's PC captured in Manila been incorporated into hijack
training and protocols 911 would not have happened even if half of al
Quaeda had been flying United that day.
About the only implementation of a trust certificate that would be
acceptable is one that was issued after convincing the issuer that you
were a "good guy" and was tied to you by perhaps a biometric and a PIN
attribute but for which all connections to your identity were not
stored. IOW, "we don't know who you are but we believe the certificate
belongs to you, we trust the issuer and they trusted you so off you go
I'm sure there are protocols for proving membership without betraying
I want a choice in whether I leave a record of my travels or not. For
estate reasons I may want to escrow my travel records for the duration
of the trip. Bottom line : I want more control, more freedom, not less.

@_date: 2001-10-25 14:32:56
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Where the torture never stops..{ *** WARNING *** top-posted 
Welcome to America's "New Era." Goebels, Himmler and the rest of the team are reincarnated. Welcome back to meatspace Gentlemen, it's been far too long!
What organizations will be challenging the Constitutionality of at least
sections of the soon to be recent Gestapo Act?
Who has standing to challenge a law that has yet to be enforced?
Where are $ best placed to get results?
Don't get me wrong - I think we have to address the issues of terrorism
on multiple fronts but what I read about the USA PATRIOT stuff makes
leaving the coutry's name "USA" blatantly fraudulent. Truly nauseated,
Greg Broiles  wrote :

@_date: 2001-10-25 19:35:28
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Torture Never Stops.. 
"nobody" wrote :
cranium.reboot( COLD_START | RESET_DEFAULTS ); yerself.
Some are scared, some are angry, some are manipulators. Instead of
valuing and protecting our freedoms, talking heads spewing fear blamed
the terrorist attacks on those freedoms and proceeded, 99 out of 100,
357 out of 423, to attack what they pledged to defend when they took
office. The weakness shown by our legislators over the past weeks is
more than fertile enough ground for fascism to take root and bloom. There is no middle. The Bill of Rights is not an arcane document no
matter what guild members would have us believe. It was written for
everyone to read. I see no differentiation between citizens and
Those who wrote the Bill of Rights attempted to provide the tools for
succeeding generations to deal with exactly those problems.  Only the
abandoning of the rule of law on the part of each of the three branches
of government can explain what I see. Those who have no respect for what
were and still are good basic principles of government and justice are a
threat to everyone's safety.
In all fairness the third branch has yet to be tested on the USA PATRIOT
CRAP but I don't expect much considering their past behavior.
Somehow or other it seems that "intent of the law" is used to justify it
and the letter of the law is used to prosecute. The temporal separation
of cause and effect, like that of copulation and birth for animals,
seems to evade our collective ability to learn. Case in point : the war
on drugs. You're not critical enough of who determines what is worthy of
Bet on it. The ropers are not all good actors. I haven't watch or
listened to a single one of them that I would share a dinner table or a
camp fire with. And I'm not sure I agree that WE are providing the rope
to the ropers. It seems rather that the ropers are taking the rope while
everyone else stands by without objection, blinded by tears, anger and
You sound very sure that you have them to give up.
That sounds overly trusting of the motivations and loyalties of those
who you entrust with the power of life and death.
Assigning attributes of right and wrong is a personal matter. Fear comes
from the knowledge of risk. That is unless you are running one of those
old-time Christian plug-ins that has a default
While I agree with operating from a position of strength, after that
you've lost it.
Demonizing the enemy is a standard phase in conflict. I guess that's
what it takes to convince oneself that it is OK to rip people into
little pieces and avoid the emotions that invariably go along with that.
A simple self-administered psychoanalgesic as it were.
In the footage of Afghanistan that I've seen everyone appears to be
pretty much human. hmmm. Yes, the US does have more than a faint touch of megalomania.
Rambling crap. Somebody's been watching too much television. My vote is
for Ginger at night, Maryann in the morning and Jeannie for a nooner.
I blame weakness and opportunistic fascists-in-our-midst.

@_date: 2001-10-25 19:48:44
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Senate approves USA Act, sends to Bush, Ashcroft vows "newera" 
measl at mfn.org wrote :
Even more disturbing are phrases like -
 "Investigators focused on function, not form - they   focused on doing what was necessary to get the job   done rather than what was dictated by the organizational   chart."   { like judges }
 "The first principle is airtight surveillance of terrorists."
  { obviously since we can't a priori know who is a terrorist
    and who is not we have to watch everyone. }
 "Communications regarding terrorist offenses such as the use   of biological or chemical agents, financing acts of terrorism
  or materially supporting terrorism will be subject to   interception by law enforcement."
  { sound like domestic echelon/keywords? is simple discussion
    or browsing enough to grab the attention of the     all-seeing eye? }
 "As soon as possible, law enforcement will begin to employ   new tools that ease administrative burdens and delays in
  apprehending terrorists."
  { we all know what the main burden is }
I think an off-site backup of personal or "interesting" material is a
good idea.

@_date: 2001-10-26 11:32:22
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: obit 
Re: the death of the fourth.
Yer list is too short.
R.I.P. : I, IV, V, VI, VIII
The obit may be premature but they're certainly on their respective
deathbeds. Don't expect the docs from the Judicial branch to effect a
cure - they've administered some pretty nearly lethal doses in the past.
II? Well, it's an obvious target, to keep weapons out of the hands of
terrorists don't you know. Never mind the fact that only about 2-3% of
incoming containers are inspected at ports of entry...
Instead of fixing cabin partitions, updating training scenarios, adding
cctv and a sky marshall we get Big Brother and his database ranger
proctologist squad.
Instead of improved customs and immigration inspections we get Heinrich
Himmler and his boys in black inspecting the motherland.
Now that the formalities are out of the way I want to see what Himmler
actually does in his new found meat suit.
As far as colors on maps, any distinction between red and blue is
imaginary, the recent voting rolls show the true colors - mostly yellow,
with some red, white and black arm bands.
WU LEG
 F  CN
    KI
    ET
    DI
     O
     N
Having trouble keeping my breakfast down,

@_date: 2001-10-30 10:11:14
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Password Spy 
"Roy M. Silvernail"  wrote :
Gee, this wouldn't look suspicious hanging off your machine would it?
Why bother with HW when the guy was probably running MSWindows?
If you're running an open source OS on one of the machines under test
you should be able to add logging to the driver. Maybe log to a buffer
instead of disk and retrieve the buffer from a simple app.
Alternatively, you could probably just add a 3rd party to the setup and
use one serial port Rx to snoop each Tx ( Pins 2 & 3 ). The chances are
that one driver could drive the two receivers. Just timestamp what you
read and log it. If there is concurrent exchange you might want to use
two separate logfiles. If the parties are politely taking turns one
logfile is fine and easier to read. This requires a fairly simple
application instead of driver level work.

@_date: 2001-10-30 10:25:54
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Transperancy Spray? 
Yes, that would work nicely as the outside sheet.
I would bet that there is SOMETHING that is dissolved by liquid freon.
Just mark your letters with the stuff and look for the integrity of the
mark at the other end.
The USPS won't be checking mail this way anytime soon. If they were they
would use some sort of freon recovery system to contain costs.
Oh, well, it will soon be time to go buy $2.95 stamps to pay for UV,
E-beam, freon and zoot suits.

@_date: 2001-10-30 18:05:38
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Transperancy Spray? 
georgemw at speakeasy.net wrote :
Since there are so many ways to protect the contents of the message the
freon topic is not all that interesting. It would be mildly amusing if
there were a way to detect that freon had been used on a piece of paper.
I would guess that it could be done by either finding an "ink" that was
dissolved by freon or some other material that would sit happily in
place until lifted and dispersed.
 a fun solvents database - not too
useful here
 not really relevant but
Freon seems to be ( or have been ) used mostly for degreasing. Could you
make some sort of nondrying oil-based marker that would blur or weaken
when drenched with freon? Probably. Buy some raw artist's pigment and
mill it with a non-drying grease that is too thick to migrate
appreciably over the time period of interest when applied to paper.
Wetting with solvent would probably cause damage to a mark.
Sounds like a good explanation.

@_date: 2001-10-31 09:11:23
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: what kind of bomb? 
cpaul  wrote :
A really big one. Still conventional. Besides, a standard-sized one
might have hit a munitions or fuel bunker.
 Hell, a 10 acre tire fire in central California made a "mushroom"
shaped cloud several thousand feet high. During Vietnam there were boxcar-sized bombs used to clear an LZ in the
jungle. How many tons? I don't know but they made ~100 yard circle.

@_date: 2001-10-31 09:18:04
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FBI MAS 
Any sense in blacklisting IP ranges and refusing connections?

@_date: 2001-10-31 09:59:22
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FBI MAS 
OK. Yer an equal opportunity provider. Bandwidth costs money, yes? Ask
the botniks to register and send them automated tgz update packages
monthly, weekly, whatever. Paid protection might be cheaper than being
robbed. Do you accept anonymous donations?

@_date: 2001-09-04 10:59:08
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: speech + action 
<20010831185402.A429
Not so much backtracking as thinking out loud. Just musing on how the
letter of the law, its constitutionality, enforcement and even the
reasoning behind its creation are not always lined up so well. 18 U.S.C. 23 1 contains the seeds of the speech+action idea.

@_date: 2001-09-05 11:44:28
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
Well, I'm not totally retarded but I still don't always follow JYA that
well. I'll keep trying.
Did the OH guy have a lawyer? If so, did he follow the advice he was
given? While I would not myself send the guy to prison for his writings however
goofy or sick I may find them, a person who writes this stuff runs a
serious risk of my interpreting even the slightest action on his part as
intent and of getting himself gutted in the spot.
The thoughts color the interpretation of the actions.

@_date: 2001-09-05 12:26:32
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: speech + action 
Tim May   wrote :
I think the speech, irrelevant as it was, was used to increase the
perceived severity of the actions. Isn't this in effect being punished
for speech+action?
Really little to explain. Obviously laws cover speech + action. It's
just a question of where the boundaries are in their application. I
don't know too much about those finer points.
[CITE: 18USC371]
TITLE 18--CRIMES AND CRIMINAL PROCEDURE
PART I--CRIMES
CHAPTER 19--CONSPIRACY
Sec. 371. Conspiracy to commit offense or to defraud United States
    If two or more persons conspire either to commit any offense against the United States, or to defraud the United States, or any agency thereof in any manner or for any purpose, and one or more of such persons do any act to effect the object of the conspiracy, each shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.
Could this be applied to software development? I suppose that depends on
whether the software in design is prohibited or not. Until the DMCA is
altered or deleted there's already a class of SW that is illegal. It
doesn't seem so far-fetched that a discussion of content piracy followed
by an active coding project could be attacked. Why not a discussion of
tax evasion methods followed by a development project? And don't forget
that it's still possible to run afoul of the crypto export regulations.
Are our visionary legislators capable of outlawing new classes of
software? It's a sure bet. I'll leave it to the lawyers to argue over
how specific the speech and actions need to be.
Want to test it? Start a project with the stated goals of providing a
neat open source project with the stated purpose of cracking and
exchanging e-books and start posting code. If you were to start YAPPFSP
( yet another peer to peer file sharing project ) would you state its
purpose as "to share pirated music data?"
I'm sure there are plenty of conspiracy cases involving the more blatant
crimes like kidnapping etc...
Are there any militia cases? Like you said, try and find one. The law as
written does seem to outlaw speech. The anti-militia laws are
interesting in that the least popular are likely to suffer first from
"creative" legislation. If an approach is successful against the
unpopular then it can always be expanded to include new groups. I offer
the bomz and drug speech legislation as further attempts along the same
lines. Successful, no, not yet, but they'll keep trying.
If they are eventually successful it will cost somebody a bundle to get
it overturned. That's a market problem : it's cheaper to make bad law
than it is to unmake it.
As for the fictional Happy Fun Court's inquisitorial wet dreams, it can
go spoliate its head in a bucket.
Speculating yes, panic button, no. It can be instructive to pursue an
idea to an extreme. Ah, the dreaded wuss-ninnies. I'm not losing any sleep over the Happy
Fun Court or its cackling brigade of wuss-ninnies. I'm more concerned
that all of the cat5 wires I pulled through the smurf tubes this past
weekend are not damaged so I don't have to crawl around my fucking attic
anymore. If there's anything I dislike more than wuss-ninnies it's
blown-in fiberglass.
Question : is steganography code export restricted or is it not even
described under the current set of rules?

@_date: 2001-09-12 10:58:06
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism  
Declan McCullagh  wrote :
What they want is not what they will get. The US will be more united in
aiding Israel, bombing industrial ( and other ) targets and starting new
embargoes. Not only that, the approval of other nations will be more
easily garnered.
As dramatic as yesterday was, it was a poor move.
I still feel sad when I remember the videotapes of perfectly good B-52's
being chopped.

@_date: 2001-09-14 14:21:12
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: The Enemies List  
Has the fact that a disaster occurred changed much? The US was always
vulnerable, now the general population knows it. I'm expecting war in
the Middle East and reprisals in the States. There is not a great deal
anyone can do about it. As for the fallout of Tuesday's events, well...the heart of the crypto
issue hasn't changed one iota. Those idiots who are advocating bans and
back doors are off in the tall grass as they always have been. They are
promising safety that they cannot now or ever deliver no matter what
tools they are given. Like con artists soliciting donations that will
never make it to the people who need it they are trying to leverage a
tragedy as a means to further their own businesses, careers and power
with no regard for the outcome.
Are these advocates of the erosion of civil liberties enemies and
criminals? Sure, and they'll be fought the same way they've been fought
before - in the courts, in the press and in front of a monitor. As for
the talk of violence, I have no way, need or desire to sort the
rhetorical from the real so I won't even try.
Yesterday I was behind any action our government wanted to take, today,
after hearing calls to increase domestic surveillance capabilities and
learning that my keychain Victorinox is a felonious weapon, I'm back to
my usual pessimism. I think there are far too many clueless morons in
positions of power for the job of governing to be done well. I hope that
I'm wrong and that there are enough truly bright and dedicated people to
do a good job.

@_date: 2001-09-14 17:26:52
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Material support to terrorists "concealing or disguising?" 
Obviously AT&T is innocent since they did not know or intend and
likewise so is a remailer operator who is not privy to the schemes of
the terrorists so has no knowlege or intent.
Or does innocence depend upon the depth of one's pockets?
I doubt getting rid of remailers is so simple as the authorities that be
not liking them. There's some time and effort involved and success is
not certain. While they're at it might as well get rid of personal ads
and public bulletin boards newsgroups ad infinitum.
Our speech-restricting politicians are worthless.

@_date: 2001-09-17 14:23:01
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
An Metet  pontificated :
If you guys are going to restate old ideas at least add something to
them. I prefer the old Far Side cartoon : two men in a boat fishing, mushroom
clouds in the distance :
You know what this means?
Yeah, no more limits and screw the size restrictions.
Or somehing to that effect.
Old is new.
New is old. Conrgatulations. You have predicted what already IS. You have overlooked
the all too obvious fact that society is already grouped into tribes
complete with a host of primitive behaviors. Does it matter?

@_date: 2001-09-18 11:46:06
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
Eric Murray  wrote :
Very nice. We in the choir agree. Now how are you going to get those in congress ( who prefer to be 99.9%
fact-free ) to see it your way? You'd have better luck opening a restaurant called Porky's Kosher Pig
Hut next door to a mosque in Kabul.

@_date: 2001-09-18 14:40:20
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Hey! I've Got A Good Idea... 
Heavy Stuff. Puts to shame my GoodIdea of handing a basket of Official Major League
Baseballs to each airline passenger upon boarding. Let's see a homicidal
maniac with a toenail clipper stand up to that.

@_date: 2001-09-18 17:40:27
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
<20010918150645.A16675 <3BA7A7F0.B95441F5
  <20010918194241.B25800
Is it true that Gregg is giving up? Has someone told him that his ATM,
his browser and his garage door opener would be outlawed?
The talk of crypto regs came from more corners than just Gregg's. Why
would the interest pass so quickly? Is it because they have faith in
MSWindows, Carnivore and keyboard loggers?
It will probably surface again soon.

@_date: 2001-09-19 10:42:52
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
Hardly. The symbolic gesture of proposing legislation can serve a
political purpose but do you disagree that there are those who consider
it a desirable end? And who knows the club membership status of each

@_date: 2001-09-24 09:03:09
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: crypto in Pakistan punishable by execution 
That's a relief! You know my hearing isn't everything it used to be - I
thought they said Hackensack.

@_date: 2001-09-24 14:43:29
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: ANWR 
CDR: Re: Intercepts foretold of 'big attack' -- The Washington Times
John Young  wrote :
What Bush and cronies want to do in ANWR is entirely unrelated to
strategy - they want the right to go make money by drilling on public
lands. If it goes through in the near future watch how much the
government spends on roads and other support to get the drillers in
there and how much is payed in return by the oil companies.
Long-term energy strategy is more important than corporate greed. The
most strategic thing to do with Alaskan oil would be to leave it right
where it is. Dipping in to the reserves unnecessarily is moronic.
NB : I'm not opposed to drilling Alaskan oil - after Kuwait runs dry...

@_date: 2001-09-24 15:25:11
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: ANWR 
I read it a few days ago. I think that it will take a decade or two to
be widely accepted.
I'm betting that the standard method of management by crisis will be how
our country deals with the end of oil whether the writer is corrrect or
not about the date.

@_date: 2001-09-24 16:23:53
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: ANWR 
Jim Choate  wrote :
As usual you misunderstand me - I only approve of going into ANWR in a
case of dire need. Our society depends so heavily on fossil fuels that a
sudden removal would cause panic and starvation.
$25 is a bit extreme - lets move it up to ~$3 1 year from now to start.
Change it too quickly and you cause too much trouble for the economy.
I also think we should learn a lesson from NY - annual vehicle
registration costs are based on vehicle weight.

@_date: 2001-09-25 14:24:13
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Schneier on Stego, Dead Drops, bin Laden  
Here are some excerpts :
and this ...
Am I wrong or does this article essentially say that stego is a tool for
terrorists and that no legitimate enterprise has any use for it? The
observation that there is probably nothing that anyone can do about it
notwithstanding, this looks to me like a strong statement that stego is
not a good thing. Whether stego has a 'legitimate business' use or not is irrelevant
except as an argument for prohibiting it.
The investment in stego detection is probably substantial and due to

@_date: 2001-09-25 15:42:38
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Clueless CATO Institute Thinks Ban On Knives A Good Thing 
The ban is neither good nor bad, it's stooopid. When was the last time
anyone was killed by a nail clipper? Have you ever lost a close relative
to a keychain victorinox?

@_date: 2001-09-26 10:31:45
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Get Real 
This discussion about talking to the FBI has me ROTFLMAO. I feel like
I'm watching a John Wayne movie with its simplified moral categories of
good and evil. Why not say that cooperation is dependent upon the
situation? Exercise your judgement.
Witness to a hit and run :   "I wrote the make, model and license number down - here's a copy"
Witness to a victimless crime :
  "What? Dunno, wasn't paying attention."
Witness to a pie in the face delivery for a politician :   "It was great! The pieman? Dunno, I was too busy laughing!"
Questioned as part of some future anti-crypto fishing expedition :
  "Piss off"
Our governments and its agents are not 100% an enemy - they're just very
prone to bad behavior and require close watching and a vocal

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:14:45
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Get Real 
Tim May  wrote :
I just avoided any sort of speculation. The degree of isolation in our
high turnover little suburban
(BLECCCH!RETCCHH!!OMIGAWDHOWDIDIGETHERE?!?!?!) neighborhoods is amazing.
If you stick to the facts there's usually little to say and it takes
little time to say it. All in all I'd guess it's normally a low quality
information source and excruciatingly boring duty.
I'd bet that they know how to filter out the worst of the

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:23:43
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FAA new rules and the nEW gEStApo (was Nail clippers  
xganon  wrote :
Don't you mean carotid?
Recommended reading : Navy Seals Reference Manual NSRM123-54GXC-67453
101 Ways to Dismember Your Opponent With A Jelly Bean
snore, whistle whistle whistle
snore, whistle whistle whistle

@_date: 2001-09-27 10:58:40
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Scary Crypto 
CY's article ( the crypto portion ) :
The world is changing, new technologies sometimes have nasty
So let's embrace the illusion that governments can actually control
everything and protect us from what scares us.
In short, let's stick our collective heads in the sand and avoid
evolving because the outcome is uncertain. That makes the outcome certain and not in our favor.
Definitely not welcome in my foxhole. What a dipshit.

@_date: 2001-09-27 14:35:51
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: FIS - CP Terror  
Since when is it a crime to state an opinion?
I doubt that saying "I hate  and they deserve ! Let
 sort 'em out." would cause you any trouble except perhaps if you
talked about Special Wonderful People like politicians. Even then
there's probably little they could do about it except talk to you, try
to intimidate you by looking Really Serious and maybe put you on a
sooper-secret disrespectful snotty characters list.
There's more talk than planning or action going on here. It's more like
a mutual agreement and flaming society than a revolutionary cabal.
Excellent cover traffic for the Real Secret Work BTW ;)
All right, where should the next mock-AP database go?
Who? Deserves What? Why? How Much?

@_date: 2001-09-28 09:38:06
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: Brian West 
John Young  wrote :
I read the release. The agreement seems to embellish the facts with
suppositions that will never be tested in court. It's sad that testing
is so expensive.
Well put. We need to establish that a site operator is legally responsible for the
information security of its own and any customers' data. Until the legal
system wises up, everyone, both users and abusers, is doomed to suffer
the slings and arrows of disfunctional systems legal and digital.

@_date: 2001-09-28 13:23:45
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: See, No Worries! 
I was beginning to be concerned about all of the opportunistic sniping
against privacy but after I saw this I felt better. Now our government
is trustworthy. I'm going to sleep well tonight.

@_date: 2002-08-01 13:02:23
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Mandatory hardware 
"Major Variola \(ret\)"  wrote :
I have no doubt that they will try to screw the motherboard ( they are,
after all, motherfuckers ) but I suspect it will turn out to be more
difficult than they think to completely eradicate noncompliant devices.
That is unless the new protocols that the administration wants require
hw id fields and  authentication before packets can be carried. Now that
I think about it it could easily be like getting service to a cell phone
only more so.
Interestingly, wireless equipment could be used to make networks that
are not part of the controlled net. Then of course those can be
outlawed. It looks pretty grim.

@_date: 2002-08-02 15:12:35
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Open source Vs palladium-Social darwinism Vs Mutual aid? 
Matthew X  wrote :
Frightened words of a dying man suffering from reality overload.

@_date: 2002-08-29 18:55:45
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: The Liberty Dollar 
Steve Schear  wrote :
Hi Steve,
Did you try to follow their site?
I love the bit on the website about "make 40% blah blah blah" by buying
these colorful bad boys in volume at $6 each.
The indexing of these things to Ag is truly fucked (
 ). Apparently a $10 Liberty Dollar is
redeemable for 1oz of Ag which is today about $4.50. If silver goes over
$10 then they'll reset things to a $20 base. Er..what? I guess I didn't
study enough mathematics.
How the fuck are you going to make 40%? Especially in light of the sorry
fact that if you're dumb enough to buy these little buggers it's going
to be tougher'n'hell to find someone even more dumb to sell them to at a
Note quite as cute as e-golb.com. Speaking of which I never found out if
it was a private enterprise or a slinking leo. The fucking ISP up in
Davis never returned my calls.

@_date: 2002-08-29 18:55:45
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: The Liberty Dollar 
The value of the Liberty Dollars is determined by both their
denominations and by their "bases". For instance, a $10 LIberty bill
with a "$10 base" also printed on it could be redeemed for 1 oz. of silver.
A $10 Liberty bill with with a "$20 base" printed on it
could be redeemed for 1/2 oz. of silver.  A $20 Liberty bill with a "$20
base" printed on it could be redeemed for 1 oz. of silver.
   Now, if you bought a $10 Liberty bill with "base 10" on it and NORFED
then started using a $20 base - no problem - your $10
Liberty bill could still be redeemed for the 1 oz. of silver that you were
entitled to at the time you bought the bill. You are not left
"holding the bag".
   As explained in the NORFED text below, if you are a redemption center,
then you can get a price break by buying in volume. This
increases your profit. As far as your customers who buy Liberty Dollars from
you - officially you charge a set premium on these dollars
to customers, but I bet you don't have to. I think that you would be allowed
to give a price break to customers. This would cut your profits
but that might not bother you too much and maybe you are an ideologue. This
would also allow the Liberty Dollar "end buyers" to take a
minimum loss. If done well, all the Liberty Dollar buyers would take, at
most,  a small hit on the store of value function.
   Also, there  are other values of honest, non-fiat money.  For instance,
the Liberty Dollar is inflation RESISTANT.  That would protect us
in inflationary times.  We are so used to inflation that we think it goes on
indefintely. However, it looks to me like we are headed for a deflationary
depression. I think that in that case the Liberty Dollar would  almost
certainly  lose value against the $US, but
I think it  would give good general protection against deflation too. The
TRANSACTION function: I think this is where much of its
potential lies and this needs a lot of experimenting. GENERATION: The
Liberty Dollar is partially backed by silver and, therefore,
is NOT DEBT CREATED!  This is a very major value! Debt generated money dooms
Here are the financial incentives for becoming a redemption center:
    -------------
Yours truly,
Gary Jeffers
BEAT STATE!!!!
oh, also all the other oppressors too.

@_date: 2002-08-30 14:17:13
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Thwarting LE library fishing expeditions 
Steve Schear  wrote :
Looks like they can do any damn thing they please up to and including
killing you and be praised for it.
Somewhere underneath the pseudopatriotic chanting and totalitarian
terrorism there lies what's left of America. May it rest in peace.
I think maybe the better approach would be to ensure that the
information they might be looking for is never created.
Various anonymity systems for book checkout and collateral might be
Probably the best approach would be to digitize books and let them
circulate on CD via sneakernet. Then you get into the handy dandy little
ID code that each CD writer contains and writes to each CD. Anyone know
how to defeat that? I think a random # option would be nice. Books
without images should compress very nicely as text files.
I think everybody should have a copy of every book. There is safety in

@_date: 2002-01-02 08:55:18
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Scarfo Phase 2 
John Young  wrote :
Phase   I : Prototype development
            Field Test
            Establish Legal Precedent
Phase  II : Mass deployment as a standard tool
Phase III : Legislative inclusion in consumer systems
Or something along those lines.

@_date: 2002-01-03 10:56:58
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Decent Orwell Article. 
An interesting read in which the author delves into some details of
Orwell's life and possible origins and targets of his satire. Includes
some neat stuff regarding the dates 1984 and 2000. Time to go read Iron
Heel by Jack London.

@_date: 2002-01-03 11:36:45
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CP flix 
anonymous wrote :
Brazil : there's now a nice 3-disc set available that includes the full
142 min. version, a bunch of commentary and extras plus the sweetened 90
min. version shown on 'murrican TV. Brazil is CP in the sense that the hunger of the state and marketeers
for database filler and the resultant dangers and fuckups is relevant to
privacy, information and rights issues that once were part of the the
discussion. Now it's mostly mattd and tripple-x critter sex. Not that
I'm implying any direct connection.
mattd - there's way too much of it but it's not totally devoid of
substance. The uncredited posting of someone else's work, well, that's a
big problem unless it isn't someone else's work.

@_date: 2002-01-03 17:01:16
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
Anonymous wrote :
My favorite is the lottery : can't gamble in your own home but they can
run a statewide casino - how are they different from the mafia?
I think there is other wierdness that goes along with the USPS :
something about price minimums for certain types of mail carried by the
likes of FedEx and UPS. Protective pricing structures.
I grew up a in a fairly rural area. We all put up our own mailboxes on
posts. Every winter the damn plow knocked them over. Some went for brute
force, heavy pipe set in concrete, others for more elegant angled
pivoting supports. IIRC when you put up a mailbox ( paid for with your
own $ ) it becomes property of the USPS. What about the old-fashioned mail slot on the front door? Illegal to
possess now?
Why don't the trailer park folk do the following :
Update everyone's mail boxes. There will be two slots in the lid :
one labelled "US Mail" the other labelled "Private Mail"
label the bucket "Private Property - No Trespassing"
Let the law come down hard on anyone who puts mail through the US Mail
slot without postage.
The whole thing sounds truly stupid and about par for the course.

@_date: 2002-01-07 12:42:54
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Cpunks Lauded 
georgemw at speakeasy.net wrote :
I think "might have been" and "might be" are close enough for government
Have we reached the point where a local fibbie can state "uses
encryption" as probable cause or whatever deficient standard they use
these days before inserting a tap?

@_date: 2002-01-08 09:51:09
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Eric Cordian  wrote :
There may be a way to derive & patch together pseudorandom sequence
generators, who knows. If there is anything real about this I wonder how
long it takes to compress large blocks of arbitrary input data?
Geological time scales anyone?

@_date: 2002-01-08 10:06:04
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Prisoner on line discussion (fwd) 
Never saw it. I'm still waiting for the complete Maxwell Smart on DVD.

@_date: 2002-01-08 14:27:47
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
georgemw at speakeasy.net wrote :
So what is compression/decompression? Isn't it just finding
corresponding sets using defined procedures, one set being "smaller"
than the other? Which types of procedures are allowed and which are not?
What exactly is random data? Does it have to appear to be random? Does
it have to pass some set of statistical tests to be random? If a string
or bits from a radiation source spells "Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year" in ASCII is it non-random - a message from above? If a string of
bits from a natural source ( decay etc ) matches a string of bits from
some PRNG is it somehow disqualified as truly random data? I think the classification random does not rule out the presence of
local patterns however obscure. If a substring of data happens to match
what is generated by some PRNG then that substring can be "compressed"
to {generator, seed, count}. The geological timescale might be involved
in matching generator outputs to input data sections or deriving
generators for subsections of data.
So, bottom line, my point, while not necessarily practical, was entirely
missed by you even as you summarized it :-)
Here we go :
"As Eric correctly points out, true random input simply cannot be
compressed, it doesn't matter how clever you are or how much time and
computing power you have access to."
This is a statement of belief isn't it? Odd.

@_date: 2002-01-09 10:24:24
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Ken Brown  wrote :
Perhaps my universe is off in all six degrees but answer this - which is
it : random data cannot be compressed random data may include recognizable and even repeating patterns A string of random data may include anything. Compressibility will vary
with the particular data and the algorithm used. Lucky with one input
set, unlucky with another. I wouldn't try to base a business on getting
lucky with the customer's input data but the absolute statement of
incompressibility is wrong unless you preselect your data sets. Then
they're no longer random and the definition of random becomes circular.

@_date: 2002-01-09 10:57:08
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: More product announcements at SnakeOilCon, Las Vegas 
This OTP thing resurfaces roughly once per year without fail doesn't it?

@_date: 2002-01-10 11:19:46
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: AU Anti-biker Laws 
The thing that caught my eye in the article submitted by spewing nemesis
mattd was that in addition to guilt by association, they are using
anti-fortification laws to crack down on bikers. I vaguely remember a door-strengthening prohibition somewhere in Europe
being mentioned here in the past.
Searching for 'fortification law' turns up interesting things. In the US
the hits are  nutritional, wine, historical and military science items. This gem is from Canada :
I especially like the prohibition against observation towers.
Apparently that state has determined that its people will live in
perforable shacks in order to keep them physically vulnerable should the
need for the state to whack them arise.
This is a concept that will probably catch on here in the US. What good
is a stealth warrant if you can't get in without a cutting torch or
dynamic entry if it bounces off and just makes noise? Every
well-choreographed play requires a carefully planned setting.

@_date: 2002-01-11 13:29:38
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Olympic Jewells: Utah = UK 
georgemw at speakeasy.net wrote :
A happy accident. Overlooked by all but the most sensitive, alert types.
Sure : High Profile == High Target Value, exponentially expensive
Oh, I've been to Lake Placid a few times, watched some ski jumpers,
skaters etc. Practice is OK since there's no official bullshit going on.
Ice^H^H^HWhiteface is OK. Pretty darn long run.
I can't remember the last time I had even a remote interest in the
Olympics. Too hyped. Too commercial. If this is some kind of unifying
event that belongs to the whole world why can't all the stations
televise it? Why can't anyone webcast it? Screw Olympics, Inc. If anyone
starts up the Olympics again let me know.
PBS - The Greeks : Crucible of Civilization
ME  - The Geeks  : Cubicle  of Civilization
BTW - I'm convinced about the random data stuff.

@_date: 2002-01-14 10:43:36
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Drugs Squad Fumes As Bookshop Shields Reader 
Won't it be wonderful if the Court rules in favor of the 1st?
OTOH, why trust in a corruptible legal system? Use cash and don't leave the ID information at the goddam bookstore in
the first place. If you're going to keep the book and you can't deduct
it, peel stickers, destroy receipts. Duh!
It is time for books to be published on CD. Using open-source tools and
good encryption, then the fascists can't even tell what you read. Unless
your OS is corrupted.
Which brings me to the "Digital Church" e-mail. That has been suggested
before. Doesn't seem very useful. I think some more useful things to do
are :
 Hack CD burners to add a SetBurnerIDCode command.
 Gather, duplicate and distribute widely state, federal
 and unpopular information that is quickly disappearing.
It's like F451 - private archives are the only way to save proscribed
information. We're just about four months into the latest excuse the
trash civil liberties and they're now telling us it could last for six
years. Extrapolation looks nasty.

@_date: 2002-01-15 09:49:43
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: The vital private archive  
"F. Marc de Piolenc"  wrote :
Both responses are required.
I mean something more along the lines of encrypting each of your
electronic books and burning it to a CD. Nobody should be able to tell
by looking what you read, nobody should be able to compromise someone
else's library. Then the issue of reading habits become null. All tools
should be open source. Essentially they already exist - just need a
little packaging.
Each data set written to a CDR contains a mfg id code and a unit serial
number. This is stored in FLASH or ROM somewhere and the firmware simply
includes this info when writing - probably in some header somewhere. I
don't remember, it's been ten years since I looked at CD formats. I
don't know exactly how much work this would be but I would guess that it
is very feasible. Simply put it might be nice to have a raw read/write
It's a huge problem, literally. There are bazillions of MB of data out
there in the form of maps, R&D reports and other stuff. Shrub and his
corpfasc entourage are going to delete it from the public space over the
next few years.

@_date: 2002-01-15 11:26:29
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: CD Burner Link 
Take a look at :
Seems like there are quite a few products that are built this way. Maybe
people have come to expect expect bugs in released SW and are willing to
take the price hit for FLASH. In any event I think it's something that
can be done and has value for the privacy aware. Actually getting it
done is an entirely separate issue. As is the issue of the effort
required to support mutliple brands and models. Damn it.

@_date: 2002-07-03 09:50:45
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
Anonymous  IIRC many of the wealthy were quick enough to ship huge amounts of gold
to Europe. That is one reason I have heard given that the St Gauden's
$20 gold pices of that era are possibly poor investments - there is a
reservoir of them overseas.

@_date: 2002-07-03 10:14:15
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Hayek was right. Twice. 
"Marcel Popescu"  wrote :
The why is easy - for some reason you think that strutting around in
this barnyard is going to get you more chicas.

@_date: 2002-07-03 11:42:33
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
Tim May  wrote :
The opinion I am repeating ( not mine, but seems plausible ) is that the
supply of numismatic quality St. Gauden's may be such that the current
premiums are not justified.
The premium over the bullion value is a very large component of the
I've tried to learn a bit about coin collecting but I find myself
hesitant to plunge right into it. It's just like any other "investment",
subject to bubbles, busts and shady operators. I don't know enough to
feel comfortable with it.
Having watched bullion prices for a while it appears to have two major
factors : a bet on fear ( peaked during the India/Pakistan prick wagging
contest ) and against a strong dollar. Yet another trading option.

@_date: 2002-07-11 09:46:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Tax 
More like tax any income derived from those assets.

@_date: 2002-07-16 12:39:30
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: 385-3 vote: House OKs life sentences for hackers 
"Elyn Wollensky"   wrote :
Explain to me how someone who puts porno on a USAF website is any worse
than someone who spraypaints a bridge abutment? Isn't community service
a typical outcome of the latter getting caught?
Explain to me how a computer hacker is more dangerous than a drunk
driver on the freeway? A hacker who interrupts power could be said to
put hundreds or thousands of lives at risk but so could a drunk driver
who spends an hour on the freeway. One is parallel the other is more or
less serial, so what?
I guess rationality has little to do with what we're seeing : enabling
technologies scare totalitarians.

@_date: 2002-07-18 10:11:39
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: We don't need no stinking keys... 
if you'll just leave your back door ajar. I could suggest some alternate
meanings for "empowered". Sorry for the imagery. Tools of empowerment
Clarke said the recommendations -- which currently number 77 but could
change before the official announcement -- will include
government-provided software and other tools to make them easier to
implement. He declined to say what the specific recommendations are. "It's designed to not just say (they) have a responsibility, but to
empower them by giving them the tools," Clarke said.

@_date: 2002-07-19 09:14:59
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: How much will they claim CSS is worth? 
Declan McCullagh  wrote :
I'm not sure I get the connection. It sounds like the guy stole
documentation from his employer. No sympathy from me. Tell me if I'm
wrong but DeCSS was the result of a reverse engineering effort on
materials publicly available.

@_date: 2002-07-31 16:53:00
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Pizza with a credit card 
Quite clearly cash has got to go! I'm not sure how tough this would be
to sneak past the slumbering electorate. Pretty tough I expect. But the
usage level is certainly going down while the percentage of electronic
transactions is skyrocketing. We've even had concresscritters suggesting
that the transport of $10K !interstate! should be illegal. I think this
came up when the most recent international transport rule changes were
made. It's getting more wierd every week now. An adjustment in the other
direction will come along soon - I hope but doubt.

@_date: 2002-06-13 09:33:33
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Artist's rights? 
Beyond absurd. A piece of art is like any other piece of property.

@_date: 2002-06-14 13:12:36
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Theft Attempt or LEO Sting? 
Look at the two sites :
 - BTW the registrant's info is phony, Docent doesn't know her, carder.com
user search fails, may she get boiled alive someday
I never opened an e-gold account. I wonder where the fuckers got my
e-mail address - here or because I check markets on kitco?
e-mail excerpt :         Reply-To:                  ""             From:                  "" This automatic email sent to: mmotyka at lsil.com
Do not reply to this email.

@_date: 2002-06-14 13:56:23
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Theft Attempt or LEO Sting? 
All except for "home" and "login" - the "key" ones, so to speak.
Well, I'll continue to invest/spend e-gold at my old rate of 0;

@_date: 2003-01-14 14:48:29
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Indo European Origins (language mutability, efficiency) 
"Major Variola (ret)"  wrote :
I guess bifurcation points and speciation seem very clear because of the aliasing problems in our sampling methods. The speciation exists but is prolly ( probably ) often fuzzier than we think. Almost everyone would say that an American Bison and a Scot's Highland are two different species but they can hybridize. Maybe we non-Biologists measure the distance between "species" inaccurately.
Choose your measure : population? power? innovation? environmental impact? rate of The US seems more vital by some measures. Less so by others. More dangerous to the species by others.  That is interesting.
Is the evolution towards a more efficient language an active or passive process? Is it driven by an internal inclination towards expansion, freeing up system resources as it were, or is it a coping mechanism for sensory overload?

@_date: 2003-01-14 14:49:08
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Indo European Origins 
References: <3E23E83E.12150.35DE2E
Harmon Seaver  wrote :
I read a few Burgess novels as a teenager - A Clockwork Orange, The Eve of St. Venus, One Hand Clapping, The Wanting Seed and I don't remember them that way. I remember them reading smoothly and clearly without a great struggle. Probably time to revisit one or two just to double-check my old brain.
I know the experience -  in the southern US, in Scotland - it's all English. Really? People are probably creating language constantly like a software evolutionary experiment. Much of it probably dies out. What remains appears to be "speciation". Write much Forth lately?

@_date: 2003-01-27 12:15:03
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Secure voice app: FEATURE REQUEST: RECORD IPs 
Harmon Seaver That's about what I've seen.
There's probably an X10 module that would let your Linux box cycle the power on your modem/router/switch. try $50 : If you're not using a domain name then your script could publish your IP address on your home page ( in the clear or not as you choose ).

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: mmotyka at lsil.com 
@_subject: No subject 
Yeah, but they're open to a "database attack" - collect all of them with
their replies. I don't think you can randomly generate riddles from a
theoretically huge space (comparable to generating one random number from a
128-bit space).
