
@_date: 1996-08-16 11:22:30
@_author: DAVID A MOLNAR 
@_subject: Burden of proof 
money from your employer? Maybe you could convince them you were unable to pay, but that would require squirreling away(and refraining from using) all your assets.

@_date: 1996-08-18 10:20:11
@_author: DAVID A MOLNAR 
@_subject: US Taxes on X-Pats 
the credit altogether. It's slightly misleading to call it "tax free", though; the way I understand it, it's not included in the IRS's estimation of your assets, but may play a factor in determining the final amount of $$$ you end up paying. Very rarely does it translate directly into a $70,000 break on your taxes, although it does help. At least that's the way it has been represented to me (albeit by an expatriate chapter of the American Businessmen's Association). There are no doubt rules and exceptions to what manner of income may be exempted, as well. preferable if the requirement to pay taxes at all were eliminated, but that would be asking too much of today's deficit-hungry, anti-"corporate welfare" environment...
Not that it affects me anymore one way or the other, except insofar as it hinders the desireability of U.S. workers abroad. One wonders that whether the spread of such potential tax-avoidance schemes as ecash/data-havens may, er, restore U.S. competitiveness in a novel way. :-) -David Molnar

@_date: 1996-09-03 09:47:26
@_author: DAVID A MOLNAR 
@_subject: Question re: MD5/other key-crunching methods 
On the plane back home, I had the pleasure of being treated to a screening of "Sgt. Bilko". Not a bad movie overall, but had a nice throwaway crypto line. It got me to thinking, though...
Is it possible to make generalizations about the MD5 hashes of classes of input values? That is, can one say that "no input values of length greater than 512 bits will..." or 'all input values starting with the value 3 have a tendency to..." with any degree of probability? I know hash functions strive to evenly distribute values over their range, but I wonder if it might sometimes be possible to predict the hash of a value without computing it.
Why? Well, it's mainly in regards to the way MD5 and other hash functions are used in mapping pass phrases to actual key values for a cipher.
Suppose I have a situation in which I feel comfortable in making
certain generalizations about the passphrase. Perhaps it's all lowercase, perhaps all alphanumeric, has five hyphens, whatever. Information which may allow one to restrict the passphrase to a certain range.
In a system where the passphrase is the encryption key, that range of key values can be doled out and searched sequentially. Since they are likely to be one or several contiguous blocks, one may simply distribute the task of searching each one to willing machines everywhere. The efforts with respect to RC4-40 in the previous year prove that much. If I can rule out even 10% of all possible keyvalues, I've saved a good deal of What if one is dealing with a passphrase key-crunched w/MD5, though? The obvious way to go about it is to compute the MD5 hash for each and every value in the given range, then test that set of keys. This is an extra step, and adds a measure of extra time to the whole operation. Sure, one may abstract it away by claiming it's trivial compared to the problem of searching an exponetially large keyspace, but that seems something of a cop-out. Perhaps it's a silly question, but is it possible to identify a set of hashes which correspond to a set of domain values w/o performing the hash itself? I'm aware that it's not possible to reverse a one-way hash like MD5 (wish we could...what a compression ratio!), and I know "good" hash functions strive for properties which would make this exceedingly difficult. However, has anyone looked at the question? Is it worth considering? -David Molnar

@_date: 1996-09-03 13:50:57
@_author: DAVID A MOLNAR 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
convincing all others they do not exist. After all, if behaviour is the only standard by which to determine age, one only exists as a "youth" when one exhibits the negative qualities of childhood. This is then used as an excuse to segregate, control, censor, and reject one's input on the grounds of age. The offense is not being a youth. The offense is getting caught. Clueless remarks (as the above), are a form of "getting caught". Personally, I wouldn't be surprised to see "the youth of America" emerge as one of the biggest users of nymservers and anon remailers. With the push toward hard identities we're likely to see, I think more and more "youth" will come to realize how limiting the stigma of 'child' or 'teenager' can be, and will work to trandescend it. Besides, there's always the need to hide from parents. An entire generation of people disappearing into the woodwork, so to speak(*). Expect to see a lot of ranting about how the Internet is "stealing away childhood" when people finally catch on to what's happening. You could say that the current child porn hysteria is just the opening shot. I wonder what kinds of laws we will see. Perhaps it will become illegal to operate a computer without a license. :-)
-David Molnar
* Yes, yes, "an entire generation" is overreaching future-speak. It ignores the millions of people who can't or won't have access to the Net, it assumes everyone will want freedom (after all, people stay in AOL's monitored chat rooms and speak Beavis and Butthead to each other all day long), it assumes enough things to make it a piece of empty rhetoric. However, it's a nice-sounding piece of empty rhetoric.

@_date: 1996-09-09 19:10:00
@_author: DAVID A MOLNAR 
@_subject: Conservation Laws, Money, Engines, and Ontology 
imagine a "virtuous society" in which e-cash is based on reputation. In order to obtain v$, one must submit to a "reputation asessment" by one of several firms, which then issue a given amount of v-cash based on their findings. An ISP simply requires an arbitrary amount of v-cash along with the usual $$ every month. At the end of the month, your friendly Moral Monitor greps thru Usenet and all the mailing lists he monitors looking for your name, then adjusts your account accordingly. Different moral codes would have different agencies. :-)
For this service, of course, you pay a modest fee. But it's a small price to pay for spiritual peace of mind. Perhaps we'd see the rise of reputation constultants in such a system. How about people with such large "fortunes" that they create wealth simply by being associated with someone else? Don't forget the block meetings. :-> -David Molnar
Phil Dick is dead, alas...

@_date: 1996-09-09 19:29:39
@_author: DAVID A MOLNAR 
@_subject: Distributed data haven monetary supply? 
one has to cover the issue of cost. After all, it takes some expenditure of resources to store data, which can translate to actual $$ (or riyals or dinar or kroner or whatever). So far that I've seen, the problem of delivering that payment has been put down to "e-cash payment" of some kind (hopefully untraceable), or creative wire transfer. In both cases, we end up needing to implement e-cash on a wide-scale basis, or completely reforming the way banks work in most countries. After all that trouble, then, our value is still stored in terms of a real currency.
What if a node in a data haven could issue its own certificates/money for goods/services? The idea seems similar to me to the "TrustBucks" discussed recently on the list. A node's operator issues credits to others in exchange for money, favors, or space on their own machines. However, if every node issues its own currency, but only to those it trusts, we have the same problem as w/PGP...there is no guarantee that data may flow freely from node to node, which invites weakness. It's also an open invitation to inflation, as each operator may mint many billions of $ w/o immediate consequences (perhaps combined w/spam in a misguided publicity attempt?)
Question : would it be preferable for a group of nodes to issue e-cash? I'm thinking in terms of a system where the bank's secret key is split between the participating nodes (or a certain voting subset), with a certain threshold needed to mint new currency. If there are several such constallations (and methods of exchanging currency between them), it multiplies the number of points one must subvert in order to manipulate the system. Perhaps groupings might agree to share stored data freely between nodes in the interests of security. several different "economies" to choose from, each of which has different policies. Once a data haven begins to devrive actual _income_ or benefit from these transactions, its attitude toward economic policy may affect its ability to secure and retreive data on command. A rich haven, for instance, may be able to afford better bandwidth between nodes, or funding for research into distributed computing. In contrast, a "poor" haven may suffer from outdated equipment, hardware failures, and possibly intermittent loss of data.
particularly pronounced so long as a data haven is largely a volunteer effort. If a haven were to evolve into a socially stronger entity, with clearly defined "rights" and "responsibilities" for nodes, then its policies would have greater effect. I do not see a guarantee that such a structure would be anarchic in nature, even though the technology itself is amenable. Y'know, a group currency could prove to be a powerful tool to assert dominance/influence over a single node, much as we may speak about "dollar zones" or "yen blocs" in the real world.
Gridlock might also be a problem...what if the system is set up to demand unanimous consent, but one of the nodes just died? How does one cast out a node or add a new one without collecting the bank's key in one place? What's to stop me from adding myself as a node under 15 assumed names? My concern is that these fears might engender the kind of 3l33t mindset sometimes seen on really lame wAR3z BBSs : a small power group, intense distrust of outsiders, almost cultish fac,ade of devotion to said small power group, et. al. None of which is helpful.
Comments? Is it a good idea, or will it lead to ever-more confusion?
Sorry if this is a bit long, repetitive of other things previously discussed to death elsewhere, or rambling. :-)
-David Molnar

@_date: 1996-09-10 18:43:28
@_author: DAVID A MOLNAR 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
business may not refuse cash for a debt already incurred, but may refuse to allow you to incur said debt. That is, while cash is legal tender, a business may still refuse it, on the principle that they may not be compelled to provide service to any person or class of persons. In this case, class of persons == those w/cash. So, no, if you already had a contract or obligation, they may not refuse payment in cash. They may try. However, walking up to a store counter or a FedEx depot is a different matter. One only has to wonder about restaurants which want to refuse cash...do you pay before eating, then? Ask for proof of credit before opening service? So far as I think...
-David Molnar
