
@_date: 2001-11-30 13:21:38
@_author: Milissa Montalbano 
@_subject: Theft 
I'm in search for one of your representatives, or National Security.  I have been able to read Thommy Thompson III's mind.  I showed up at Jaguar Glass, in Eugene, Oregon and let him know about the money that he stole from government agencies, including the FBI, which ironically protects him.  He thought I was undercover or believed I was a human computer; which he still may believe. He witnesses that his computers talk to me, as if I were one of them.  I can tell what program his computers are on and what they are interlocking with most of the time.  He gave me a 400 million dollar check that day, as I sat there reading his mind explaining to him what I knew.  At that point he had 8-10 billion dollars of government money/funding hidden away.  But after the planes went down he stole over a 100 billion. He used Mike's pin#  and password to get into National Security.  He helped himself into instruments and institutions, and began using them incorrectly and illegally. I am offering National Security or any Representative a lot of my money to help me put this man away.  It seems he is being protected by the forces I need.  He is station  of the HAARP Project and I'm in search for anyone ready to earn a lot of money; for actually representing the United States of America the Right Way.
He's been looking into the minds of his people and brainwashing them, so he will not be seen.  I can read his mind faster than any instrument, and ironically he seems he has to answer my questions like I was a machine. When I listen, I can hear him telling people he's playing God and to digest this information; or to Change their mind. Another one he uses, line one--, line two--, line three--, Lock and Load, which also seems to convince people that he is innocent.  He changes the information nightly so he won't be seen, for he is a computer programmer as you will soon see.  I've even tried try to get the HAARP to tune into me, so they could see me which would see him. This is just the beginning of what I know.  Eugene, Oregon's FBI seem to be full of idiots or his "Change Your mind Method" is working pretty damn good.  Right now I get denied as they listen to him and not me. But COME ON PEOPLE, He wrote me a $400 Million dollar check. (SO, WAKE UP!  FBI, because you are obviously, virtually blind),. This Nation seems to be lacking people like me.  That can discover people like Thommy Thompson III and his black market industry. Thank you,
Milissa Montalbano ( 28 years Old )
2145 Klamath St.
Roseburg, Oregon 97470
Montalbano_Milissa at Hotmail.com
