
@_date: 2001-08-07 08:37:05
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: [IRR] Using the Fluhrer, Mantin, and Shamir Attack to Break WEP 
Using the Fluhrer, Mantin, and Shamir Attack to Break WEP
AT&T Labs Technical Report TD-4ZCPZZ
Adam Stubblefield
John Ioannidis
Aviel D. Rubin
We implemented an attack against WEP, the link-layer security
protocol for 802.11 networks. The attack was described in a recent
paper by Fluhrer, Mantin, and Shamir. With our implementation, and
permission of the network administrator, we were able to recover the
secret key used in a production network, with a passive attack. The
WEP standard uses RC4 IVs improperly, and the attack exploits this
design failure. This paper describes the attack, how we implemented
it, and some optimizations to make the attack more efficient. We
conclude that 802.11 WEP is totally insecure, and we provide some
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-07-18 03:52:57
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Surveillance targeted to convention / Wide network of cameras 
Surveillance targeted to convention
Wide network of cameras planned
By Ralph Ranalli and Rick Klein, Globe Staff  |  July 18, 2004
An unprecedented number of video cameras will be trained on Boston
during the Democratic National Convention, with Boston police
installing some 30 cameras near the FleetCenter, the Coast Guard
using infrared devices and night-vision cameras in the harbor, and
dozens of pieces of surveillance equipment mounted on downtown
buildings to monitor crowds for terrorists, unruly demonstrators, and
ordinary street crime.
For the first time, 75 high-tech video cameras operated by the
federal government will be linked into a surveillance network to
monitor the Central Artery, City Hall Plaza, the FleetCenter, and
other sensitive sites. Their feeds from cameras mounted on various
downtown buildings will be piped to monitoring stations in the Boston
area and in Washington, D.C., and officials will be able to zoom in
from their work stations to gather details of facial descriptions or
read license plates.
With Boston Harbor just a few steps from the arena, the Coast Guard
will be using its new ''hawkeye system" -- in place in one other port
in the nation -- to watch area waterways. The network of infrared
imaging, radar, and cameras that operate in both day and night
conditions will give security officials a real-time picture of the
harbor, and provide agencies an early warning if an unexpected ship
enters area waters.
An unspecified number of State Police cameras are also being
installed, and more than 100 previously existing MBTA cameras will
be used to monitor area subway and bus stations. Law enforcement
officials will have as-needed access to as many as 900 cameras that
have been operated for months or years by the Massachusetts Port
Authority, the state Highway Department, and the Big Dig.
Civil libertarians warn that the latest technology will be used to
scare away protesters and others exercising their rights under the
First Amendment. The critics complain that there are few state and
federal laws regulating the use of video surveillance in public
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-07-15 12:35:27
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Technorati: A New Public Utility 
Technorati: A New Public Utility
By Adam L. Penenberg
02:00 AM Jul. 14, 2005 PT
  When former Federal Communications Commission chairman Michael K.
Powell watched television coverage of the London bombings last week,
he noticed that most of the significant pictures didn't originate
from professional photographers employed by news agencies. They came
from witnesses at the scene using cell phones and digital cameras to
document the tragedy.
  "Journalists are trained not to be emotional, like a doctor doesn't
fall in love with his patients," Powell said. "But people
experiencing a tragedy can convey what actually happened while at the
same time express deep emotion and engage in spirited storytelling. A
photo of someone climbing up through train wreckage is extremely
powerful. A reporter rolling up to the scene behind a police line can
rarely give you that."
  Before, blogging was largely fixated on the failure of mainstream
media. Now it has become a necessary supplement, and in some cases, a
substitute. But Powell takes this a step further. To him, London
showed that blogging has morphed into the art of raw, personalized
  "You really felt as if you were there," Powell said of the blog
posts and Flickr photos he surveyed, "as opposed to watching CNN or
reading MSNBC.com, which are fine for the facts but stale and a bit
  Powell was far from the only one who turned to the blogosphere for
perspectives on the London terror attacks. David Sifry, founder of
Technorati, a real-time search engine for blog content, reports that
traffic to the site in the hours after the attacks was so heavy that
its servers had trouble handling the load, causing performance
  The number of posts on blogs tracked by Technorati increased 30
percent, from about 850,000 a day in July to 1.2 million on the day
of the attacks. Nine of the 10 most popular search requests involved
the unfolding tragedy in London.
  If you think about it, Technorati has become a public utility on a
global scale.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-07-17 04:33:17
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: A Pass on Privacy? 
A Pass on Privacy?
By CHRISTOPHER CALDWELL
July 17, 2005
Anyone making long drives this summer will notice a new dimension to
contemporary inequality: a widening gap between the users of
automatic toll-paying devices and those who pay cash. The E-ZPass
system, as it is called on the East Coast, seemed like idle gadgetry
when it was introduced a decade ago. Drivers who acquired the passes
had to nose their way across traffic to reach specially equipped
tollbooths -- and slow to a crawl while the machinery worked its
magic. But now the sensors are sophisticated enough for you to whiz
past them. As more lanes are dedicated to E-ZPass, lines lengthen for
the saps paying cash.
E-ZPass is one of many innovations that give you the option of
trading a bit of privacy for a load of convenience. You can get deep
discounts by ordering your books from Amazon.com or joining a
supermarket ''club.'' In return, you surrender information about your
purchasing habits. Some people see a bait-and-switch here. Over time,
the data you are required to hand over become more and more personal,
and such handovers cease to be optional. Neato data gathering is
making society less free and less human. The people who issue such
warnings -- whether you call them paranoids or libertarians -- are
among those you see stuck in the rippling heat, 73 cars away from the
''Cash Only'' sign at the Tappan Zee Bridge.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-06-18 12:11:34
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Cell Phones Now Playing Role of Wallet 
Cell Phones Now Playing Role of Wallet
      - Jun 17, 2005 11:10 PM (AP Online)
By BRUCE MEYERSON AP Business Writer
NEW YORK (AP) -- Already a device of multiple disguises, from camera
to music player and mini-TV, the cell phone's next trick may be the
disappearing wallet.
After all, since more than a quarter of the people on the planet
already carry around cell phones, and hundreds of millions are
joining them every year, why should they bring along credit and debit
cards when a mobile device can make payments just as well?
At the simplest level, all that's needed is to embed phones with a
short-range radio chip to beam credit card information to a terminal
at a store register. It's not unlike the wireless system used to pay
tolls on many highways or the SpeedPass keychain wand used to buy gas
at Exxon Mobile Corp. pumps.
This is already a reality in Japan, where NTT DoCoMo Inc. says 3
million cell phone subscribers use its Mobile Wallet service to buy
things at 20,000 stores and vending machines.
Similar services may be on the way in the United States and Europe.
MasterCard International Inc. has been testing phone-based versions
of its PayPass contactless payment technology since 2003, and may
conduct a significant market trial next year.
But there also are more ambitious visions brewing that contemplate
the cell phone as a new focal point for managing your personal
finances. The phone would supplant not only credit and debit cards,
but wallets, checkbooks, Web sites, computer programs like Quicken,
and online bill payment services such as PayPal or CheckFree.
While the mightiest players in Western banking have yet to embrace
that notion, and some are dubious of the appeal, the concept has
drawn interest in other regions and may get a tryout here soon.
      - You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-11-08 08:49:49
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Quarantine station to open at Logan / US acts amid growing 
threat of bioterrorism and infectious diseases
Quarantine station to open at Logan
US acts amid growing threat of bioterrorism and infectious diseases
By Bruce Mohl, Globe Staff  |  November 3, 2005
With the threat of bioterrorism and infectious diseases growing, the
federal government by the end of this year plans to open a quarantine
station at Boston's Logan International Airport where officials can
evaluate the health threats posed by incoming travelers.
The Massachusetts Port Authority, which operates Logan, is building
an office suite and an isolation room where a five-person staff from
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention can evaluate travelers
and train airport and airline personnel on how to detect symptoms
consistent with infectious diseases. The CDC office will be located
in the international Terminal E.
''We are most interested in people with fever accompanied by rash,
stiff neck, jaundice, cough, or unusual bleeding and severe diarrhea
with or without fever," said Maria Pia Sanchez, officer in charge for
the CDC at Logan. She is currently working out of her home.
Sanchez said she and her staff, including one medical director, will
monitor all international arrivals at Logan. ''While avian flu is
what is on most people's mind right now, the most common
quarantinable disease we pick up through our quarantine stations is
tuberculosis," Sanchez said in an e-mail. ''A case of TB can be
imported from just about any country."
CDC officials say a quarantine station will not have a major impact
on most travelers arriving from abroad at Logan, since a tiny
percentage are actually pulled aside for evaluation.
But if avian flu were to mutate into a fast-spreading deadly human
virus or a bioterrorism attack occurred, quarantine stations like the
one in Boston would probably play a much more aggressive role,
serving as the nation's first line of defense in containing the
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-01 11:56:26
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: NSA Gave Other U.S. Agencies Information From Surveillance 
NSA Gave Other U.S. Agencies Information From Surveillance
Fruit of Eavesdropping Was Processed and Cross-Checked With Databases
By Walter Pincus
Washington Post Staff Writer
Sunday, January 1, 2006; Page A08
Information captured by the National Security Agency's secret
eavesdropping on communications between the United States and
overseas has been passed on to other government agencies, which
cross-check the information with tips and information collected in
other databases, current and former administration officials said.
The NSA has turned such information over to the Defense Intelligence
Agency (DIA) and to other government entities, said three current and
former senior administration officials, although it could not be
determined which agencies received what types of information.
Information from intercepts -- which typically includes records of
telephone or e-mail communications -- would be made available by
request to agencies that are allowed to have it, including the FBI,
DIA, CIA and Department of Homeland Security, one former official
At least one of those organizations, the DIA, has used NSA
information as the basis for carrying out surveillance of people in
the country suspected of posing a threat, according to two sources. A
DIA spokesman said the agency does not conduct such domestic
surveillance but would not comment further. Spokesmen for the FBI,
the CIA and the director of national intelligence, John D.
Negroponte, declined to comment on the use of NSA data.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-22 05:29:56
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Logan to start express security program this summer / 
Participants register and pay yearly fee
Logan to start express security program this summer
Participants register and pay yearly fee
By Peter J. Howe, Globe Staff  |  January 20, 2006
Logan International Airport will implement a ''registered traveler"
program this summer that allows passengers who pass a screening check
and pay a yearly fee to use special express security lines.
Passengers will also have to submit fingerprints and eye scans to
qualify. Other key details of the program, including how much it will
cost and when it will start, are still being worked out.
To boost interest in the program, participants will probably get
benefits such as discounts on parking and dining at the airport,
according to Thomas J. Kinton Jr., director of aviation for the
Massachusetts Port Authority, which runs Logan.
Logan was one of five US airports that conducted small-scale
registered-traveler program trials that ended in September. At Logan,
the program involved about 1,800 American Airlines frequent fliers.
Registered travelers show their boarding passes and get their
identities confirmed by a machine that checks either their iris or
index finger tip. They still have to go through metal detectors and
put their bags through X-ray scanners but often save several minutes
by avoiding security lines used by the general public that can get
crowded. And unless registered travelers set off a metal detector or
have a banned item in their carry-on luggage, they are also exempted
from so-called secondary screening patdowns by airport security
officials that involve a randomly selected percentage of all
travelers in general security lines.
Currently, among US airports only Orlando International Airport
offers a special registered traveler check-in, which has enrolled
13,000 people since June who pay $80 a year. Airports in
Indianapolis, Sacramento, Calif., and San Jose also plan to offer the
programs this summer.
People who get registered traveler cards from Massport will be able
to use them at all US airports that decide to offer the service,
Kinton said yesterday.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-06-13 11:51:34
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Death by DMCA 
Death by DMCA
By:  Fred von Lohmann and Wendy Seltzer
IEEE Spectrum
June 2006
A flood of legislation released by the passage of the  Digital
Millennium Copyright Act threatens to drown whole  classes of
consumer electronics
In 1998, U.S.  entertainment companies persuaded  Congress to make
dramatic changes in its copyright code  by passing the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act. The  DMCA gave  copyright holders new
rights to control the way people  use copyrighted material and new
protection for  technologies designed to restrict access or copying.
The  movie and record companies argued they needed these new
restrictions to fight increased piracy threats in the  digital era.
In the eight years since the DMCA's passage, however,  piracy has not
decreased, and hurdles to lawful uses of  media have risen. The
Motion Picture Association (MPA),  the international arm of the
Motion Picture Association  of America (MPAA), estimated worldwide
losses because of  piracy to be US $2.2 billion in 1997 and $3.5
billion  annually in 2002, 2003, and 2004.
Meanwhile, entire consumer electronics categories have  been wiped
from retail shelves. If three or four years  ago you didn't buy a
digital video recorder that  automatically skips commercials, you're
out of luck;  that feature is not in such products today. Television
executives brought litigation that bankrupted the  company offering
DVRs with these user-friendly features,  because skipping commercials
potentially undermines  their ability to sell commercial time.
You're likewise out of luck if you're looking to buy  software that
lets you copy a DVD onto your laptop's  hard drive; it's no longer
for sale, at least not in the  United States. Even if you want to put
the movie you  bought onto a pocket-size video and game console, such
as Sony's PlayStation Portable, which allows users to  watch video
stored on flash memory or a miniature hard  drive, you can't legally
do so, because you'd have to  "rip," or decode, it to make the
transfer-and the studios claim that this action violates the DMCA.
When  you rip a CD, be it to an audiotape or an MP3 file,  you're not
breaking any laws. But to rip a DVD you need  to somehow get around
the encryption technology built  into a standard disc, and since such
circumvention is  forbidden by the DMCA, if you rip a DVD, you are
breaking a law. Under the DMCA, legality doesn't depend  on how the
copy will be used but rather on the means by  which the digital
content is copied.
Now, in an even more vexing situation, U.S.  entertainment companies
are successfully spreading the  copyright code changes established by
the DMCA around  the world. Laws similar to the DMCA now exist in
Japan,  Australia, and much of Europe. At least nine additional
countries, including Chile, Guatemala, and Singapore  have also been
pressured to enact DMCA-like laws as part  of a devil's bargain with
U.S. trade negotiators, who  say the copyright change is necessary to
secure free  trade pacts with the United States that would govern all
sorts of commerce. And in Europe, the body charged with  defining the
European digital television standards is  mixing in
content-protection obligations, responding yet  again to pressure
from major U.S. movie studios.
Emboldened by their successes, U.S. entertainment  companies are
pushing for another wave of even more  restrictive legislation.
"Broadcast flag" legislation  could require that all consumer
electronics devices  recognize protected television broadcasts and
potentially refuse to copy them; a so-called "radio  flag" bill would
prevent or restrict the manufacture of  hard disk recorders for
digital radio; and an "analog  hole" closure would restrict the
connections new digital  devices can make with analog devices.
As the entertainment industry expands copyright law,  the rising tide
threatens to completely wash away many  types of innovative gadgets.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2011-12-02 03:33:26
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Exam Cheating on Long Island Hardly a Secret (Anderson/Applebome) 
Jenny Anderson and Peter Applebome, *The New York Times*, 2 Dec 2011
The suspected test takers came from prominent, respected families, some of
them in financial distress - among the five facing felony charges were the
sons of a well-known lawyer, the president of the local library board and a
wealthy philanthropic family.  The youths who are accused of paying them as
much as $3,600 to take SAT and ACT tests were largely undistinguished
students willing to cut corners to strengthen their modest sums.
The combination yielded one of the most conspicuous cheating scandals in
memory, a telling reflection on the college admissions rat race - and,
perhaps, contemporary ethics more broadly. According to prosecutors,
principals, parents and teenagers here on Long Island's Gold Coast, it was
common knowledge at some of the nation's most prestigious high schools that
if you had the money, you could find someone with a sharper vocabulary and a
surer grasp of geometry to fill in the blanks for you. ...

@_date: 2011-12-02 10:30:30
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Skype flaw reveals users' location, file-downloading habits 
Joan Goodchild, CSO Online, 1 Dec 2011
A team of researchers has uncovered an issue that imperils Skype
users' privacy by putting their location and identity up for grabs
Researchers have found a flaw in Skype that can expose your location,
identity and the content you're downloading. Microsoft, which owns Skype,
says they are working on the problem.
The issue was uncovered earlier this year by a team of researchers from
Polytechnic Institute of New York University (NYU-Poly), MPI-SWS in Germany
and INRIA in France and included Keith Ross, Stevens Le Blond, Chao Zhang,
Arnaud Legout, and Walid Dabbous. The team presented the research in Berlin
recently at the Internet Measurement Conference 2011 in a paper titled "I
know where you are and what you are sharing."
The researchers found several properties of Skype that can track not only
users' locations over time, but also their peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing
activity, according to a summary of the findings on the NYU-Poly web
site. Earlier this year, a German researcher found a cross-site scripting
flaw in Skype that could allow someone to change an account password without
the user's consent. ...
 - - - -
Somini Sengupta, Skype Can Expose Your Location, Researchers Say,
*The New York Times* blogs, 29 Nov 2011
Remember when a prankster could make himself a general nuisance by calling
your home phone and quickly hanging up?
The equivalent of a prank call on Skype, the popular
voice-over-Internet-Protocol service, can be much more than a nuisance. If
you are logged in to Skype, a prankster - or thief or spy - can effectively
track where you are and in some circumstances, what you do and even what you
download, according to an experiment led by Keith Ross, a computer science
professor at the Polytechnic Institute of New York University in Brooklyn.
Mr. Ross, along with his collaborators at the French computer research
institute, Inria, followed 10,000 randomly selected Skype users over 16
days. ...

@_date: 2011-12-05 13:34:09
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Sneaky Mobile Ads Invade Android Phones 
Download the wrong app to your Android phone, and you may end up with ads on
your home screen or notification bar. We'll tell you who's behind the
annoyance and how to get the ads off your phone.
Tom Spring, 4 Dec 2011
Are you wondering how that mysterious icon ended up on your Android phone's
start screen? Annoyed at the ads clogging your notification bar? You aren't
alone. Thousands of Android apps now include software that shoves marketing
icons onto your phone's start screen or pushes advertising into your
notification bar--and many of the apps give you no warning about the ad
Many of these ads come from mobile marketing firms such as AirPush, Appenda,
LeadBolt, Moolah Media, and StartApp. The companies work with app developers
hungry for some way to make money from their smartphone software. By
bundling their adware into popular Android programs, these marketing
companies say they are now pushing ads to millions of new smartphones each
Smartphone users generally hate the swarm of marketing on their
touchscreens, but the approach is growing fast. One of the companies,
AirPush, says 800,000 people a day download an Android app with its adware
inside--up from 250,000 just three months ago.
It may be next to impossible to completely avoid this kind of advertising on
your phone. I looked at dozens of apps that contain ad software and found
that few of them disclose that they contain adware. But there are ways to
get the ads off your phone, as we'll see below. ...

@_date: 2011-11-29 23:41:05
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: HP printers can be remotely controlled and set on fire, 
Jon Brodkin, Ars Technica
Security researchers at Columbia University have accused HP of selling
printers with a flaw that could let hackers gain remote control over the
devices. Once compromised, the access can be used to steal personal
information, attack networks, and even set printers on fire by feeding them
a continuous stream of instructions designed to heat them up.
The researchers, funded by government and industry grants, reported the flaw
to federal officials and HP this month, and gave a demonstration to MSNBC,
which has an extensive article on the subject today. HP told MSNBC that it
is reviewing the details, but denied that the problem is as extensive as
claimed by Columbia PhD student Ang Cui and Professor Salvatore Stolfo.  ...

@_date: 2012-08-31 09:02:58
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Hantavirus warning e-mails and letters 
Excerpt from
2 more Yosemite visitors have hantavirus
Meanwhile, the park sent warning e-mails and letters on Wednesday to another
1,000 people who stayed in tent cabins in Curry Village, after officials
found that a computer glitch had stopped the notices from going out with the
original 1,700 warnings on Monday. The warning says anyone with flu-like
symptoms or respiratory problems should seek immediate medical attention.

@_date: 2012-09-03 10:29:50
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Thousands fall victim to utility payment scam (Scott Bauer) 
Scott Bauer, Thousands fall victim to utility payment scam, Associated
Press, 12 Jul 2012
As much as President Barack Obama wants your vote, he's not actually
offering to pay your monthly bills.  But thousands of Americans have been
persuaded otherwise, falling victim to a fast-moving scam that claims to be
part of an Obama administration program to help pay utility bills in the
midst of a scorching summer.
The scheme spread quickly across the nation in recent weeks with help from
victims who unwittingly shared it on social media sites before realizing
they had been conned out of personal information such as Social Security,
credit card and checking account numbers.  ...

@_date: 2012-09-03 19:52:17
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Hack on Saudi Aramco hit 30,000 workstations, oil firm admits 
First hacktivist-style assault to use malware?
John Leyden, *The Register*, 29 August 2012
Analysis Saudi Aramco said that it had put its network back online on
Saturday, 10 days after a malware attack floored 30,000 workstations at the
oil giant.  In a statement [1], Saudi Arabia's national oil firm said that
it had "restored all its main internal network services" hit by a malware
outbreak that struck on 15 August. The firm said its core business of oil
production and exploration was not affected by the attack, which resulted in
a decision to suspend Saudi Aramco's website for a period of a few days,
presumably as a precaution. Corporate remote access services were also
suspended as a result of the attack.
Oil and production systems were run off "isolated network systems unaffected
by the attack, which the firm has pledged to investigate.  In the meantime,
Saudi Aramco promised [2] to improve the security of its network to guard
against fresh assaults. ...

@_date: 2012-09-03 19:52:17
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Can YOU crack the Gauss uber-virus encryption? 
Appeal for help to break open hidden scrambled payload
John Leyden, *The Register*, 14 August 2012
Antivirus experts have called on cryptographers and other clever bods for
help after admitting they are no closer to figuring out the main purpose of
the newly discovered Gauss supervirus.
While it's known that the complex malware features many information-stealing
capabilities, with a specific focus on capturing website passwords, online
banking account credentials and system configuration data from infected
machines, the content of the virus's encrypted payload is still a mystery.
Kaspersky Lab had tracked Gauss for weeks before announcing its discovery
last week. Antivirus experts at the security biz and elsewhere have been
burning the midnight oil in the days since, and although progress has been
made - for example in analysing its architecture [1], unique modules and
communication methods - the payload encryption is unbroken.
Researchers reckon the hidden binary blob, when decrypted and executed,
looks for a program specifically named using an extended character set, such
as Arabic or Hebrew. What that program might be remains unclear as long as
the encryption remains unbroken.
The general concuss among security experts is that Gauss - like Flame, Duqu
and Stuxnet before it - is a nation-state sponsored cyber-espionage toolkit,
quite possibly built from the same components as Flame. ...
  [One of my colleagues suggests that unraveling the hidden payload would
  require breaking some serious crypto, and that someone successfully doing
  so might not be in a position to want to claim success.  But RISKS awaits
  any further news on this topic.  PGN]

@_date: 2012-09-03 19:52:17
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: 'first ever' Linux, Mac OS X-only password sniffing Trojan spotted 
John Leyden, Windows? Who the hell uses that? *The Register*, 29 August 2012
Security researchers have discovered a potential dangerous Linux and Mac OS
X cross-platform trojan.  Once installed on a compromised machine, Wirenet-1
opens a backdoor to a remote command server, and logs key presses to capture
passwords and sensitive information typed by victims.
The program also grabs passwords submitted to Opera, Firefox, Chrome and
Chromium web browsers, and credentials stored by applications including
e-mail client Thunderbird, web suite SeaMonkey, and chat app Pidgin.  The
malware then attempts to upload the gathered data to a server hosted in the
Netherlands. ...

@_date: 2012-09-03 19:52:17
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Firefox, Opera allow crooks to hide an entire phish site in a link 
John Leyden, Watch out for the tinyurl that isn't, *The Register*, 3 Sep 2012
A shortcoming in browsers including Firefox and Opera allows crooks to
easily hide an entire malicious web page in a clickable link - ideal for
fooling victims into handing over passwords and other sensitive info.
Usually, so-called "phishing attacks" rely on tricking marks into visiting
websites designed by criminals to masquerade as banks and online stores,
thus snaffling punters' credentials and bank account details when they try
to use the bogus pages. However this requires finding somewhere to host the
counterfeit sites, which are often quickly taken down by hosting companies
and the authorities or blocked by filters.
Instead, the malicious web pages can be stored in data URIs - uniform
resource identifiers, not to be confused with URLs - which stuff the web
code into a handy string that when clicked on, instructs the browser to
unpack the payload and present it as a page.
It negates the need to find somewhere to secrete your malicious page, and
once shortened using a service such as TinyURL, the URI can be reduced to a
small URL perfect for passing around social networks, online chats and
e-mail. Crooks would still need to set up a server to receive data from
victims, however. ...
