
@_date: 2010-12-15 15:43:38
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: Visualization: Tor nodes on Google Maps and Google Earth 
I wrote a small ugly Python script to visualize Tor relays on Google
Maps and Google Earth. You can see the result here:
* Open KML file in Google Maps:
* Download tormap.kml for Google Earth
The KML standard is being pushed by Google and should work for
OpenStreetMap, too, but I couldn't get it to load there. Feel free to
modify the script to generate other outputs.
The initial idea was to scale the marker size to show the relay's
bandwidth, but Google Maps does not support this.
The markers might give a false impression of accuracy. Most IPs can only
be tracked to city level (or even region), ie. the markers are somewhat
near, not necessarily at the real location of the relay.
You can download the script here:
 (LGPL)
This is a one-time snapshot and I will not update it regularly, unless
there is public interest to do so. The bandwidth categories are based on
the reported "observed bandwidth" at the time of creation, so the actual
number of high bandwidth nodes will fluctuate every time the script is
run. It would be nice to extend this script to use longer-term bandwidth
calculation like TorStatus does, and to generate a map over time using
all the consensus data provided at  An
example of what this could look like is Vis4Net's Wikileaks Mirror World
Map at  .
( Mostly copied from my blog at

@_date: 2011-08-22 12:48:00
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Torservers.net Meetups in Dresden (3.9. and 15.10.) 
Hi there,
The non-profit association behind torservers.net invites everyone,
especially its current members, to two meetings. The first meeting will
be held on the evening of Saturday, 3.9., in my kitchen. The second
meeting will be on the evening of Saturday, 15.10., most likely also in
my kitchen but maybe somewhere else, depending on the interest.
Main topics for first meeting:
* create a todo list/wishlist and an agenda for the 15.10. meeting
* assign tasks to all attendees stupid enough to be there ;)
* update the list members about what happened in the last months (yes,
there's been some activity!)
The 15.10. meeting is held in association with the CCC event
"Datenspuren",  . If you want to come, be aware that
most talks will be held in German. I can offer a limited number of floor
space and inflatable mattresses.
If you want to attend either of those meetings and don't know my
address, contact me on IRC (gamamb/gamambel) or XMPP (same as email).

@_date: 2011-12-06 08:49:19
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Fwd: [hackerdojo] DARPA Funding for 
In my opinion, the best statement regarding DARPA funding for
hackerspaces was made by Mitch Altman on the hackerspaces.org list:
Let me quote it here in full:
---- snip ----
My view is a bit different.  You don't have to agree, but please
consider:  DARPA is a government agency that exists to further its
goals.  It seems to me that those goals are to make things easier and
better for hurting and killing other people.  It seems to me that this
is why they exist.  If people working for DARPA are giving grant money
away, it is to further the goals of DARPA.  This isn't to say that good
things can't be done with DARPA money.  But DARPA is spending this money
explicitly to further the goals of DARPA -- and it *will* be used to
further those goals.
Werner von Braun was an incredible visionary.  He wanted to explore
space!  It was his lifelong dream.  He found an opportunity for funding
his dream when Hitler offered to pay for him to make rockets.  Those
rockets were used to destroy the lives of civilians in London in the
form of V2 missiles.  After the war, he was eventually hired by NASA to
make rockets that eventually became the basis of the US space program.
Was this a good trade off?  I know how I feel.  I don't want to tell
others what to do, or what to think or feel.  Please make up your own mind.
In my mind, I would rather change projects than hurt others in order to
fulfill the goals of my project.  But, before changing projects, perhaps
there are other means of funding it, or allowing the project to proceed.
 Those other means are way worth exploring.
One other point I feel is worth considering:  A powerful method of
marketing is to associate PRODUCT X with a warm and fuzzy feeling.
Repeat that enough times, and enough people subconsciously associate a
warm-fuzzy feeling with PRODUCT X, and sales of PRODUCT X go up some
percentage.  PRODUCT X can be dish soap, a soft drink, a TV show, a
political candidate, a banana republic dictator, green-washing corporate
image -- anything the people paying for the marketing request.  PRODUCT
X can also be DARPA.  If we make more warm and fuzzy associations with
DARPA (by using their money for what we feel is *good*), then some
people will more likely feel it is OK to work for an agency to further
the goals of DARPA -- and those goals may not be in line with what you
believe is of true benefit to you and those around you.  Or it may.
Again, please think this through for yourself.  And please make a
conscious choice.
---- snip ----

@_date: 2011-12-09 13:32:25
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Free Network Architectures - 28c3 Meetup scheduled 
Chokepoint, Darknetplan, Freifunk, Freedombox, Funkfeuer, Free Network
Foundation, PersonalTelco, Project Byzantium, Serval, Lichtbr|cke,
MondoNet ... gather!
Ideally, prepare a short talk (THREE SLIDES MAX) about your current
thoughts, activities and deliverables. Get technical. What are the
current obstacles? Where do we want to be in 2 years?
Send slides (if any) to me BEFORE THE WORKSHOP.
Latenight talk. Strictly speaking on 28th, but in practice it's on
Tuesday evening!
Day 2 - 2011-12-28, 00:15-01:15, Smaller Workshop Room B04

@_date: 2011-07-16 13:50:14
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Rise of a Cybered Westphalian Age 
Accession Number : ADA537560
Title :   Rise of a Cybered Westphalian Age
Descriptive Note : Journal article
Corporate Author : AIR UNIV MAXWELL AFB AL STRATEGIC STUDIES QUARTERLY
Personal Author(s) : Demchak, Chris C. ; Dombrowski, Peter
Report Date : 2011
Pagination or Media Count : 31
Abstract : No frontier lasts forever, and no freely occupied global
commons extends endlessly where human societies are involved. Sooner or
later, good fences are erected to make good neighbors, and so it must be
with cyberspace. Today we are seeing the beginnings of the border-making
process across the world's nations. From the Chinese intent to create
their own controlled internal Internet, to increasingly controlled
access to the Internet in less-democratic states, to the rise of
Internet filters and rules in Western democracies, states are
establishing the bounds of their sovereign control in the virtual world
in the name of security and economic sustainability. The topology of the
Internet, like the prairie of the 1800s' American Midwest is about to be
changed forever -rationally, conflictually, or collaterally- by the
decisions of states.
Descriptors :   *NETWORK TOPOLOGY, *INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS, *INTERNET,
ECONOMICS, SOCIETIES, MAN MACHINE SYSTEMS, MAN COMPUTER INTERFACE,
ONLINE SYSTEMS, ELECTRONIC SECURITY, CHINA, CYBERNETICS, COMPUTER
VIRUSES, CLIENT SERVER SYSTEMS, INTERNATIONAL POLITICS, NATIONS,
MILITARY HISTORY, GLOBAL
Subject Categories : GOVERNMENT AND POLITICAL SCIENCE
      COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT AND STANDARDS
      CYBERNETICS
      HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING & MAN MACHINE SYSTEM
Distribution Statement : APPROVED FOR PUBLIC RELEASE

@_date: 2011-03-15 22:40:55
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: Torservers Foundation Meeting - Invitation 26.3. Dresden 
The non-profit organization around Torservers, Zwiebelfreunde ("Friends
of the Onion") will be officially founded in Dresden on 26 March 2011.
The goal of the foundation is to strengthen article 19 of the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights by (including, not limited to)
* encouraging and organizing local user groups, workshops and meetings
* documenting and collecting Tor information material and setup guides
* documenting experiences with high bandwidth Tor exit node operation,
both operational and legal
(* provide legal help for Tor exit node operators?)
In general, if you like this, you should take a look at
and join us on irc.oftc.net This is an open meeting and everyone is welcome. We will most likely
have (limited supplies of) free beer. You can come as a spectator, and
you can stay anonymous.
To become an official founding member, you will have to put your name on
a document and your signature next to it (no further identification
required), and sign the German statute:
There is absolutely no requirement to be there on 15:00 sharp. If you
want to be a founding member, come before 16:30. If you just want to
discuss Tor(servers) and the foundation, you can also join in later. It
will most likely be a long night, so better sleep until noon.
Probably we will be leaving Watzke some time. If you are unsure, call me
or look for Twitter updates.
 * Saturday, 26.03.2010
 * starting 15:00, open end
 * Brauhaus Watzke,  , Am Goldenen Reiter, Hauptstra_e 1,
01139 Dresden
 * no preregistration necessary
 * Phone contact (mine): +49-176-96 373 484
If you need a place to sleep at, no problem. Contact me, at best before

@_date: 2011-05-19 01:51:17
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Wired: NSAbs Warrantless Wiretapping and Data Mining 
New Yorker Sheds New Light on NSAbs Warrantless Wiretapping and Data Mining
By Kim Zetter
May 16, 2011  |
5:37 pm  |
Categories: Crime, NSA, Surveillance
New details about the NSAbs postbSept. 11 domestic surveillance programs
have emerged in a stunning New Yorker article about NSA whistleblower
Thomas Drake, who faces trial next month for allegedly leaking
information about waste and mismanagement at the agency.
The article provides new insight into the warrantless surveillance
program exposed by The New York Times in December 2005, including how
top officials at the intelligence agency viewed the program. Former NSA
Director Michael Hayden, in 2002, reportedly urged a congressional
staffer who was concerned about the legality of the program to keep
quiet about it, telling her that she could byell and screamb about the
program once the inevitable leaks about it occurred.
Asked why the NSA didnbt employ privacy protections in its program,
Hayden reportedly told the staffer, bWe didnbt need them. We had the
power,b and admitted the government was not getting warrants for the
domestic surveillance.
The New Yorker also spoke with a former head of the agencybs Signals
Intelligence Automation Research Center, or SARC, who invented software
codenamed ThinThread that is believed to have been adapted by the NSA
for the warrantless surveillance. The program had privacy protections
built into it, but the official says he believes the NSA rejiggered the
program to remove those protections, so that it could collect data on
everyone, including people in the United States.
Thomas Drake, the focus of the article, is facing trial next month on
charges that he violated the Espionage Act by retaining classified
information. Ironically, hebs not being charged for leaking classified
information about the warrantless wiretapping program itself. Instead,
the charges are based on five documents government investigators found
in Drakebs basement and e-mail archive that prosecutors say contain
classified information.
The documents discuss another data-mining program dubbed Trailblazer
that was deemed a failure and canceled before it was implemented. Drake
allegedly provided information about waste and mismanagement of the
Trailblazer program to a reporter at the Baltimore Sun in 2006 and 2007,
but he maintains that he gave the reporter no classified information and
disputes that the documents found in his possession contain classified
Drake, who left the NSA in 2008 and now works at an Apple Store outside
Washington, D.C., is facing a possible sentence of 35 years if
convicted. The governmentbs decision to prosecute him is now resulting
in further information about the NSAbs illegal surveillance being
exposed, as the New Yorker article shows.
Drake was a linguist and military crypto expert who had been an NSA
contractor when he began a new staff job with the agency on the fateful
morning of September 11, 2001, in the agencybs Signals Intelligence
As a contractor, Drake had become familiar with a data-mining program
codenamed ThinThread, that had been tested within the NSA and could be
deployed in Afghanistan, Pakistan and other regions where terrorism was
prevalent. After 9/11, the program seemed ideal to address the suddenly
urgent need to track down terrorist targets.
The program was created in the late b90s by Bill Binney, a mathematician
and head of the NSAbs SARC unit. It was designed to trap, map and mine
vast amounts of data in real time to pick out relevant and suspicions
communications, rather than requiring the data to be stored and sifted
later. The New Yorker details it:
    As Binney imagined it, ThinThread would correlate data from
financial transactions, travel records, Web searches,GPS equipment, and
any other battributesb that an analyst might find useful in pinpointing
bthe bad guys.b By 2000, Binney, using fibre optics, had set up a
computer network that could chart relationships among people in real
time. It also turned the N.S.A.bs data-collection paradigm upside down.
Instead of vacuuming up information around the world and then sending it
all back to headquarters for analysis, ThinThread processed information
as it was collectedbdiscarding useless information on the spot and
avoiding the overload problem that plagued centralized systems. Binney
says, bThe beauty of it is that it was open-ended, so it could keep
expanding.b
The program was bnearly perfectb except for one thing. It swooped up the
data of Americans as well as foreigners and continued to intercept
foreign communications as they traversed U.S.-based switches and
networks. This violated U.S. law, which forbids the collection of
domestic communication without a probable-cause warrant.
To solve this problem, Binney added privacy controls and an banonymizing
featureb to encrypt all American communications that ThinThread
processed. The system would flag patterns that looked suspicious, which
authorities could then use to obtain a warrant and decrypt the information.
ThinThread was ready to deploy in early 2001, but the NSAbs lawyers
determined it violated Americansb privacy, and NSA director Michael
Hayden scrapped it. In its place, Hayden focused funding on a different
program, codenamed Trailblazer, which the NSA contracted with outside
defense companies, like SAIC, to produce.
That system ran into numerous problems and cost overruns, yet continued
with Haydenbs support. Haydenbs deputy director and his chief of
signals-intelligence programs worked at various times for SAIC, which
received several Trailblazer contracts worth hundreds of millions of
dollars. In 2006, after eating up some $1.2 billion, Trailblazer was
finally deemed a flop and killed.
But in the meantime, just weeks after the 9/11 attacks, rumors began
circulating within the NSA that the agency, with the approval of the
White House, was violating the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by
conducting domestic surveillance. On Oct. 4, 2001, President Bush
authorized the policy, which was operational by Oct. 6.
Drake said strange things began happening inside the NSA, with equipment
suddenly being moved, and people who worked on FISA warrants being
re-assigned. Drake saw this as a tipoff that the conventional legal
surveillance process was being circumvented.
Binney, who wasnbt involved directly in the post-9/11 surveillance
program, was certain that the rumored surveillance must be using
components of the ThinThread program he helped design, but with the
privacy protections now stripped out of it.
bIt was my brainchild,b he told The New Yorker. bBut they removed the
protections, the anonymization process. When you remove that, you can
target anyone.b
NSA people who were apprised of the program told him, bCan you believe
theybre doing this? Theybre getting billing records on U.S. citizens!
Theybre putting pen registers on everyone in the country!b
Drake heard from colleagues that the surveillance involved special
barrangementsb that were being made with telecom and credit card
companies to collect data on customers. Drake says he tried to raise
concerns about the legality of the program with the NSAbs general
counsel but was told not to worry about it, that it was legal and none
of his business.
bThe mantra was bGet the data!bb he told The New Yorker.
He discussed the issue with Maureen Baginski, his superior at the NSA
and the third-highest-ranking official in the agency. She reportedly
told him presciently that she feared the NSA would be bhauntedb by the
surveillance program. She left the agency in 2003 in part because she
was uncomfortable with the program, The New Yorker reports.
Drake also confided in Diane Roark, a staff member on the House
Intelligence Committee. She wrote a series of memos in February 2002
warning of the potential legal violations and gave them to Intelligence
Committee staffers who worked for committee chairman Porter Goss and
Democratic minority Whip Nancy Pelosi. But nothing happened.
Instead, Roark drew the wrath of Hayden who pleaded with her to stop
agitating against the program and seemed to suggest to Roark he had
assurances that the Supreme Court would back the program. The New Yorker:
    He conceded that the policy would leak at some point, and told her
that when it did she could byell and screamb as much as she wished.
Meanwhile, he wanted to give the program more time. She asked Hayden why
the N.S.A. had chosen not to include privacy protections for Americans.
She says that he bkept not answering. Finally, he mumbled, and looked
down, and said, bWe didnbt need them. We had the power.b He didnbt even
look me in the eye. I was flabbergasted.b She asked him directly if the
government was getting warrants for domestic surveillance, and he
admitted that it was not.
Roark tried to contact Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist but got no
response. When she contacted a judge on the FISA court to express
concern that the NSA and government were doing an end-run around the
court, she was referred to the Justice Department, which had approved
the surveillance program in the first place.
bThis was such a Catch-22,b Roark told The New Yorker. bThere was no one
to go to.b
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2011-10-19 23:29:54
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Free Network Foundation deploys mesh network for 
For more info on the mentioned Freedom Tower, see
even more technical: Basically, it is like a wireless Access Point for mesh network routers,
such as the FreedomBox, that serves as a gateway to the Internet.
Transparency info: I am a research fellow of the FNF.

@_date: 2011-10-20 03:52:12
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] ETH ZC<rich Systems Design Publication: The Network of Global Corporate Control 
Stefania Vitali, James B. Glattfelder, Stefano Battiston
Chair of Systems Design, ETH ZCQUOTE:
This is the o,rst time a ranking of economic actors by global control is
presented. Notice that many actors belong to the o,nancial sector and
many of the names are well-known global players. The interest of this
ranking is not that it exposes unsuspected powerful players. Instead, it
shows that many of the top actors belong to the core. This means that
they do not carry out their business in isolation but, on the contrary,
they are tied together in an extremely entangled web of control. This
o,nding is extremely important since there was no prior economic theory
or empirical evidence regarding whether and how top players are
connected. Finally, it should be noted that governments and natural
persons are only featured further down in the list.
, quoted below: )
AS PROTESTS against financial power sweep the world this week, science
may have confirmed the protesters' worst fears. An analysis of the
relationships between 43,000 transnational corporations has identified a
relatively small group of companies, mainly banks, with disproportionate
power over the global economy.
The 1318 transnational corporations that form the core of the economy.
Superconnected companies are red, very connected companies are yellow.
The study's assumptions have attracted some criticism, but complex
systems analysts contacted by New Scientist say it is a unique effort to
untangle control in the global economy. Pushing the analysis further,
they say, could help to identify ways of making global capitalism more
The idea that a few bankers control a large chunk of the global economy
might not seem like news to New York's Occupy Wall Street movement and
protesters elsewhere. But the study, by a trio of complex systems
theorists at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, is the
first to go beyond ideology to empirically identify such a network of
power. It combines the mathematics long used to model natural systems
with comprehensive corporate data to map ownership among the world's
transnational corporations (TNCs).
"Reality is so complex, we must move away from dogma, whether it's
conspiracy theories or free-market," says James Glattfelder. "Our
analysis is reality-based."
Previous studies have found that a few TNCs own large chunks of the
world's economy, but they included only a limited number of companies
and omitted indirect ownerships, so could not say how this affected the
global economy - whether it made it more or less stable, for instance.
The Zurich team can. From Orbis 2007, a database listing 37 million
companies and investors worldwide, they pulled out all 43,060 TNCs and
the share ownerships linking them. Then they constructed a model of
which companies controlled others through shareholding networks, coupled
with each company's operating revenues, to map the structure of economic
The work, to be published in PloS One, revealed a core of 1318 companies
with interlocking ownerships (see image). Each of the 1318 had ties to
two or more other companies, and on average they were connected to 20.
What's more, although they represented 20 per cent of global operating
revenues, the 1318 appeared to collectively own through their shares the
majority of the world's large blue chip and manufacturing firms - the
"real" economy - representing a further 60 per cent of global revenues.
When the team further untangled the web of ownership, it found much of
it tracked back to a "super-entity" of 147 even more tightly knit
companies - all of their ownership was held by other members of the
super-entity - that controlled 40 per cent of the total wealth in the
network. "In effect, less than 1 per cent of the companies were able to
control 40 per cent of the entire network," says Glattfelder. Most were
financial institutions. The top 20 included Barclays Bank, JPMorgan
Chase & Co, and The Goldman Sachs Group.
John Driffill of the University of London, a macroeconomics expert, says
the value of the analysis is not just to see if a small number of people
controls the global economy, but rather its insights into economic
Concentration of power is not good or bad in itself, says the Zurich
team, but the core's tight interconnections could be. As the world
learned in 2008, such networks are unstable. "If one [company] suffers
distress," says Glattfelder, "this propagates."
"It's disconcerting to see how connected things really are," agrees
George Sugihara of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla,
California, a complex systems expert who has advised Deutsche Bank.
Yaneer Bar-Yam, head of the New England Complex Systems Institute
(NECSI), warns that the analysis assumes ownership equates to control,
which is not always true. Most company shares are held by fund managers
who may or may not control what the companies they part-own actually do.
The impact of this on the system's behaviour, he says, requires more
Crucially, by identifying the architecture of global economic power, the
analysis could help make it more stable. By finding the vulnerable
aspects of the system, economists can suggest measures to prevent future
collapses spreading through the entire economy. Glattfelder says we may
need global anti-trust rules, which now exist only at national level, to
limit over-connection among TNCs. Bar-Yam says the analysis suggests one
possible solution: firms should be taxed for excess interconnectivity to
discourage this risk.
One thing won't chime with some of the protesters' claims: the
super-entity is unlikely to be the intentional result of a conspiracy to
rule the world. "Such structures are common in nature," says Sugihara.
Newcomers to any network connect preferentially to highly connected
members. TNCs buy shares in each other for business reasons, not for
world domination. If connectedness clusters, so does wealth, says Dan
Braha of NECSI: in similar models, money flows towards the most highly
connected members. The Zurich study, says Sugihara, "is strong evidence
that simple rules governing TNCs give rise spontaneously to highly
connected groups". Or as Braha puts it: "The Occupy Wall Street claim
that 1 per cent of people have most of the wealth reflects a logical
phase of the self-organising economy."
So, the super-entity may not result from conspiracy. The real question,
says the Zurich team, is whether it can exert concerted political power.
Driffill feels 147 is too many to sustain collusion. Braha suspects they
will compete in the market but act together on common interests.
Resisting changes to the network structure may be one such common interest.
The top 50 of the 147 superconnected companies
1. Barclays plc
2. Capital Group Companies Inc
3. FMR Corporation
4. AXA
5. State Street Corporation
6. JP Morgan Chase & Co
7. Legal & General Group plc
8. Vanguard Group Inc
9. UBS AG
10. Merrill Lynch & Co Inc
11. Wellington Management Co LLP
12. Deutsche Bank AG
13. Franklin Resources Inc
14. Credit Suisse Group
15. Walton Enterprises LLC
16. Bank of New York Mellon Corp
17. Natixis
18. Goldman Sachs Group Inc
19. T Rowe Price Group Inc
20. Legg Mason Inc
21. Morgan Stanley
22. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc
23. Northern Trust Corporation
24. SociC)tC) GC)nC)rale
25. Bank of America Corporation
26. Lloyds TSB Group plc
27. Invesco plc
28. Allianz SE 29. TIAA
30. Old Mutual Public Limited Company
31. Aviva plc
32. Schroders plc
33. Dodge & Cox
34. Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc*
35. Sun Life Financial Inc
36. Standard Life plc
37. CNCE
38. Nomura Holdings Inc
39. The Depository Trust Company
40. Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance
41. ING Groep NV
42. Brandes Investment Partners LP
43. Unicredito Italiano SPA
44. Deposit Insurance Corporation of Japan
45. Vereniging Aegon
46. BNP Paribas
47. Affiliated Managers Group Inc
48. Resona Holdings Inc
49. Capital Group International Inc
50. China Petrochemical Group Company
* Lehman still existed in the 2007 dataset used
Graphic: The 1318 transnational corporations that form the core of the
(Data: PLoS One)

@_date: 2012-08-04 12:04:56
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor on Raspberry Pi 
My vision are secure "dedicated shells" on epoxified Pis :-)

@_date: 2012-08-07 12:37:29
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [tor] New 2x 1 Gbit/s USA exits 
Announcing new 2x1 Gbit/s exits at Axigy in Miami and Dallas.
8 GB DDR3 RAM
500 GB SATA
Full Gbit/s
6 IP Addresses with 24/7 KVM
* *

@_date: 2012-07-26 16:14:41
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [tor-relays] Call for discussion: turning funding into more 
What can I say that hasn't been said by others before... :)
We are in contact with reliable ISPs with endpoints in various
countries. They would be willing to cooperate on exits at these
locations. We have not yet talked about prices.
I would say we (as in Torservers.net) are in the position to run
multiple Gbit/s servers for prices at below $1/Mbit at "not your typical
ISP". In theory, we would be able to fulfill the 12.5 Gbit/s alone.
We're about to test a 10Gbit uplink with a Xeon behind it to find out
how far we can push a single server.
That said, we should discuss and come up with a good organizational
structure to reimburse people. Personally, I would only sponsor 100
Mbit/s or more (or maybe even only Gbit). I would set up a template that
asks for ISP information, so we can reject too many exits at one place
(say, a maximum of 1 Gbit/s or even one server per datacenter?).
Do you plan on reimbursing up front for a longer period, or only after?
We would likely need the money up front at least on a monthly basis.
Another option we have that might be more convenient is to decide on the
twelve/thirteen server locations up front and then ask the community to
fill the slots.
Given that there are places where you get Gbit for around or less than
$500, we could use the "extra money" to fund some slower locations. I
would very much like to see a high-bandwidth Iceland exit. The last
quote I got was 500 Euro for 200 Mbit/s (including hardware) at

@_date: 2012-07-30 13:27:16
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [tor-relays] Call for discussion: turning funding into more 
Not necessarily if we are on a dedicated Gbit port (which we are at
least at Axigy) and the ISP has enough upstream capacity. Limehost now
only offers "best effort" shared Gbit. Back when we ordered our server,
it clearly said dedicated Gbit.
Also, we don't really care as the deals have already paid out. We only
make monthly contracts so we can easily move in case something happens.
There's no reason to pay extra just because.
My strategy was to go through web hosting forums and pick out very cheap
ISPs. FDCservers for example claims to give away "enterprise 10Gbit,
dedicated port" for $599 at the moment. Who cares if it's "just" 2Gbps
in the end. It's still a great deal. We have been kicked from FDC in the
past and they don't have RIPE IPs so we're not going after that deal -
it might still be good for running some fast non-exit relays.

@_date: 2012-03-11 13:45:15
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Hackerbus: First Tour Dates: Switzerland, France, 
Hi Libtechs,
I was asked to keep this list updated every once in a while, and I am
happy to do so. Libtech readers are amongst the most important people I
want to reach out to. Are you a researcher working on liberation
technology in Europe? Human rights activist? Journalist focussing on
privacy? I would very much like to meet and chat with you!
Please also fill me in about related conferences and other events taking
place in Europe.
I am excited to finally announce the beginning of my tour! As a
reminder, the Hackerbus serves as a bframeworkb for documenting modern
forms of living and working: It carries professional equipment for high
quality movie making, taking pictures, recording interviews b whatever
you and me make out of it! There is no way for me to do this alone, and
it is unlikely to find someone to tour with me the whole year. While I
do have some ideas about what to visit, I donbt want to constrain this
tour too much, to be open for all kinds of suggestions and detours. I
hope you understand that for this reason I can only give you a very
rough schedule. Please contact me if you know people and places I should
come visit!
* from March 18th, 2012: Switzerland
* April 2012: Southern France, Spain
* May 2012: Portugal, Northern France
Some of the equipment:
* Panasonic Lumix GH2 with 14-42mm and 20mm lenses
* Rode NTG-2 shotgun microphone
* Zoom H4N audio recorder
* >10 TB storage
* last not least: a van with several spare seats and a bed
What do you get from inviting me? Many of you know me as the founder of
Torservers.net. Apart from the obvious offer to get your message out on
video, I am very interested to talk about communication security (proper
use of PGP, Tor etc), apocalyptical thinking as philosophical
discipline, and community building.
In preparation I was not as organized as I could have been, but hey b
webre all in it for the fun! ;-) Please donbt be mad at me if you have
already contacted me and never heard back. Ping me again!
Stay tuned for more updates soon. Now is a good time to add the RSS feed
to your reader and follow me on Twitter.

@_date: 2012-03-27 11:13:40
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Blogged: So, 
So, what about Cybercrime in Switzerland?
Swiss Cybercrime Coordination Unit (KOBIK)
Yesterday, I joined some people from Chaos Computer Club ZCleitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820  8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE

@_date: 2012-10-06 19:57:31
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] secure text collaboration platforms 
Apart from the ones already mentioned, there is
 (Etherpad Lite)
 (Etherpad)
Riseup Pads are also available as Tor hidden service:

@_date: 2013-04-03 09:47:06
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [tor] On the way to more diversity 
I have started to make changes to the Torservers.net website to reflect
that we have grown from "professional Tor Exit hosting" to a state where
growth of a single organization is not useful any more. We have
refrained from ramping up more exit capacity for quite some time because
of that.
With the help of TorProject Inc., and by being an example for others to
follow, we can now refer to multiple organizations, and become an
"umbrella organization" that distributes funds across these organizations.
Legally, we might be able to offer "abuse handling services" for exit
operators. I will discuss this with our lawyer, and keep you updated.
With the German charitable Wau Holland Foundation, we have found a first
great partner for the "new" Torservers.net. Instead of donating directly
to us, you can now donate to the project account at Wau Holland
Foundation. Hopefully, we can find even more partners in the future.
All partner organizations have been chosen carefully. We will iron out
details on how we distribute funds so we get a more diverse Tor network.
Please, talk to us if you want to set up a similar organization.
The next step is to also professionalize bridges hosting. It is quite a
shame that we only have a few hundred bridges in total. The situation
got worse now that regular bridges are blocked in several countries, and
in China only obfs3 bridges work -- of which we only have a few. We are
actively on the lookout for sponsors interested in funding bridges.

@_date: 2013-08-13 15:25:45
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Swiss VPNs 
I don't. I still believe we should stop being naive and promote Iceland
or Switzerland, just because we think they offer better privacy. In
general, just because you read something in the news, don't just believe it.
I never said Germany was a better place.
Yes, I should have quotable sources at hand, but at the moment I don't.
A good address for a more detailed answer would be the Chaos Computer
Club Switzerland,  , and, for Iceland, try the
people behind IMMI,  .
The interesting part about Iceland is that there is a slight chance of
*making it* a privacy-friendly jurisdiction. It is not, yet. If media
always convey the picture of a privacy-friendly country, its own
politicians will start believing it and fight for it, hopefully.

@_date: 2013-08-13 20:59:22
@_author: Moritz Bartl 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Zwiebelfreunde take over popular onion.to Tor gateway 
Hi Libtechies,
I hope you don't mind me putting this press release here. Please spread
if you like it.
