
@_date: 2001-07-31 22:13:17
@_author: MOSCOW WORKSHOPS 
@_subject: Increase business with wealthy Russian clients 
MOSCOW INTERNATIONAL WINTER WORKSHOP
06 September 2001
The Russian travel market continues to expand with many destinations posting increases of more than 15% this summer.
The Russian Travel market is a lucrative market and the Travel Companies are  looking for new offers for their clients. Doing business with Russia is often perceived of being difficult and complicated but this is not true. The Russian Travel companies are better organised, payments are always made on time and the clients enjoy spending and are generous to staff.
The Moscow International Winter Workshop will take place in Moscow on September 6th and is the best opportunity to meet with the Russian Travel Trade as they prepare their winter programs. Strategically planned 6 weeks prior to the winter exhibition participation at the Workshop will ensure that your offers are included in the Russian travel companies winter programs.
Winter Sun. 40% of all Vacations booked are during the winter season. Wealthy Russian clients are looking for exotic destinations, warmth, attractions and activities.
Business Travel. Russian business people are prolific travellers. 64% of the Russian companies travel on business up to 10 times a year and 29% take between 10 and 50 trips a year!
Meetings & Incentives. 28% of Russian companies organised Incentive Tours and more than a quarter organise International Meetings & Incentives. More than half book these travel arrangements through Travel Agents.
Skiing. Russians are keen skiers and are always looking for special accommodation and new ski destinations.
Summer 2002. Many Russian companies are starting to plan their next summer programs much earlier than in the past. Contact with Travel Companies in September will ensure your position for next summer.
The Moscow international Workshop on September 6th, is THE event to make contact with the Russian Travel Trade. Please contact us  for more details.
 MOSCOW INTERNATIONAL WINTER WORKSHOP
We do apologise if we have contacted you in error. Please use the delete link if you wish to be removed from this list. Please delete.
