
@_date: 1998-09-21 00:32:06
@_author: Fred C. Moulton 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
To quote the The Encyclopedia of Philosophy (EOP):
   'No definition of "atheism" can hope to be in accord with all uses of
   this term."
The EOP article continues with a discussion of various definitions and
reasons for them.  The article includes the following comment:
   'On our definition, an "atheist" is a person who rejects belief in
    God, regardles of whether or not his reason for the rejection is     the claim that "God exists" is a fales proposition.'
    'Atheism, in its basic form, is not a belief: it is the absence
     of belief.  An atheist is not primarily a person who believes
     that a god does not exist; rather, he does not believe in the      existence of a god.'
Within the past year I attended a lecture by Mr. Smith and during the
lecture he indicated that his formulation was being preferred by
scholars in the field while the one given by Jim Choate was still
used in the popular culture.
Thus I think it is inappropriate to criticize the definition of atheism used by pjm at spe.com.

@_date: 1998-09-22 00:12:15
@_author: Fred C. Moulton 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Mr. Choate please spend as much time working on reading comprehension
as you do on logic.  If you read my message you will see that I have
not stated my view on the proper definition of atheism, I have not aligned
myself with pjm or George Smith nor have I aligned myself against them.  I
did provide two quotations from scholarly sources that used definitions
similar to that provided by pjm.  I also provided a quotation that there
several definitions of the term in usage and the various definitions each have
their supporters and their opponents.  My point was the definition I quoted
are well established in the scholarly literature and demonstrate that pjm was
not trying to introduce some new and unusual definition into the discussion.
Also based on the portion of your message I quote above, it appears that
you might have misunderstood the quotation I included from Mr. Smith's book.  I
am sorry that both space and copyright issues do not allow the entire book
to be sent to you, but I do suggest that you read the entire discussion
in the book if you are having difficulty with the short passage quoted
