
@_date: 1994-12-02 22:37:04
@_author: Fred C. Moulton 
@_subject: AA BBS case 
A few months ago there were several posts about the AA BBS case.  Here is
the info about the sentencing.
According to an AP story, Robert and Carleen Thomas were sentenced
December 2, 1994 to 37 and 30 months in prison respectively for "transmitting pornography via computer and selling obscene videotapes".
The defendents will be ordered to surrender their computer equipment
according to U.S. District Judge Julia Gibbons.  The defendants will
begin their sentences in about two months and will not allowed to
remain free during appeal.
The Thomases' operated the members-only Amateur Action Bulletin
Board System in California.  They were tried and convicted in

@_date: 1994-03-21 22:43:21
@_author: Fred C. Moulton 
@_subject: Parker on Clipper 
In the 21-Mar-94 issue of Computerworld p.4 the following statment is
attributed to Donn Parker of SRI, "We have to make strong, nonescrow
encryption a crime".  I do not remember Parker making a statement like
this previously, is this a new position for Parker or is my memory going bad?

@_date: 1995-01-21 15:50:32
@_author: Fred C. Moulton 
@_subject: Computerworld Article 
I have recently seen several messages about the article in the 14-Jan-95 issue of The Economist, I do not recall seeing any
mention of a similar, but shorter article in the 16-Jan-95
issue of Computerworld, p.20.
The Computerworld article covers much of the same ground,
however I will quote the last three paragraphs of the story.
Tim May and Cypherpunks are mentioned at the end.
        At one point in 1994, rank-and-file members
    were angrily posting "EFF sellout" notes on the
    Internet.  The reason was the EFF's decision to
    negotiate with sponsors of the fast-moving digital
    wiretapping bill - an anathema to many
    privacy advocates - rather than oppose the bill.
        The legislation, which was strongly backed
    by the Federal Bureau Of Investigation and
    quickly passed, requires telephone companies
    to re-engineer their digital networks to enable
    court-ordered wiretaps.  The EFF agreed not to
    oppose the bill after cutting a deal to include
    some privacy protections and exclude the Internet
    and on-line networks.
        But the Washington maneuvers did not sit
    well with some EFF members.  "I've written
    them off" said Timothy C. May, co-founder of
    the Internet's Cypherpunks discussion group
    encryption.  "They don't represent my interests.
    They're not a member-driven, grassroots organization."

@_date: 1996-07-25 02:54:05
@_author: Fred C. Moulton 
@_subject: Pachinko Cards in WSJ 
The July 24 1996 edition of the Wall Street Journal has a front page article
about the "cashless Pachinko cards" in Japan which resulted in losses for
several businesses.  This was discussed in cypherpunks when the story originally broke months ago.  The article in the WSJ relates how the cards
were the results of fears that the money laundered from the pachinko halls
was being sent to North Korea to fund the nuclear program there.  The CIA
provided intelligence about this to the Japanese authorities according to
the article.  Far too many details to summarize here, I suggest those who
are interested read it.
