
@_date: 2001-07-29 20:39:39
@_author: Neal J. Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
E-mail From the Desk of Neal Lang
Hi, Pete,
I was forwarded your e-mail on the above subject by Pete Mancus.  As I was not an original recipient, I hope you don't consider my response I read with interest (and sadness) your July 27th letter satirically belittling the National Rifle Association for celebrating arguably the "most important" political coup on behalf of the "individual right to keep and bear arms" in the last 8 years.
I hope you don't find my corrective reply to be a flame, as I do not intend it to be taken as such.   I respect you and your efforts on behalf of "the cause" too much.
This current epistle, while I believe errant, evidences the "passions" and "wit" that make all your correspondence a "joy" for those "true believers" who clearly see the "truth and the light".  However, the underlying concept that the NRA is "counter-productive" (and thereby, by implication, undeserving of our support) is wrong.  I'll tell you why.
First, your position (along with others) seems to suggest that the battle to restore our "unalienable rights" can be won without compromise.  This position suggests that our Federal government and its Constitution were founded on "principles" that could never be compromised.
Obviously, Dave, history tells a different story.   After all, our founders, after engaging in a desperate struggle with the most powerful empire on earth over "principles" eloquently expressed in the "Declaration of Independence" instituted a government by ratifying a Constitution that codifies a "compromise" allowing slavery.  A Nation born on the idea that "all men our created equal" allowed a government based on the "constitutional principle" that certain "man" count only a as "3/5th persons" and "untaxed" Native Americans don't count at all.
Compared to the founders' "constitutional compromise" on "slavery", the NRA's giving ground on "Brady" in order to demand an "Insta-Check" and a "ban" on the government retaining records of purchasers is really quite minor.  Interestingly, by including these provisions in "Brady", we have today a situation whereby America's chief lawman, General Ashcroft, can insist that records illegally retained by the FBI for 180 (or more) days, must be destroyed with 24 hours under the "rule of law".  I see this as a "glass half-full", Dave, not "half-empty".  If the NRA did not have a place at the table to get demand this compromise, we would today be "truly" experiencing "totally unacceptable delays" in firearms purchases, along with a "permanent registry" of firearms buyers.  To think that "Brady" would not have passed, despite NRA opposition, without these important compromises is quite delusional, IMMHO.
The assault on Attorney General Ashcroft by "Constitutional zealots" is also quite delusional as well, IMMHO.  To say that one believes in the "infallibility" of the U.S. Constitution and therefore I condemn  the Nation's highest law enforcement officer for saying that he will serve his constitutional role by enforcing the law, is really quite illogical.  If you understand the Constitution, you will see that it did nothing more the "institute a government".  The form of government instituted was a "republic", a where everyone, "the People" as well as the "magistrates" must obey the law.
Our constitution established three distinct branches, each with different authority and responsibility.
Article. I. Section. 1. - "All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives."
Article. II. Section. 3. - "(H)e (the President) shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed..."
Article III. Section. 1. - "The judicial Power of the United States shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish."
Article III. Section. 2. - "(T)he supreme Court shall have appellate Jur  isdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and under such Regulations as the Congress shall make."
The Executive branch, of which General Ashcroft is a member, must "faithfully execute" the laws that are passed by the Legislative Branch and adjudicated by Judicial branch. When one of President Clinton's "White House Counsels" gleefully exclaimed, "Stroke of the pen, force of law, NEAT!" - we, the believers of Constitutional law, were justifiably horrified.  Why than are we so quick to object to the Attorney General when he states the obvious.  He MUST uphold the law.  He cannot on his own usurp the authority of either the Congress or the Courts.  In this he is living his oath of office and serving as an example of the kind of "true Original Intent" that has not been seen in Washington in at least 12 years, if not The fact that he bravely committed his Department to the "true" meaning of the 2nd Amendment as an "individual right" should be the cause of great celebrations throughout our country by those of us who believe that "the People" in fact means individuals.  Instead we "parse" his words and de-ride him for keeping his oath of office by "faithfully executing" the Federal code he inherited.  Shooting organizations should be today renaming "Practical Shooting Matches" after this courageous American and hero of the 2nd Amendment.
Dave, the undermining of our rights begins when governmental officials forget we have a government of laws.  Our founders thought that Congress, not the Attorney General should make the laws of our country.  General Ashcroft agrees.  Historically, the Courts determine the Constitutionality our laws, not the Attorney General.  General Ashcroft agrees. I think you should celebrate this victory, not commiserate when a public official recognizes it.
I am glade you still retain your "life membership" in the NRA.  However, as a member, I am not sure you can see how this GREAT organization fits in the scheme of the defense of our "unalienable rights" in the reality of 21st Personally, I believe neither the NRA, the Constitution, POTUS, the Attorney General, Congress, nor the Supreme Court have any bearing on the actual existence of any my "unalienable rights".  I sleep peacefully every night in the knowledge that while my government may have the "power" to kill me, it does not have the "authority" to "separate me from these rights".  In fact, I, myself, cannot even "give away" these "unalienable rights" if I wanted to - else they would not be "unalienable".
The struggle to insure these rights "politically" in the "good old" U.S. of A. must be fought on at least three fronts.  These fronts are:
1. The Judicial - overturning existing "bad laws" in the Courts.   This requires the nomination of good judges that understand the meaning of republic and the simple plan English of the U.S. Constitution.
2. The Legislative - passing new laws that correct existing "bad laws" and promote expansion of our 2nd Amendment rights to the States and local governments. This would be similar to the Civil Rights legislation of the 1960.  This requires electing good Representatives that understand the Constitutional limits imposed on Congress.
3. The Promotional - to insure the appropriate "public relations" climate to insure items 1. and 2.  This involves also election the "right" public officials to nominate the "right" kind of Justices and to pass the "right" kind of legislation.
I submit, Dave, that the NRA is carrying the battle on these three most effectively.  After all, being rated the "Most Influential" lobby in Washington indicates to me that the NRA is nothing if it is not effective.
To fault the NRA in the absence of a more effective means of defending our rights is quite easy.  If you analyze the "political" battlefield were meaning and effect of the 2nd Amendment as it stands today is being determined, you will find that:
1. Congress, as a whole, does not see the 2nd Amendment as do you or I, or the GOA, JPFO, COA, or the NRA, for that matter.  For this reason the NRA legislative strategy since 1968 has been a "rear guard" action.  Through "political compromise" they attempted (and for the most part succeeded) to blunt the more onerous Federal and State laws invading our 2nd Amendment 2. The Courts, in general, and the U.S. Supreme Court, in particular, do not see the 2nd Amendment as do you or I, or the GOA, JPFO, COA, or the NRA, for that matter.  Through lifetime, "good Behaviour" tenure, most judges are "immune" to "politics".  However, before their confirmations, the NRA can and does have some influence in the selection, nomination and confirmation of these Judges.  Additionally, in very well prepared and persuasive "Amicus Briefs", the NRA helps promote an "unalienable, individual" 2nd Amendment Right in the courts.   In fact, a fair reading of their Amicus Curiae in Emerson would indicate that NRA position on Lautenberg parallels mine (and maybe yours?) - (it can be read at:  ) - despite how you have painted it in your 3. The public at large ("the People" of the Constitution) generally does not see the 2nd Amendment the same as you or I, or the GOA, JPFO, COA, or the NRA, for that matter.  This is our "PR gap".  I think the NRA has been most effective on this front in the "battle", as well.  While accepting their inevitable defeat in Congressional on the "Assault Weapons Ban", in 1994 the NRA came back with a "vengeance" that helped account for one of the most historic political "turnarounds" in U.S. history, giving control of Congress to the more "2nd Amendment friendly" Republicans.  This caused our "true" enemies to institute those IRS audits about which you write in revenge for NRA part in their worse 20th Century political loss.
Do I wish we lived in a utopia where all gun owners truly understood their rights and voted?  You bet.  But the sad truth is, Dave, many gun owners haven't a clue, and many of those that do, don't bother to vote.  This is the "real world" in which the NRA is attempting to "hold the line".  Do they make mistakes?  Of course they do.  But on balance, IMMHO, without NRA we would be today looking at British-like total bans on all firearms.  If you are fair, I think you will agree.
While we need to help this organization to "stay on the mark", we also must recognize their tremendous contribution.  As such we must be careful not to destroy this truly effective and necessary organization, as we attempt to promote the "true" meaning of "unalienable rights".  I fear, my friend, that sometimes passionate words, even amongst friends and "true believers", can also be damaging and counter-productive.
One reason, Dave, I enjoy so much your "in your face" correspondence directed at the real "forces of evil" is the passion you display in "fighting the good fight".  I love the way you verbally "hold them by their nose while you kick their ass".  However, that said, I also think when addressing the "choir", some check on passion in the direction of presenting the "all the facts" might be the "order of the day".   While "tearing down" is sometimes necessary in order to "build-up", care must be used when instructing on "enemy recognition".
A fair reading of this latest epistle of yours has the NRA as the "enemy".  IMMHO, Dave, they are not.   If enough of NRA members that truly respect you take you at your word, serious damage will be done to the NRA and also to our "right to keep and bear arms".   If that happens, the opportunity to re-take our "rights" on the three fronts of the Legislative; the Judiciary and the Public Opinion will be lost leaving only one "Civil War" as the only available option.  I don't think I need to remind you, my friend, that the last "Civil War", killed more Americans that all the conflicts we were involved in - combined.
Remember, Dave, when it comes to "2nd Amendment rights", we will, in fact, "all hang separately, if we can't hang together".
Keep the Faith,
Neal J. Lang (Signed)
E-mail: movwater at bellsouth.net

@_date: 2001-07-30 20:59:54
@_author: Neal J. Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
Hi, Dave,
First the disclaimers.
 I don't know everyone on your list.  I went ahead and "replied to all" because I am assuming there is interest, and because it is my shady virtue that is being questioned here...:-)  If any of you have no desire to be part of this exchange, please accept my apologies for intruding into your e-lives.  Let me know and I will see that you are not included in further Frankly, neither do I.  They were all associated with the e-mails attached to your correspondence that I received from Pete.  I cc:'ed  Angel just to see if he was awake - he was!  I really don't mine letting everyone in on our thoughts, but only if you feel the same.
 I have added a couple other folks who I think may have an interest in this.  Again, if I am being presumptuous, please just send me a "drop dead" flame and  throw a brick through my window, and I will leave you off any future exchange.
Please do, by all means.  IMMHO, the more the merrier.
 I generally don't have a lot of time for back-and-forth one-on-one debating- I find my time more productively spent on my own agenda items, and what with all the other limitations and demands, I may or may not be able to get back to rebuttals or additional emails from others in a timely or comprehensive manner.  I sure don't want to get into an endless exchange over this, as there are so many productive venues.
I can readily understand, Dave.  It is a petty though, as you debate so well.   Please participate (or not) at a pace that makes sense to you.  I will always enjoy reading your correspondence, whether directed to me, or to other (more worthy) targets.  I am not "blowing smoke", Dave, I do so enjoy your passionate epistles.
My response follows.
Keep the Faith,
Let me begin by saying I do not consider your legitimate concerns to be a
flame.  I'm a big boy and can take my lumps, and you have been
most...ummm...politic in stating your reservations and explaining the
reasoning behind them.  You have a right to your say.  I'm also sorry if I
made you "sad."
I don't know if it's gonna be productive to take ALL the points of my piece
and ALL the points of your reply and interlineate comments and rebuttals.  I
especially don't think it would be a very interesting read- I think,
instead, it would quickly devolve into something fragmented, and very hard
to follow.  So I'd like to address this in generalities, with the further
qualification that I'm not out to try and score points at your expense, or
even to convince you that I am right and you are wrong;  I can walk away
from this knowing that we disagree and still think highly of you.  In fact,
I have heard the arguments you pose, in one form or another, before, so I
don't think my mind is going to change on this- and I cede to you the same.
I began talking about NRA ratings.  I think it has been pretty well
documented that they have on occasion given high ratings to politicians who
haven't necessarily earned them in the hope of establishing good will.  I
have also seen the opposite occur, that is, a 2nd Amendment champion like
Ron Paul being downgraded NOT for his stance on 2A purity, but rather
because he opposed legislation being promoted by NRA.  Surely, Neal, you
will not argue that Mary Bono is the equal to Ron Paul in terms of
Constitutional fidelity?  Pragmatism aside, which rating system do you best exemplifies original intent: NRA's or GOA's?  And would you at least
acknowledge describing Trent Lott as "stalwart"  on the 2A is, at best,
In re Mr. Ashcroft, I believe if you look again, you will see that I did mention him at all, but rather, composed my rant in response to a thread
that did.  I think the omission of his qualifying statement in re
"compelling state interest" in the official NRA journal has one of two
credible explanations: incompetence, or suppression of information.  As I
don't "know" why it happened, I really cannot speculate further in any
fairness.  That said, I do stipulate that he is no Janet Reno, and I am
encouraged by some of his statements, as well as disappointed by others.
You are correct that his proper function is to enforce the law; I would
submit that the supreme law of the land is clear, and that precedent
established in Marbury v Madison relegates anything in conflict with this
null and void.
In re NRA practices and tactics, I have never seen a stockholders' report a proxy ballot where management urged owners to vote AGAINST a slate of
candidates.  That such ads were paid for by private parties does not
diminish the fact that they appeared alongside official ballots.
In re gun laws that have been passed on the "winning team's" watch, you may
be right that we would have seen much more draconian increments had the NRA
monolith not provided a breakwater.  Then again, one can only speculate had
overreaching socialists tried compressing 25 years of citizen disarmament
into a shorter period; perhaps it would have horrified sleeping gun owners
and galvanized them into individual, spirited activism, and to organize
behind a fiercely uncompromising banner.  Perhaps this would have scared attackers off.  But we will never know- all we can see is what has
transpired, and I fear the heat has been turned up so slowly that the frog
may never escape the pot.
In re "Project Exile," I have not seen a substantiated rebuttal to any of
the points I made, especially in re the activist I cited urging that they
instead adopt "enforce existing violent crime laws".  So I'll just ask a
simple question or four: Where in the Constitution has the fedgov been
delegated the enumerated power to enforce ANY gun laws?  Wouldn't the
Constitutionally-consistent position be to repeal these laws? Isn't such
enforcement precisely what precipitated Waco and Ruby Ridge?  And if more precisely, would you and NRA management advocate enforcing existing
CITIZEN DISARMAMENT laws?
In re your premise on pragmatism and compromise, as you have pointed out,
our Constitution was ratified through exactly that means.  But the
compromise already happened.  I hear you about the Civil War, but have to
ask you at what point would you say such rebellion might be justified, and preferable alternative to tyranny?  Believe me, I do understand compromise
and do it every day, as do we all;  I think the difference here is one of
tolerance threshold more than principle.  And please don't think I am
offering my poor self up for comparison, but we need people to speak loudly
on uncompromised principle; you would not have urged Samuel Adams or Henry to moderate, would you, Neal?  And we know that the Republic we got
was nowhere near the ideal these men strived for, due to compromise, but hout their strident voices stirring sentiment in a sufficiently critical
mass, how much more might it have been compromised?
I don't know where your line in the sand would be to engage in civil
disobedience, or to physically resist, and I certainly would never presume
to challenge your convictions on that- but I am curious as to where exactly
you would say there can be no more compromise?  If you have read my stuff,
you'll see I'm pretty consistent at advising that  a time for physical
engagement is not (yet) upon us, as there are still means of redress
available; I therefore urge people to work within our system, not only
because it is pragmatic, but because it is a moral imperative that we
exhaust available resources before resorting to more drastic measures.
But as much of a firebrand as you think my rant made me appear, it is not I
who held a gun up in front of a crowd and challenged "From my cold dead
hands!" What do you think Mr. Heston meant by that?  Was it entirely
symbolic, or do you think he would urge NRA management supporters to shoot
and kill government agents attempting to disarm them?
By the same token, where I have engaged in civil defiance, I have done so
because the chances of such recourse are questionable, and the violation of
rights by "officials" has been so blatant and repugnant:
I believe, Neal, that right now, under certain circumstances, civil
resistance is warranted, and California's "assault weapons" ban certainly
seems to be a "reasonable" place to just say "no."  I don't so much see position as one of civil diobedience as much as obedience to the supreme of the land over an unconstitutional, thus null and void, perversion of the
law.  Yet it was NRA presenting the DoJ reps as people they can work with,
proud of their cordial relations, and mindful that the reps did not "have"
to come and address us- the folks whose leader holds up a musket and dares
you to kill him were facilitating our surrender without a fight.  But of
course the DoJ did have to be there- because they were there to dictate the
terms of our surrender, and they wanted desperately to convince us that were serious about enforcing this "law"- after all, they, again,
desperately, didn't want to see transpire exactly what has- massive
noncompliance, making them look impotent.  I am proud to have added my to this, and would be pleased no end to think that it may have given others
some sense that they were not alone,  that there is strength in numbers, that we must steel ourselves from caving.
Anyway, that's about all I'm good for on this- I wrote way more than I set
out to- I really don't like working this way, as I'm pretty anal about
revising and rewriting my stuff a jillion times before releasing it-  a I broke in the rant that precipitated this- but you posed some fair
observations and deserve to have your concerns at least addressed, if not
resolved.  I really don't know if I'll be up to another long rebuttal, so I
may or may not be able to give you satisfaction on future installments of
this thread- there is only so much time in my day for this, and I've just
exhausted it- tomorrow brings a new set of priorities.
But this has been good for me- extemporaneous responses help to hone our
skills against our mutual opponents.  Thanks for your thoughtful
correspondence and best regards.  I look forward to our continued
communications, and to hanging together, but not hanging together, if ya my drift...
David Codrea
----- Original Message -----
; ; ;
; Sent: Sunday, July 29, 2001 5:39 PM

@_date: 2001-07-30 21:29:02
@_author: Neal J. Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
E-mail From the Desk of Neal Lang
Hi, Dave,
Thank you for your prompt and thoughtful reply.  Sorry about the salutation NRA Candidate Ratings:
Rep. Ron Paul: Aside from reiterating that politics is based on the art of compromise, let me state that I was unaware of Congressman Ron Paul's (whom I consider a giant in the area of all rights, not just the 2A) NRA "B" rating.  I will of course query the NRA (as I do whenever I learn of such inconsistencies).  Not wishing to be seen as an apologist, I suppose they might suggest that Rep. Paul's opposition to a NRA supported Bill earned him such a grade.  After all, it is the NRA's rating system, so I suppose they can provide the criteria. Again, being unaware of the particulars (what Bill did Rep. Paul oppose? why? and why it was so important to the NRA?) would help my evaluation of this specific situation. On its face, let me express my disappointment (might I say sadness) in the NRA's chevalier treatment of someone I consider a hero.
Rep. Mary Bono:  In the Rep. Mary Bono rating, maybe I would chalk that one up to wishful thinking.  I believe her vote was reliable in Congress.  So, while perfection is reserved only for God and his Son, I might not be too worried about this particular rating.
Senate Trent Lott:  Here we agree, as I have long advocated the Senator from Mississippi be replace as GOP Senate Leader with the senior Senator from Texas.  I personally blame Senator Lott for the loss of Republican control of the Senate.  Not because he didn't "kiss Senator Jeffords' butt", but because he did.  A stronger performance on his part in leadership from 1996 - 2000 would have left less Republican carcasses on the ground after the last election, IMMHO.  That said, you don't get to be the "Most Influential Lobby in Washington" without "kissing some butt".  I guess a case could be made that the Majority Leader of the Senate is as good as any, if you really must "kiss butt".
Now, on balance, my friend, "like making sausage", effective politics "ain't very pretty".  I concede that sometimes the NRA "ratings scope" might beg for some "fine tuning".  However, to "rate" the NRA as the moral equivalent to HCI, BCPGV, or whatever "alphabet soup" the "forces of evil" have most recently metastasized into, really ventures way beyond "hyperbole", IMMHO.
IN RE Mr. Ashcroft:
I agree that you did not mention Mr. Ashcroft, while your "rant" (your word not mine - I prefer "passioned appeal") was at the end of a chain of e-mails that did (see cc:'s to my e-mail).  I, myself, do not know why the Editors at the NRA decided to leave out General Ashcroft's footnotes when they published his GREAT letter.  I concur it would have been much better to include said footnotes.
However, while you attribute this (oversight?) to some "dastardly plot" or "total incompetence", I am a little more charitable.  Maybe the journalists at the NRA thought including that the "Attorney General commits to uphold the law" was a little like publishing a story about a "dog biting a man".
I note that you loving cite "Marbury v. Madison" as establishing the supremacy of the Fed Law over all else (by the way, did you know some observers reference this case as the beginning of the "slippery slope" we are rapidly descending today).  Interestingly the phraseology "compelling state interest" comes from a long line of Supreme Court cases (mostly on free speech).  So the accusation against General Ashcroft seems to be that he is somehow violating Marbury vs. Madison by adhering to say Victoria Buckley, Secretary of State of Colorado v. American Constitution Law Foundation, Inc., et al. (1999).  This "free political speech" case turns on "compelling state interest".  Justice Clarence Thomas' concurring opinion uses that exact phraseology in its opening paragraph:
Justice Thomas , concurring in the judgment. When considering the constitutionality of a state election regulation that restricts core political speech or imposes "severe burdens" on speech or association, we have generally required that the law be narrowly tailored to serve a compelling state interest. But if the law imposes "lesser burdens," we have said that the State's important regulatory interests are generally sufficient to justify reasonable, nondiscriminatory restrictions. The Court today appears to depart from this now-settled approach. In my view, Colorado's badge, registration, and reporting requirements each must be evaluated under strict scrutiny. Judged by that exacting standard, I agree with the majority that each of the challenged regulations violates the First and Fourteenth Amendments, and accordingly concur only in the judgment.  (See the complete opinion at:   ase=/us/000/97%2D930.html )
I suppose in your U.S. of A. the Executive Branch officer, in this case the A.G. makes the call on Constitutionality despite opinions from the Supremes right on point.  I think that would violate the "Original Intent" big time, IMMHO.  I (politely) suggest that you re-read Articles I through III and see exactly what General Ashcroft took an oath to defend and preserve.
I think Karl Marx envisioned that wonderful utopia where everyone makes his own laws.  I believe they call it anarchy.  Going back to the basics, Dave, we must first understand why "men institute governments".  According to the "Declaration of Independence" it is to "secure these Rights".  What rights?  The "Natural Rights of  Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness".  That is the only reason for governments to exist (at least according to our founders).  Soooo!  The only acceptable "compelling state interest" must be related to securing these "Natural Rights".  Nothing else can be "compelling", IMMHO.  IMMHO, both Justice Thomas and General Ashcroft feel the same.
Would a future Supreme Court Associate Justice Ashcroft have adjudicated a future Miller v. U.S. differently than the 1939 Supremes?  I truly believe he would.  Will we ever get to find out?  No, that letter causing all the "weeping and gnashing of teeth" he wrote and shared with World probably ended any chance for his nomination to the bench, much less his confirmation.  Can you say BORKING!  What's more, I believe he knew it, but wrote the letter anyway, because it was the RIGHT THING TO DO.  That is courage, IMMHO.  Something we should be celebrating, not disparaging.
IN RE NRA practices and tactics:
Organizational politics are the pits, I agree.  When (way back in '06) I was State VP for the NJ Jaycees, I had a losing battle with one of my best friend (at the time President of my local Jaycees Chapter) over the State Presidential candidate to support.  He ended up having our Chapter support the WRONG (IMMHO) candidate, who lost, and thereby reduced the effectiveness of our Chapter in Jaycee State politics.  He promised to, and then reneged on, allowing me to address the Chapter's delegates before making the final decision on which candidate to support.  I haven't spoken to him since.  But as Chapter President he had the "power" to call the One of the reasons that the NRA is an effective organization, is because they know how to play "hardball politics".  Just ask Bill Clinton and Al Gore.  While it would be nice if "Robert's Rules of Order" applied to organizational "power" (control) politics, the fact is that they don't.  "Can't all we just get along?"
IN RE gun laws that have been passed on the "winning team's" watch:
Dave, the worst "Gun Law" passed in the 20th Century was the "Gun Control Act of 1968".  That passed in the form that it did because the NRA at the time (I was a member because I liked their magazine) was asleep.  After that wakeup call they have been pretty much on top of the game.  They know how to count votes as well (maybe better) than any party's "floor whip".  They know when to fight, and they know when to negotiate a "better deal".
"Galvanizing the gun owners" can be done, but I submit that it is BEST DONE BY THE NRA, IMMHO.  For example please see the 1994 Election.  Now if you are fair, Dave, you will agree that as far getting "gun owners" to the polls, the NRA is the real 800 lb. gorilla.  Getting the 80 million or so "gun owners" seems to be a real challenge.  After 8 years of the President, the AG (General Janet "Judge Dredd - I am da law" Reno) and their cast of thousands crapping all over the 2nd Amendment, I submit that in 2000 "gun-owner voter turn-out" was quite "under-whelming". Possibly a large number of them voted for Gore figuring he was just a "good ole boy from IN RE "Project Exile":
I have yet to see any NRA article, infomercial, advertisement, position paper or statement stating that "Project Exile" should "target" Lautenberg-type "firearms regulation violators".  If you know of any, please provide them to me.  When I queried the NRA on that very subject they stated that they believe that the purpose of "Project Exile" is to crack-down on felons illegally possessing "firearms".  I agree.  If there are felons working my neighborhood, illegally carrying a firearm, I would prefer them put-away, thank you very much.  Does the State have "compelling interest" in do just that?  IMMHO, YES.  After all the first "Natural Right" that government is "instituted to secure" is the "Right to Life".  If Mr. Felon is plying his "B & E" trade in my neighborhood "packing heat", I would be most appreciative of "Boca's finest" taking him "off the street" (on a gun violation) before he is surprised by my wife returning from the mall unexpectedly, and he shoots her to death.
I have no problem with that type of "Project Exile", Dave.  If you do, I guess we agree to disagree.  According to everything I have read about the NRA's position that is exactly the way they see "Project Exile" working.   CRIMINAL, not CITIZEN DISARMAMENT, Dave.
An indication that this tact on the NRA's part has been effective is the change seen in the opposition.  It's hard to find today calls for more "gun regulation" based on criminal miss-use from the anti-rights folks.  The new manta is "Firearms Safety".  Why?  Because the NRA has been so effective in undermining the illogic of new gun control legislation based on "criminal use" when current "criminal gun laws" on the books are not being enforced.  Americans can be quite logical sometimes, as polls on this very issue have shown.  Quite a clever and effective ploy on the part of the NRA, IMMHO.
As for Ruby Ridge and Waco, I believe that both cases centered on the "Firearms Act of 1934".  Pretty much a "tax evasion case".  The only case on the Act to reach the Supremes was Miller v. U.S.  The court did not exactly find the 1934 Act Constitutional, merely opining that the Feds could tax firearms of "no militia value" (in Miller's case a short-barreled shotgun).  I wonder how the decision would come out had Miller been caught with a Thompson?  Hmmm!  Of course that is the very thing Randy Weaver was indicted for - possession of an Untaxed (and Registered) short-barreled shotgun.  The Branch Davidians case may have also involved the 1980's ban on new "fully auto weapons", however, even though I believe they had a Class 3 firearms dealer license.   Personally, I think in both cases the government was trying to "take out" the suspects in order to avoid a possible challenge before the Supremes of these laws.
Allowing that the Miller Court never even looked at exactly where, under "Commerce Cause", the "Firearms Act of 1934" might fit, I would love to see the current Supremes take a case on this federal law.  Justice Thomas' opinion (either for the majority, in dissent or in concurrence) should be priceless, IMMHO.
IN RE your premise on pragmatism and compromise:
Dave, it real tough to talk about rebellion, when we can't even get our   "forces" to polls.  Lets look at both "slavery" and the "right to keep and bear arms".  One reason the 2nd Amendment was proposed and finally accepted to the Constitution is the concept that "you cannot make slaves of armed men".   This concept goes back at least to Aristotle and possibly further.  How does one justify a "unalienable right to keep and bear arms" for all men, based in part as a bulwark against "slavery", being included in a document that institutes a government that condones that very institution?  If anyone can answer that question for me, I would sincerely appreciate The fact is, Dave, whether I would ask them or not,  both Patrick Henry and Samuel Adams (as well as Tom Jefferson, and James Madison, and George Washington, and John Adams, et. al.) did compromise.  The "Declaration of Independence" was a compromise (Tom Jefferson wanted an anti-slavery statement but didn't get it from the Continental Congress).  The Constitution of the United States was a compromise. (Read the Debates of the Federal Convention at:  - to see how much a compromise.)  The "Bill of Rights" was a compromise.  James Madison didn't want them added to his Constitution, even after he proposed them.  (See Madison Proposal to Congress for a Bill of Rights at:   - to see how much its author I, too, consider myself a "purest" when comes to both "fly-fishing" (dry flies only, if the trout wont take dries - screw them) and "Natural Rights".  While governments are (should be) instituted only for the purpose of "securing the People's Natural Rights" they seldom, if ever, met this goal.  "Natural Rights" are not capable of being compromised, IMMHO.  Why?  "Unalienable" means that even you cannot give-up your "right to Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness".   How then can you compromise an absolute?  It would be like compromising on "gravity".  You or I just Where the compromise comes into play is in politics.  If the founders did not want politics (and compromise) to be part of the equation, the Constitution would have instituted a government based on a King or dictator, rather than giving all the power to the most political body - the legislature.  The question is where to draw the line.  Apparently the founders decided that the line could be drawn on the other side of slavery, because that is what they did.  This then begs the question, if the "institution" (slavery) can be compromised on, why can't the defenses against "slavery" - such as the "right to keep and bear arms"?  Again, we are confronted with a conundrum.  It is a political conundrum from a political document, the U.S. Constitution.
Being an absolutist on "Natural Rights" (as found in the "Declaration of Independence") helps.  But don't look for your "rock" in the "Constitution".  It ain't there in that "political" document.  That is why I have always contended that our "right to keep and bear arms" cannot solely rely on the "Parchment Defence" of the Constitution and the 2nd Amendment.  IMMHO, our strongest defence is in the words of Jefferson, not Madison.  We need to use our "Natural Rights" as the reason we must enjoy the "right to keep and bear arms".
As for "Civil Disobedience", the essence of which is, as both Gandhi and King would tell you, if you are prepared to be jailed for your beliefs.  I suppose I am.  I haven't been confronted with the opportunity, so I do not know how I would react.  It's "seeing the elephant".  I haven't seen war (civil or otherwise) so I really don't know how I would react when the bullets are flying, shells are bursting, and my friends are dying around me.  I like to think I would be brave, a hero even - but, in truth, I just don't know.
I concur (wholeheartedly) about continuing to work within the system.  After all, one of the "biggies" for the founders was "taxation without representation".  So far we can still vote for those guys that tax us beyond the "Medieval Serfs".  IMMHO, the "showdown" if (or when) it comes will not be over the "right to keep and bear arms" but over some other item (items) of individual rights.  You will note that none of the items included in King George's indictment in the "Declaration of Independence" includes "citizen disarmament" (although we know such took place).  The real challenge for us "gun nuts" is to insure that sufficiently numerous armed citizens exist if (when) the "scat hits the bladed cooling device".
As for Chuck Heston's (Moses?) gesture with a "musket", obviously it was symbolic.  Is he a true hero?  I think so.  His ideas and mine are pretty close, at least based on his speeches and his book (I have an autographed copy - To: "Smokewagon" From: "Chuck Heston").  I think he believes in freedom, Dave, no matter what he thinks about the AK47.  I believe many "pro-rights" people have attacked him unfairly.  It took real courage, IMMHO, for someone from Hollywood to get so involved in 2nd Amendment rights.  I think he did "the cause" a whole lot of good. I say, "God bless him."  Would he "go to the mattresses" if the need arose?  I really think he would.  He was, after all, already arrested for "civil disobedience" during "civil rights marches" in the 1960's.
As for "civil disobedience" regarding California's "assault weapon" ban, I suggest you use the General Ashcroft test for the Constitutionality of "Gun Control Laws".  That is does the State of California have a "compelling interest" in banning certain semi-automatic and ugly (in the eyes of the beholder) firearms.  Unless the Government of the State of California (Republic of California actually - see the U.S. Constitution) can show where such a ban helps "secure the People's Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness", such a law could be and should be the cause of "Civil Disobedience".  Go ahead, Dave, "Dump the tea in the harbor".  But be prepared, as the "Sons of Liberty" were, to "pay the piper".
Remember, however, Dave, based on the Constitution and Jurisprudence starting even before Marbury v. Madison, that only what the Supremes deem as unconstitutional is unconstitutional.  Remember, also, that the Supremes believe that privacy (arguably a civil right) trumps "Life" which is a "Natural Right", at least according to the "Declaration of Independence".  I would not be surprised that the Supremes might find that the State (especially Style-conscious California) would have a "state compelling interest" in banning "ugly firearms".  After all, they clash with so much of the really hip beachwear don't they?
While I really feel sorry for you guys in the "Republic (Peoples?) of California", I note that in the 2000 Election cycle "the People" (sheeple) of California decided (overwhelmingly) instead for throwing "the Oppressors" out - they would make rather us all suffer their same fate.  Hardly encouraging when you are planning a political turn-around, much less a successful rebellion, IMMHO.
Dave, while I am "four square" by your side in the idea that some "politicians" (oppressors) probably should be tried (due process by all means) and then executed, I am merely trying to raise the fact that "circular firing squad formations" may be hazardous to your health.
Please stay the course, my friend.  I will continue to read with much pleasure (and usually much amusement) your excellent verbal rockets.
Keep the Faith,
Neal J. Lang (Signed)
E-mail: movwater at bellsouth.net

@_date: 2001-07-31 00:55:54
@_author: Neal J. Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
E-mail From the Desk of Neal Lang
Hi, Dave,
Again thanks for the prompt and thoughtful reply.
the 14th Am- protect rkba and other rights, albeit they did it there selectively.  I'd like to see the DoJ prosecute a gov. agency for denying a citizen their 2A rights.  You can bet THAT case would make it up to SCOTUS post-haste. Don't think that's likely, due to "pragmatism" and "compromise".  I am heartened to see Metaja denied advancement- we shall see how they continue with Emerson, and if they pursue the current DoJ Is the 14th Amendment even valid?  I have seen some interesting evidence that says maybe not.  (See the Unconstitutional 14th Amendment at:  - for some real interesting stuff.  Apparently Herr Reno wasn't the first with the "jack-booted thugs"?)  ("Jack-booted thugs?" Hmmm!  Didn't Wayne LaPierre of the NRA make the phrase a National Cause Celeb?  Didn't George I burn his Life Member NRA card because of Wayne's use of that expression to describe our friends at ATF? Hmmm!  Not bad for a HCI clone!) Anyway, assuming it was correctly passed and ratified - now what?
According to the Supremes, Dave, apparently the rkba was not included in the "privileges and immunities" of the 14th Amendment (See U.S. v. Cruikshank at:  - this 1875 (post 14th Amendment) case recognizes the rkba, but not for blacks in Louisiana.)  You being such big a Supremes fan (e.g. Marbury v. Madison) this of must be the definitive answer for you.  All General Ashcroft can do is enforce the law, Dave.
The Congress must pass the laws; the Courts determine the constitutional limits of the law; and the Executive, through the AG, sees that the laws are "faithfully executed".  In order to prosecute, Dave, General Ashcroft needs a violation of the Federal Code.  Please provide the Federal Code cite, point out the errant governmental agency, and let's get the ball rolling.  I'll bet General Ashcroft will prosecute in a heart-beat if the facts are there to indict.
As for Emerson, if the 5th Circuit finds for Dr. Emerson (upholds the District Court decision) I hope DoJ pushes it to the Supremes, who must take the case, IMMHO, as the Circuits will then be disjointed on Worst scenario - the 5th Circuit overturns (I don't like the delay).
Next worst - the 5th Circuit upholds the District Court decision, and DoJ decides to drop the case.  If so, only those lucky folks in the 5th (Texas and Louisiana) can stop worrying about Lautenberg, the rest of us still will have it over our heads.
Best scenario - the 5th Circuit upholds the District Court decision, and DoJ (General Ashcroft) decides to push the case to the Supremes.  Of course this a "crap shoot" but I believe Justice Thomas will be writing a 2nd Amendment decision that will make Sister Brady find Jesus, IMMHO.  This would be the current DoJ position.  If General Ashcroft pushes it, I hope you cut him some slack because it will be almost impossible for the Supremes to duck this one.
Sorry, I must have missed it.  Did you include an interrogatory sign?
the cause is 'worthwhile', ie, taking a gangbanger off the streets, I am concerned more with the gov assuming powers that are not theirs- as heinous as the criminals are, they wreak nowhere near the human carnage and misery that governments unbound do- how much further down this slope are YOU willing to tolerate our descent?
Actually I do worry about Federalism, Dave, but you brought up Marbury v. Madison, not me. Frankly I believe a good case could be made that once "the People's right to keep and bear arms" was added to the Constitution, the "power" was "enumerated" then and there.  I believe this is exactly what Madison was so afraid of in adding the "Bill of Rights" in the first place.  It opened areas to the Federal government he never intended they would be allowed.  The originally limited Federal government now obviously has something to say about "the People's speech, religion, homes, papers, guns, presses, assemblies, etc., etc., etc." - there are Articles now addressing each of these areas.  Just look at the Federal Court cases now addressing these areas.  You (the big Marbury v. Madison fan) can't honestly say the Feds aren't SUPREME.  Be careful what you wish for, my friend, it might be granted.   We may not be able to put the genie back in the bottle, my Personally, like Madison, I believe the slope started with the "Bill of Rights", was greased by Marbury v. Madison and many of Justice Marshall's decisions, and really got into full descent with the Civil War and the 14th Amendment, followed closely by Sherman Anti-trust, et. al.  By the time the "New Deal" arrived, we already had an income tax, Dave, and we were pretty well "bagged and tagged".
Actually your idea of "Guns for Felons" will not make the top 10 of Pro-gun PR programs, IMMHO, my friend.  If the Constitution says "the People's right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed", there is also a corollary - that there just might be some (prisoners in Federal prisons, for example) that this could logically  be exclude.  So the Federal government makes laws to enforce same.  Once this begins, as it did in 1793, then obviously felons  might also be logically excluded.  That is, of course, unless you wish to promote a system "responsibility-free rights".  A convicted felon, Dave, displays a certain lack of responsibility, IMMHO.  I think that there just might be some "compelling state interest" in disarming such an irresponsible person.  Of course, "due process" should be the arbiter in establishing felonious behavior.  Also, I have no problem with a convicted felon having his rights restored.  Again, only following appropriate "due process".
A "compelling state interest" insists that if one is to have the "right to keep and bear arms", they should exercise same responsibly.  I think you will agree that irresponsible firearms use could prove dangerous to my, or your, or anyone's "Natural Right to Life". Walla!  The States has "compelling interest".
really really REALLY bad guys- but my point is, and you have not refuted it, they CAN be applied to anyone.
I believe Emerson shows that there are limits.  Can the government (Federal, State, and Local) disarm citizens?  Yes, Dave, it happens every day, with or without "Project Exile".  However, you seem to be concerned more about felons rights than you are about my wife rights.  She has a "Natural Right to Life".
The last time my house was "invaded" my wife arrived while the perp was still in the house.  He was armed.  Fortunately he bugged out the back door from our bed-room, while my wife was putting groceries away in the kitchen.  Apparently all my NRA paraphernalia laying around the house induced him to "beat feet". As much as you think this crack addict deserves the rkba, Dave, I can't see it.  The vast majority of "the People", including most gun-owners, feel the same way, I believe.  Your fight against "Project Exile" is really hopeless and totally counter-productive, IMMHO.  Worst of all it doesn't move the ball one inch forward.
going to be ever bound by the niceties of interpreting the application of their "illegal" laws according to how the NRA wants them to do it, does not compute with me.  I think your good intentions may just be paving the road to Hell here- probably not under Bush, but what about under Pres. Hillary?  Sorry, no matter the motive, I just don't think the ends justify the means If you continue to champion "gun rights for felons", Dave, we will probably see President Hillary.  Jumping up and down and shouting the government acts unconstitutionally is really not making your case.  To my knowledge "Project Exile" is a designed to take "armed felons" off the street.  Personally I like the idea.  If you have proof that "Project Exile" is really taking "honest citizens" off the street, by all means, please, present your evidence.  I will then join you in "jumping up and down and shouting".  But without such evidence, you have "No Sale" here, my friend. bring it up, let me add one qualifier- I hope you agree with me that their jury of peers should be fully informed triers of law as well as fact?
Just my, obviously poor, attempt a satire.  "Circular Firing Squads!"  Get the picture?  Everyone gets in a circle and shoots at the bad guys in the middle, but instead, causes many "friendly fire casualties".  I was alluding to how we can easily destroy our friends by such tactics.  Actually, Dave, equating the NRA to HCI is such a tactic, IMMHO.
I, too, agree in "jury nullification" of bad laws, Dave, as did our Shame, Dave, just when I saw the "light at the end of the tunnel".
Keep the Faith,
Neal J. Lang (Signed)
E-mail: movwater at bellsouth.net

@_date: 2001-08-01 01:13:03
@_author: Neal J. Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
Hi, Jonathan,
It takes a "big man" to see and then admit to his mistakes.  Now, if I only can get some of my other friends to see the light.
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Tuesday, July 31, 2001 5:19 PM
brian at citizensofamerica.org; cypherpunks at cyberpass.net; George at Orwellian.Org; freematt at coil.com; dial911book at yahoo.com; lrrankin at silcom.com; Peter Mancus (E-mail); Merrill Gibson (E-mail); 'Neal Lang'; David Codrea (E-mail)
 << File: ATT00000.html >> -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
The American Rifleman article with the complete text of the John Ashcroft letter re the second amendment is in the August 2001 issue on pages 62 and 63, not the July issue. My apologies for the mix-up.
