
@_date: 2015-12-08 06:27:18
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Donald Trump Wants to Shut Down the Internet 
[Hours after Donald Trump suggested the U.S. ban Muslims from entering the United States
the leading Republican presidential candidate said America should also
consider “closing the Internet up in some way” to fight Islamic State
 terrorists in cyberspace.
Trump mocked anyone who would object that his plan might violate the
freedom of speech, saying “these are foolish people, we have a lot of
foolish people.”
“We have to go see Bill Gates,” Trump said, to better understand the
Internet and then possibly “close it up.”']
Trump has finally jumped the shark.

@_date: 2015-12-08 22:49:59
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Wired Outs Satoshi? 
"In the last weeks, WIRED has obtained the strongest evidence yet of
Satoshi Nakamoto’s true identity. The signs point to Craig Steven
Wright, a man who never even made it onto any Nakamoto hunters’ public
list of candidates, yet fits the cryptocurrency creator’s profile in
nearly every detail. And despite a massive trove of evidence, we still
can’t say with absolute certainty that the mystery is solved. But two
possibilities outweigh all others: Either Wright invented bitcoin, or
he’s a brilliant hoaxer who very badly wants us to believe he did."
Previous candidates include Newsweek's expose on Dorian Nakamoto, and
the suggestion that our own Nick Szabo is the guilty party.
In other news, I just got one of the lovely new Bitcoin VISA Debit
Cards put out by Shift.  I can now spend my Bitcoins at 38 million
merchants worldwide.
Science marches on.

@_date: 2015-12-09 06:06:00
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Satoshi Hacked/Leaked/Hoaxed And Outed 
References: "Satoshi" just got raided by the Australian Federal Police, allegedly
for reasons unrelated to Bitcoin.

@_date: 2016-02-19 09:12:46
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: FBI tries to make Apple to facilitate timely brute-force 
References: <7A198354-3E9F-46A4-B041-16E5BCD22B2C
Of course, using 4 or 6 digit passcodes on the iPhone and then erasing
the encryption keys after 10 failed password attempts really isn't
security, so perhaps this is a bit too much drama over something
It's not like the FBI can't mirror the encrypted filesystem without
booting the phone, and then play with it in the laboratory and hack to
their hearts content, on much faster processors.
Only a password long enough that it can't be brute forced provides any
real security, and it will be interesting to see if the terrorists
cared enough to employ this option, or were lazy and just used a PIN
I therefore suspect this case is about whether the government can
force a company to write special software to assist in an
investigation.  In this particular case, 75% of the public is on the
side of the government, and it's an excellent opportunity to push the
envelope in the direction of obstructing the free use of strong
I wouldn't be surprised if the NSA has already cracked the phone, and
this is all just contrived security theater.
