
@_date: 2011-11-29 11:44:51
@_author: Matt Mackall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exactly how are satellite transmissions 
A security self-evaluation by a company's marketing department isn't
worth much.
Thuraya is a telecom company, which means the default assumption should
be that they:
- use poorly-implemented crypto that can be defeated by sophisticated
  third parties
- have built-in "lawful intercept capability"
- have extensive logging and data retention
- will hand this data over to authorities at the slightest provocation
The past decade has shown us the above is true of basically all
terrestrial providers, and there's no good reason to think satellite is
different. And there's no reason to think they've done a better job with
their crypto tech than the industry groups that created WEP and GSM.
No. The first two bullet points above (at least!) probably apply. The
only way for a private citizen to get assurances that are better than
marketing copy is to use open source tools that have survived the close
public scrutiny of the security community.

@_date: 2011-11-30 22:11:11
@_author: Matt Mackall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] DM-Steg - a deniable block device driver for Linux 
An interesting deniable filesystem implementation for Linux has recently
This looks well-matched to using with something like the Tails USB
distro: allocate half a gig of your USB stick for Tails, have Tails fill
the rest of it with random data on first boot, and now it's impossible
to tell whether you're using just Tails or have one or more hidden data

@_date: 2012-12-19 09:38:02
@_author: Matt Mackall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Quantum computation & communication 
Don't believe the hype.
Shor's algorithm for quantum factoring is a special case. With it,
future large quantum computers may some day be able to break today's RSA
and ECC, the two most popular schemes for public key encryption.
However, most other cryptographic schemes (including several other
public-key schemes) will NOT be rendered broken. Instead, they will
become as strong as ciphers with half the key length. For instance,
today's AES-256 will become as strong as today's AES-128. It is
considered very unlikely that there will be significant breakthroughs in
quantum computing theory to improve on that.
In short, given everything known today about the possible potential of
quantum computers, it is already possible to do all the sorts of things
we do with cryptography today in a way that is secure against future
adversaries with quantum computers. Unfortunately, "Quantum Computing
Not Really A Big Deal For Security" doesn't make for a very good
magazine article.
To give you a sense of how far there is to go for quantum computers to
be practical at breaking SSL, the largest number factored by researchers
with a "quantum computer" is the number 143 (ie 11x13), though there's
much debate about whether the approach used is actually "quantum". The
largest undisputed result is for the number 21, also this year, besting
the factoring of the number 15 in 2001. Needless to say, you don't even
need pencil and paper, let alone a quantum computer, to factor these
sorts of numbers. By comparison, today's typical SSL keys have hundreds
of digits.
The biggest risk is that the secrets you encrypt today with SSL or GPG
might be decrypted by a very rich, patient adversary 20 to 50 years from
now. That risk exists with or without quantum computers and I very much
doubt the NSA and friends see enough code-breaking potential in quantum
computing to be putting serious effort into it.

@_date: 2012-12-27 19:36:16
@_author: Matt Mackall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Travel with notebook habit 
Expect that if you're a target of state oppression that your laptop WILL
be taken away from you for hours at border crossings. This was a routine
occurrence for me between 2001 and 2006 or so. Fortunately for me, I
didn't warrant the big guns: the customs officers involved usually
reported their techs being completely thwarted/baffled by my Linux
However, it would be fairly straightforward to take apart a laptop,
install a hardware keylogger inside, and reassemble it in that sort of
timeframe, then recover your key and decrypt your laptop on your return
trip. So unless you have some sort of tamper-proof seals on your laptop,
you can't trust it once it leaves your physical possession.
Also note that encryption is NOT sufficient. Canadian customs officials
have demanded that I log in to my laptop so they could peruse my photo
collection (?!) as a condition of entering the country and/or being
released from customs. It's easy to imagine much more severe coercion if
the authorities are actually interested in your data. Not having a hard
disk is excellent defense against such coercive privacy invasions but
encryption is not. Since then, I've personally started keeping a dummy,
empty account on my laptop for basic deniability: nothing to see here
but my travel itinerary, can I go now?
But if the operational security or privacy of your laptop actually
matters and you must take a laptop, I have to agree with Jacob: don't
travel with your data. Same applies for cameras and phones.

@_date: 2012-01-29 17:52:12
@_author: Matt Mackall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] How secure is Bluetooth? 
Ok, so two academics in '07 get 90% of the way to a fully-working
attack, but are stymied by a silly timing limitation in the
software-defined radio they had on hand. They could trivially fix it by
dropping another $1k on a second USRP for leapfrogging to the next
channel, given that they _have exposed the hopping pattern_.
And you conclude... "not compromised". Huh.
I conclude "compromised for all practical purposes": I could take their
paper and $2000 and build a fully-working attack if I had the
motivation. As could any motivated interception capability vendor. Odds
that this capability already exists: rapidly approaching unity.
Also note that recording the traffic on all 79 3Mbit/s channels is
trivially within the capabilities of any organization that designs its
own hardware. This IC has programmable hop parameters and is < $5:
Slapping 79 of those on a board with a high-gain antenna and a USB
interface left as an exercise for the reader.
