
@_date: 2002-06-17 22:34:00
@_author: MR.MUYIWA IGE 
@_subject: SINCERE ASSISTANCE NEEDED 
I regret any initial embarrassment my letter might
cause you, as we have not had any correspondence before this time. My
name is MUYIWA IGE, the son of the slain Attorney General and Chief
Justice of Nigeria, Chief Bola Ige. I got your contact in my search
for a reliable and trustworthy partner who l can do business with.
I am contacting you in view of the fact that we will
be of great assistance to each other. I currently have in my
possession the sum of Forty-Five million US Dollars (US$45 million)
cash which l intend to invest, specifically in your country although
I do not know in which area yet.
This money came as a payback contract deal between my Late
father and a Russian Firm for a contract executed in the Country's
multi-billion dollars Ministry of Justice Complex in Abuja. The
Russian Partners returned my father's share of USD$45,000,000.00
after his death and it was lodged in my father's security company of
where l am director at the moment.
Now after my Dads burial on Friday 11th January 2002
and as the  son of late attorney General, the president and commander
in chief of the armed forces in Nigeria (Chief Olusegun Obasanjo) has
asked me to submit all documents belonging to the Federal Government
in my daddy's custody for easy assessment and replacement of the
Attorney General. In view of this, l acted fast to withdraw the
US$45,000,000.00 from the company's vault and deposited it in another
Security Company and marked it as film and film materials. I have
declared my father's Security Company bankrupt.
There is no record of this money traceable by the Government
because no document exists showing that we received the money from
the Russians.
Due to the current situation in the country, it has become quite
impossible for me to make use of this money within. This informs
my decision to transfer the money out of the country for investment.
Please contact me as a matter of urgency to enable us discuss this
transfer in details.
You are at liberty to discuss with me what your percentage share of
the funds will be.
Please reply by above email. Please do treat this as highly
confidential while you consider the proposal.
I look forward to a mutually beneficial relationship.
Best Regards
MUYIWA IGE
