
@_date: 2010-12-08 00:21:11
@_author: James Hess 
@_subject: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
Very little,  no, and no.
Not counting occasional application bugs that are quickly fixed.
Even TCP weaknesses that can facilitate attack are still present in
the protocol.
New vectors and variations of those old vectors emerged since the 1990s.
So there is an increase in the number of attack vectors to be
concerned about, not a reduction.
SYN and Smurf are Swords and spears after someone came up with atomic weaponry.
The atomic weaponry named "bot net". Which is why there is less
concern about the former
types of  single-real-origin-spoofed-source attacks.
Botnet-based DDoS is just "Smurf"  where amplification nodes are
obtained by system compromise,
instead of router misconfiguration,  and a minor variation on the
theme where the chain
reaction is not started by sending spoofed ICMP ECHOs.
Since 2005 there are new beasts such as "Slowloris" and "DNS Reflection".
DNS Reflection attacks are a more direct successor to smurf;  true
smurf broadcast
amplification points are rare today,  diminishing returns for the
attacker, trying to find
the 5 or 6 misconfigured gateways out there, but that doesn't   diminish
the vector of spoofed  small request large response attacks.
Open DNS servers are everywhere.
SYN attacks traditionally come from a small number of sources and rely
on spoofing
to attack limitations on available number of connection slots for success.
New vectors that became most well-known in the late 90s utilize
botnets, and an attacker
can make full connections therefore requiring zero spoofing, negating
the benefit of SYN cookies.
In other words, SYN floods got supplanted by TCP_Connect  floods.

@_date: 2012-12-18 01:32:56
@_author: Jimmy Hess 
@_subject: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if 
I'm not so sure about that.   It's a kind of physical threat;  the set
of all physical threats includes a subset of threats that are LEO
threats involving authorities and are related to (quasi-)legal
threats.  The law enforcement personnel may have been paid off by a
rogue party in the first place,  to seize and "misplace" the data
(E.g.  deny the legitimate principal access to it  for the purposes of
competitive advantage),  or to seize and "accidentally" leak the data
to overseas entity attempting to gain the data for economic advantage,
by taking advantage of insufficient security controls of the law
enforcement entity.
It obviously wouldn't work for all kinds of data, but;
even if it's not a 5th amendment issue;   E.g.  "required to reveal
your keys and allow the data to be decrypted";    the POSSIBILITY  has
to exist that that you can in fact know or recover the keys.
You can't testify against yourself, if you had your memory permanently
wiped in some manner,  so that you are incapable of ever recalling,
because "there's nothing there to present" ---   it doesn't matter if
there was no 5th amendment,  the fact your memory was wiped,  erased
the possibility of ever testifying.
If an automatic response to the security breach results in complete
reliable destruction of physical and logical devices absolutely
required to be fully intact to  recover the keys  and execute
decryption activity, then  "there is inherently nothing to provide",
once that occured;  the remaining option would be for the LEO to
dedicate massive computing resources over a sufficient hundred years,
to  discover the key through brute force key space search  of  10^77+
That's assuming no backups of the key  devices.

@_date: 2012-11-26 19:33:02
@_author: Jimmy Hess 
@_subject: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
Just about every new technology, IP itself included has privacy concerns,
related to it;  which is really just a fancy new name for security
concerns, regarding WHO is doing what things on the network.   That doesn't
mean you blacklist those technologies....   In fact, in some cases
_identification_ of network nodes is a very good thing.
I would like very much for spammers to be identifiable,  even at the
cost of some so-called "privacy"  (not that embedding IP location data
helps with that)....
Heck,  HTTPS has privacy concerns,  because it requires a certificate,
personal details of the server to operate.    I suppose it would be
rather interesting if the certificate contained GPS details as well,
if   end hosts' IP stacks were required to verify the GPS data is
either accurate or not present,   and SSL clients were expected to
validate that the details in the IP packets matched,  and if a list of
GPS positions was declared as a critical X509 extension.
Then a third-party hosting provider would not be able to be used to
spoof a HTTPS site (without the intruder gaining root access,  in
order to spoof IP packets).
The existence of  privacy concerns,  does not mean you hesitate to implement a
protocol in any way, shape or form.
Privacy concerns,mean you as a user of that technology, pull out your handy
dandy risk calculator, and weight the details carefully consider,
what the probability
and impact of the various risks actually are  -- what bad  things can actually
happen, if the detail X is exposed, and what (if any)  mitigations you
choose for
your  particular scenario.
Which will for end users typically involve setting a local policy such as:
  o  Don't turn on the "Populate Packet headers with Location data"
  o Don't stamp packets with location data, except  to trusted hosts,
    when stamped packets are sent with headers encrypted over VPN in tunnel mode
   o Introduce sufficient error, that the GPS data does not
significantly compromise location

@_date: 2013-09-08 10:04:36
@_author: Jimmy Hess 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Or there might be 2 good solutions for certain security functions around
$100.   And 10 different flavors of $90 snake oil,and plenty of $50, $100,
and $120 snake oil flavors. The world is full of salespeople and marketers;
 and the snakeoil  salespersons are just as great as the "good stuff"
salespeople  ----  also,  with more resources to devote to sales, than
engineering;  the snakeoil salespersons have more time and resources
available to look at their competitors' merchandising, and make the
snakeoil bottles on the store shelves are the ones that look the most
appealing to the potential buyers.
A wary buyer should not believe the salesperson, but demand a thorough
long-term critical review  (a 30 day demo of some product is not sufficient
duration to discover that it's totally bunk).
 2.  Security is *hard*, it is a negative deliverable. You do not know
This is because it doesn't make sense to say that security itself has a ROI
in the first place.
IT security is risk management --- therefore, in isolation security means
security is a way of mitigating fundamental risks  that are improbable
events that are
nevertheless certain to happen eventually (given enough time) that have an
average negative
There is a fundamental tradeoff between risk and return:  If you spend NO
money on security,
lawyers, to help structure the business to avoid liabilities,  and other
protections such as insurance
then you INCREASE return;  in the short term, you will most  likely have
much greater profit,
if you don't bother with any insurance, lawyers, or security.
It all works fine, until there is a disaster,  someone files a lawsuit,  or
you have a breakin.
For example:  by not purchasing insurance on your business assets;  you
avoid spending
insurance premium dollars.    This  increases how much money you make (your
as long as nothing bad happens.
However, not buying insurance, or not paying the costs of security greatly
increase the risk
that the business incurs a loss because something bad happens.
Furthermore,  spending a lot of money on security reduces return,  BUT also
reduces the risk.
Security does not have a ROI,  but it does have a tradeoff.
That tradeoff should be understood using the language of risk management,
not profit/loss.    And there is no reason people can't understand that....
after all;  they do understand,  what happens if you don't pay lawyers to
help your enterprises comply with the law, or draft successfully binding
You should expect to spend amounts on security per year, commensurate with
the costs of insuring
those data assets against the liability that would be incurred if they were
tampered with or leaked to the public;
granted,   plenty of orgs are much more likely to have an  internet-based
security breach than a fire or a flood,
therefore,  the risk you take on by not spending on security is possibly a
larger risk.
 2a. Most people don’t really care until they have been personally
Most people purchase homeowners' insurance.
Vehicle insurance is mandated by the state in many cases.
I wonder if someday; a similar per-PC mandatory purchase will someday be
required for computer security.
Yes.   This is a total nightmare.
Before  Joe consumer can send an encrypted mail; he has to either go to
some command line and gpg --gen-key
or go to  Xyz CA  corporation,  buy a personal SSL certificate for some
expensive per-year  premium    $10 or more...
and then go through a lot of trouble to figure out how to import that into
the browser, and manually repeat this process every 1 to 3 years  that his
certificate expires;  the process Joe  has to go through  to  S/MIME enable
every copy of his mail client on all his different computers,  and  his
webmail provider, is even more complicated.
Before anyone can send Joe an encrypted message;  Joe somehow has to  get
all his correspondents to manually import a copy of his certificate.
This is clearly miles outside the realm of possibility for the average
Windows user.
