
@_date: 1994-05-07 04:24:30
@_author: MAILER-DAEMON at grimsel.frcs.alt.za 
@_subject: Mail to N7SZS@k7buc.az.us.na 
You recently sent mail to N7SZS at k7buc.az.us.na.
This was routed to grimsel.frcs.alt.za, en route to Namibia.  However,
this machine has no record of the host in question.  If you think that
this host really does exist, and is a machine in Namibia, could you
please send mail to the administrator of the .NA domain, Dr Eberhard
Lisse (el at lisse.na).
However, the usual reason for such erroneous addressing is the use of
packet-radio addresses across the Internet.  Packet radio users have
decided to use NA (the ISO code for Namibia) for North America.  This
incurs great expense, as the mail travels half-way around the planet,
over expensive and over-crowded links that are paid for by comparatively
poor people in semi-developed countries.  If this is the case, please
make a _large_ mental nore never to do this again, and tell all your
friends not to as well.  Packet radio addresses are _not_ Internet
addresses, even if they look the same.  You may wish to try routing
your mail via "gate.ampr.org" (eg: user%site.na at gate.ampr.org).  Do
_not_ send packet-radio addressing queries to me, as I do not know
anything about this network, other than the headaches that it causes
for me.
Another problem that occurs less frequently is mis-spelling addresses
for sites in New Zeeland (.NZ).  If this is the problem, you will have
to re-send the mail to the relevant site, with the correct address.
We have also seen the occasional message escaping from JANET in the UK,
which has a reversed addressing scheme, addressed to machines in Napoli,
which come out as "user at it.whatever.na".  There is no easy answer to this one (other than teaching the rest of the world to drive on the left).
The mail headers from your message appear below, sans the body, to save
some bandwidth.  If you have further queries, please direct them to me,
paul at frcs.alt.za.  This message was generated automatically, so please do
not feel that you absolutely _have_ to reply with a "mea culpa" message.
