
@_date: 2012-08-06 15:53:15
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] What I've learned from Cryptocat 
Thanks, Moxie, for clarifying a lot already. I have some more things to add
as Cryptocat's lead developer:
This is a very misinformed blog post that's been going around concerning
Cryptocat's development roadmap that I need to address, simply because not
only is the post so fundamentally incorrect on its technical assumptions,
but it goes around being written in a surprisingly authoritative tone:
The blog post suggests that becoming a local browser app means that
Cryptocat no longer uses JavaScript cryptography. This is nonsense:
JavaScript is a *language*, and since browser apps/plugins are written in
an HTML5 framework, we will still be using JavaScript to implement
cryptographic functions. The only thing that has changed is *the method of
code delivery.* Cryptocat research, even with this change in code delivery,
remains within the purview of JavaScript cryptography research, not
abandoning it but improving it by suggesting a different method of code
delivery. The articles that the blog post links to attack JS crypto code
delivery methods, and we are answering those concerns:
 * We have NOT "Abandoned JS crypto" and "officially declared" that
JavaScript crypto is "wrong."
* We have NOT "declared that you cannot do serious crypto in pure
 * We HAVE simply changed the method of JS code delivery into a local
browser plugin, in order to further advance the security of JS
 I have absolutely no idea where the author pulled his conclusions from and
I'm really surprised as to how certainly he posits them in his blog post.
The author goes on to posit that a browser extension be used in order to
provide a standard cryptographic API for browsers. This is redundant for
two reasons:
* The W3C is already working on a standard cryptographic API for browsers:
 (Cryptocat is part of this working group.)
 * There exists a variety of vetted, very well-designed standard libraries
for client-side browser crypto, such as  When writing a blog posts that takes ideas as granted facts, please make
sure you know what you're talking about.
On Sat, Aug 4, 2012 at 12:58 PM, Moxie Marlinspike
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-07-31 21:03:03
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Comments from Chile 
I am a lead developer from the Cryptocat Project. Responding to the claim
that Cryptocat chats have been transcribed:
   - It is overwhelmingly likely that local spyware/keyloggers would be
   responsible for the transcription. This scenario is rendered highly
   plausible due to the mention that the computers were previously
   confiscated, allowing for spyware to be installed to capture
   screenshots/keystrokes/etc. While this is outside of Cryptocat's threat
   model, it is still an unfortunate threat to many, and we will be responding
   by including a tutorial on how to use Tails  in
   conjunction with Cryptocat in order to mitigate this threat.
   - As an ancillary measure, and even though a non-spyware compromise is
   relatively unlikely in this scenario, we will be rotating all of our keys
   (SSL and otherwise) within 48 hours.
   - As an ancillary measure, we will be studying our network for evidence
   of compromise, and we will be migrating our servers to Iceland simply
   because we can and it's likely to be a good idea in the long-term.
Furthermore, I would like to mention that the Cryptocat Project's next
major release, Cryptocat 2, which is scheduled this month, will be deployed
in a largely decentralized fashion, getting rid of the server as a possible
compromise point. More information can be found at the Cryptocat
Development Blog: Given the circumstances of this particular incident, I believe that this is
very likely a local spyware compromise. However, due to it being easily
within our capacity to take thorough measures, we will.
Warm regards,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-11-11 20:15:12
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Silent Circle Going Open Source 
A huge thanks to Silent Circle for doing the right thing!
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-10-11 14:24:54
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Silent Circle Dangerous to Cryptography 
His entire IP block is connected to servers in the United States. I am
very skeptical of that claim. Furthermore, this is nonsense; the issue
isn't being protected against *one* country's subpoena, it's being
protected against *any* subpoena.
The closed-source nature of the software makes pushing
government-mandated backdoors incredibly easy and extremely difficult to
detect if done right. This is a tall claim not backed by evidence or the
possibility of review.
...unless they're served a court order, in which case Silent Circle will
either implement a backdoor or go to jail, thank you very much.
Skype, too, says that its code is available for audit, and then only
lets a single academic audit it via an auditing that they themselves
fund. This is likely PR; I will not be satisfied unless anyone can
audited the code, and the source code is kept updated with every new
This is just really scary -- a piece of closed source, unaudited,
unverifiable software that costs money for corporations, but is free for
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-09-21 19:27:20
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Cryptocat 2 Alpha Released 
Dear friends,
The first Alpha build of Cryptocat 2 has been released today in the form
of browser plugins for Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.
You are strongly invited to test out the builds and report any:
The builds may be downloaded here:
To load the extension in Chrome:
To load the extension in Firefox:
Please enjoy and let me know what you think!
Warm regards,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-02-05 22:29:49
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Chromebooks for Risky Situations? 
Dear LibTech,
I'm frankly not sure about this idea, it may certainly be a bad one, but
I've been using a Chromebook for almost a week now, and I've had some
observations regarding this device. I'd like to discuss whether it's a good
idea to hypothetically have Chromebooks used by activists, journalists,
human rights workers and so on, as opposed to laptops with either Windows
or Mac OS X running on top.
First, the security and operational models are very interesting. In fact, I
think this is probably the most secure end-user laptop OS currently on the
mainstream market. Namely, Chromebooks use verified boot, disk encryption
(with hardware-level tamper-resistance,) and sandboxing. This compounds
with a transparent automatic update schedule from Google's Chrome team,
which already has (from my experience) a truly superb reputation for
security management. I'm looking at you, Adam Langley!
The operating system itself is minimal. There is *much* less room for
malware to be executed or for spyware to embed itself on the OS level. The
difference in attack vector size between Chromebooks and Mac OS/Windows
appears phenomenal to me. Of course, Chromebooks still have a filesystem
and users are allowed to plug in USB drives, but due to the minimal nature
of the operating system, its highly unusual strength of focus on security,
and its relatively new nature, even malware delivered from these mediums
may end up being much less common than in other platforms (Windows/Mac).
I also feel that the minimal nature of Chromebooks leaves security
considerations out of the way while offering an interface that is
accessible to activists and journalists around the world. This
accessibility is also a security feature! (I've long argued that
accessibility should be considered a security feature.)
Now, for the obvious (and unfortunate!) downsides: Chromebooks natively
encourage users to store all of their data on Google, leaving the company
with an unbalanced amount of control over these machines, and attracting
itself as a compromise target relevant to Chromebook users. Another
downside: No Tor. No PGP. No encryption software. Cryptocat is available
for Chrome OS, but I can hardly say that's enough at all!
The restricted, minimal nature of the operating system and the
security-focused design of both the hardware and boot process are really
appealing to me, and are the brunt of what makes me write this email.
Should Chromebooks be recommended for activists and journalists in
dangerous situations?
As I've disclaimed above, this is only a theoretical discussion, please
feel free to disagree and don't take me seriously just yet. :-)
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-02-27 05:47:51
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Mexico's most vulnerable reporters lack 
That's incredible. I honestly did not know any of this. Drug lords in the
Middle East aren't half as terrifying.
With this kind of terrifying landscape, what accessible technology could
possibly secure the communications of Mexican journalists against not only
interception, but against their own future torture and other such
ancillary, surrounding threats that may be borne from using encryption?
This situation is so awful that we security people should add it to our
repertoire of absolutes ("will this survive NSA intervention?" "will this
survive Mexican drug cartel intervention?")
They really add to the threat landscape by being not only more unbridled
and omnipotent than a bad regime, but not even subject to the smallest
shred of responsibility in terms of governance and stability. Even the
worst governments still are.
 I don't know what on earth Mexican journalists are supposed to do when
confronted with such an absurd threat landscape.
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-01-04 03:09:41
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Another CA Compromise: TurkTrust 
Another CA has been found issuing SSL certificates for Google services.
Mozilla has acted on the issue:
The weird thing is that it's starting to appear less and less crazy to just
get rid of the CA system and replace it withb& nothing. What do you guys
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-01-12 22:52:42
@_author: Nadim Kobeissi 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Tragic News: Aaron Swartz commits suicide 
I've written a blog post inspired by this: Why Young Hackers Are Killing Themselves
bThe hacker community needs more mutual support, empathy, and
forgiveness. The cattiness and paranoia serves no one but those with
the most resilient egos.b
This quote was sent to me just five days ago by an old friend. The
conversation we were having was one of reconciliation, and I had
half-jokingly blamed being part of the hacker community as the reason
why I can be so abrasive sometimes. But there was no humour in what
she answered. That quote was exactly true.
There are sometimes a couple of blog posts, a couple of discussions on
some social, behavioural issues we may have in hacker culture.
But there havenbt been discussions as to why young hackers, especially
those striving towards new methods of sociopolitical change, are
killing themselves. And there was no discussion as to whether the
hacker community itself might have something to do with it.
I cannot speak for Aaron Swartz. I knew Aaron only briefly and
distantly. But Aaron Swartz wasnbt the first. There were other
suicides: Ilya Zhitomirskiy, the co-founder of Diaspora. Len Sassaman,
the renowned cryptographer. They are united with Aaron Swartz via
their goals, their methods, their drive and their youth.
The hacker community is plagued, and our plague is a plague of
ruthlessness, of a lack of mutual reinforcement. A plague of keeping
up appearances. A plague that has managed to convince us that seeing
people and their efforts in black and white is alright. A plague that
makes us believe that personal attacks are valid against hackers,
programmers and entrepreneurs we donbt agree with, that defamation and
harassment are valid weapons when our online personas are attacked,
when therebs a project we donbt like or that we feel somehow threatens
us. And the harassment can be ugly. It can be pervasive, as if those
committing it see their target as part of a video game that they just
know they can beat. It can involve race, sex, and intense gas-lighting
and demoralization. Itbs a plague that makes us all busy in regular
part-time, making each other feel like failures. Criticize ideas, not
Hackers are unique in that for some, federal subpoenas are a fact of
daily life. Handling zero-days that can bankrupt corporations may
happen weekly, amongst many other surreal, Hollywood scenario
On top of this, the community is not supportive, but jealous. Not
empathetic, but insecure. Not forgiving, but spiteful. Hackers, all
together facing the same surreal problems that alienate them
permanently from the rest of natural society, find themselves stuck in
a bubble of self-destruction and self-deprecation. This is what drives
young hackers to kill themselves. This may not have been what drove
Aaron Swartz specifically, but it is a contributing factor and a
serious problem in our community.
Criticize ideas, not people. Stop it with all the lip service. Public
discourse of the most difficult issues has largely only been elevating
the jealousy, insecurity and spite. Endless discussions without any
reconciliation as our community so slowly falls apart.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
