
@_date: 2015-05-26 14:10:26
@_author: Nadine Earnshaw 
@_subject: Basic income (was) Re: noscript is 10 years! 
blockchain and how it could be used against the masses is
whichever addresses you use for business purposes or 
away from an annual audit and if you do transactions with non
registered addresses then what?
the Orwellian land of 1984
was tracked how would you even get around that?
buying jewellery I guess that just gets lost
----- Original Message -----
Sent:Mon, 25 May 2015 18:11:03 +0100
 Blind signature scheme to guarantee person:income-key correspondence
without breaking the privacy of who each represents? However, you'd
need to give each person as many signed private keys as transactions
they're likely to use each income-cycle to avoid spending-correlation
  NYT today has book review on gradual replacement of humans
 by robots, a beloved investment of those at the top, so John Deere
 Shame no one properly broke the last 3-5 messages off into a
 separate thread when it went off noscript.
 What will happen to the 7000000000 unpaid system redundancies?
We don't need the money, the money needs us, and I expect something
6,999,999,900 redundancies will suddenly find themselves with various
of basic income guarantees once the money finally figures ou! t it's
itself out of job, and realizes it needs to start giving the HCF
confinement farms) money or humans are going to stop spending it, and
my friends, would be the end of money.
What's important for this cypherpunk is to figure out how to make sure
we have
alternatives and free choice to leave the HCFs and choose among many
basic income systems, or make the choice to not use money at all.
Are blockchains a reasonable thing to build a basic income system on?
How do
you ensure a blockchain private key is held or controlled by only one
so that one cannot simply create many anonymous IDs and collect
several hundred
basic income guarantees? It seems there must be a human factor, and something that looks a lot
like a
government, but I can't quite wrap my head around how to make sure
each of
those 7e9 redunancies can only create 7e9 basic income generating
accounts, anddo a moderately good job of identifying and stopping
those that try to collect,
via force, coercion, or deceit, more than their share of basic income.
 --  Sent from my Android device with K-9 Mail. Please excuse my brevity.

@_date: 2016-07-12 13:34:51
@_author: Nadine Earnshaw 
@_subject: The Moon landing again - Fw: Neil Armstrong's Watch [Was: Boots] 
with the number of staff that work at nasa how exactly would it be
that they were all in on the conspiracy?way too many people to have
such a thing pulled off in secrecy
----- Original Message -----
Sent:Tue, 12 Jul 2016 14:09:42 +1000
 > > This massive thrust would have blown the dust away from the
landing area
 > > creating a massive dust cloud, so why was thick dust still on the
 > > and no massive dust cloud? Please explain NASA.
 >  >  > Coulda woulda shouda... All I know is my dad, as mentioned
 > worked for NASA as a tech writer coordinator and also worked the
 > and Apollo series. As a keepsake, he gave me one of those "Omega
 > Watches" that were mementos for mission workers. It wasn't a retail
 > distribution which were all self-winders. It was an old fashioned
 >  > Why? They didn't know if a self-winder would work in Zero
 >  > WHO ON FUCKING EARTH would bother to create a hoax so complex you'd
 > to do that to cover your ass?
 Certainly not a retailer acting in naieve self interest, and who has
 inside access to the set being used to fake the landings and moon
 films.
 > Rr
 > Ps. the watch didn't keep time worth a shit and I sold it to a
 > for a couple of hundred dollars.
 PS No one said Omega watch company was in on the conspiracy! Who on
 firetrucking earth would bother to consider they were?
