
@_date: 1996-06-07 11:49:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Electronic Signatures 
Some of the other info in the AP article seems to be coinciding with discussions on the list, so heres a less condensed version of the article. Are we still within the limits of the copyrights?  God i hope so. :) ---------- Forwarded message ----------
TAMPA - Flroida now recognizes electronic signatures as legal and binding, however, working out the logistics to implement the new law may take some doing.
process saves time by using a computer to handle notary duties that used to be done by hand. he expects the mechanics of electronic certifaction to become
simple enough for everybody to use.
thinking or knowing how it works," he said.
International Business, is among a pool of experts Florida Secretary of State Sandra Mortham is expected to call on to set up the state's emerging electronic signature certifacation process.
signed, but Barassi and others say it probably will mean coding the text and typed signature so they cannot be changed by anyone other than the expert on the subject, Gene McGee, envisions a central database that tracks coded computer signatures for individuals and businesses. lawyers could make the state a mecca for international trade, McGee Its kind of scary when the best minds the state could find are so obviously without a clue. One of you politically involved folx could dig up addresses for some of our mis-representatives and forward them discussion from this list, maybe. :)

@_date: 1996-06-09 08:04:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Electronic Signatures 
I suppose that I'll have to trust you on this score, and hope that you're correct.  Unfortunately, however, even if you are correct, it doesn't mean that the law that eventually makes it through commitee will provide any useful guidelines.  But this thread has decended to noizes, so I'm out.

@_date: 1996-06-30 07:30:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: nym.alias.net 
Yes, nym.alias.net is anon.lcs.mit.edu.  As for whether the operator is trust-worthy, this is really a pointless question. With a properly implemented nym, the NSA themselves could be the host of your nym, and they still couldn't connect your nym to your true email address.
All that is required is that at least ONE of the remailers in your reply chain be trustworthy. The nym server stores only a list of nym's and the associated reply-blocks. Your reply block should have an absolute minimum of 2 hops, and each hop should be seperately encrypted with the key of the particular remailer. In this manner, even a corrupt nymserver would only be able to discern that a particular nym was using remailer X as its first hop. The eventual destination would be encrypted with the other remailer's key.  In order to compromise your nym, an attacker would need to compromise not only the nym server, but also all of the other remailers in your chain.
Persons sending mail to your nym should also use a chain of remailer's, if you are concerned that the nym server is interested in who is sending mail to which nym.
It may be helpful to have a seperate public/private PGP keypair for your nym, which is available for those wishing to send mail to your nym. Encrypting all trafic across the nymserver would protect the contents from eavesdropping, even if the nymserver has been compromised.
