
@_date: 2001-07-31 11:19:45
@_author: Neal Lang 
@_subject: You really got to love the new AG 
privacy officer for the Justice Department and said that person will take a
hard look at Carnivore, the FBI's electronic E-mail eavesdropping device.
Ashcroft tapped associate deputy attorney general Dan Collins to serve as
CPO for Justice, to "provide advice to senior department officials on
privacy-related legal and policy issues," according to a statement. Collins
will examine issues such as the privacy implications of law-enforcement
technology, the Justice Department's obligation to protect the privacy of
the information it acquires in its operations, its responsibility to protect
personal privacy from unlawful invasion, and new legislation or regulations
regarding privacy. Also, Collins will study DCS1000--the official name for
Carnivore-and make recommendations about the need for modifications to the
system. This guy's no slouch: He graduated from Harvard summa cum laude, got
his law degree from Stanford, clerked for Supreme Court Justice Anthony
Scalia, and served as assistant U.S. attorney in Los Angeles prior to
working at Justice.
released last week by security service provider Vigilinx about the risks of
doing business in Russia. According to what Vigilinx describes as a
"threatscape" assessment of a three-year period, security risks in Russia
have escalated since 1996, when then-president Boris Yeltsin ordered top
state officials to close the technology gap with the West. According to
Vigilinx CEO Bruce Murphy, the Russian government "advocates industrial
espionage to close the technological gap with Western economies." The report
says highly developed espionage and sabotage techniques are a Cold War
legacy. The government controls almost all electronic paths in and out of
Russia, the study says, and electronic monitoring is a fact of life. That
means "the possibility that U.S. firms are already under active surveillance
by Russian special services is very real."

@_date: 2001-07-31 13:40:14
@_author: Neal Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
valuable time.
because he wanted off.
how 2A was integral to it, and how the incorporation doctrine flies in the
face of its framers.  We can speak theoretically of how it may not have been
properly ratified, but it is legally recognized in the here and now, and
until it is overturned or repealed, it is something the AG, as you point
out, is compelled to uphold.
"compelling state interest".  I get the impression, David, that you like to
"pick and choose" your principles of established law.  I am afraid while you
can General Ashcroft can't.
cited one important quotation from it that had relevance to the topic.  That
quotation could have come from Dred Scott as far as I'm concerned and it
would still be true, even though the decision of that case was repellant.
points, David, is that when you cite one you really need to be prepared to
defend it.  Chief Justice Taney's decision in Dred Scott, for example, would
not have been possible but for the political compromise that was the U.S.
Constitution. (See Dave Kopel's "Dread the Dred Scott Reference" at:
  - for more
information on citing the Supremes.)  Once you have established an
anti-Natural Right premise that man can be chattel, then any Court decision
is possible and likely, IMMHO.  to use a gun in a crime and not get punished big time.  This is a
misinterpretation of my arguments, as my concern was for people like you and
I getting caught up in the enforcement of existing gun laws, which are and
remain, as I pointed out earlier, EXISTING CIVILIAN DISARMAMENT laws.  I
didn't say PE WAS  taking honest citizens off the street, I said that once
you open the door to these kinds of laws, enforcement can reflect the
policies of the administration in power, and that once you tolerate
usurpations of power, important checks against abuse have been ceded.
how you seemed to have no problem with "heat packing" felons.  Obviously I
see now that you would prefer that they must leave them home when they go to
work.  Possibly I mistook your passionate attack against using the existing
the Federal Criminal Code's prohibiting felons from possessing firearms to
mean more to you than it does.  Of course this begs the question, "Can the
government (Federal or State) prohibit felons from possessing firearms at
all?"  Exactly where do you stand, David, on the issue and why?  If you
agree that the State can and should, why not use such existing laws to
separate these felons, who infringe on our rights, IMMHO, from society?  If
not, than it logically follows that you favor the right of felons to "keep
and bear arms", doesn't it?   If there is a third (or more possibilities),
please enlighten me.  Oh, sorry, you did say you wouldn't be back, didn't
you?  I suppose this burning question will hang there unanswered for
I merely suggest that we can do this without violating the Constitution.
For starters, we can all; be safer against predators if we repeal, instead
of enforce, unconstitutional gun control laws, as all they do is make it
safer for the criminals to operate- isn't that superior to eroding our
mutual (and as you pointed out) inalienable rights?  society after Constitutionally acceptable "due process".  Repeal all those
DUMB "gun control laws" that infringe on the right of "responsible" people
"to keep and bear arms".  Now, that agreed, exactly where do we differ from
the "gospel according to Moses"? firearm on school grounds, and concealed on her person, School, its my daughter-in-law, who teaches in a inter-city public school,
that I am most concerned about in regards to the so-called "Safe Schools
Act".  This Christmas I got her petite Berretta small caliber pistol for
self-defence.  I advised her to carry it (if possible) and worry later about
"being judged by 12, instead of being carried by six".   Interestingly, the
Federal "Safe School Act" was properly disposed of by the Supremes
(over-reaching commerce clause application instead of 2nd Amendment, but it
works for me).  The Florida statute cover the same issue is still in affect.
However, juries and judges in Palm Beach County (believe or not), where both
my daughter-in-law and I live have had enough good sense to "jury nullify"
this State law in cases involving obvious self-defence situations.
be semiautomatic, and even be newly purchased even though it is on a federal
"ban" list.  Rifles" and "Trench Brooms") and "crew served" weapons are not
"unreasonable", as well.  After all, just how are we propose to effectively
operate under a Congressionally granted "Letters of Marque and Reprisal"
(U.S. Constitution - Article I Section 9 Paragraph 3) if our privately owned
vessel don't "sport" privately owned "crew served" weapons?  (See:
- for the 2nd Amendment implications.)
in a fight and was convicted of misdemeanor assault.  that certain irresponsible conduct might not limit the exercise of rights in
specific cases.  You seem to be ready to disconnect responsible behavior
from the "right to be armed".  I am not ready to go so far.  I believe that
a "blanket recognition" that the rkba can be suspended for persons that
demonstrate irrational or irresponsible behavior is possible.  This could
possibly reach the level of "compelling state interest", IMMHO.  Would I be
upset if such laws, especially any Federal laws, should be over-turned or
legislatively repeal?  Most likely not.  However, I believe all "Civil
Rights" require a moral people to exercise them responsibly.
can carry federal penalties.  I don't want to infringe on her right to keep
and bear arms, nor allow the feds to have that power, especially when the
proscription against them doing this could not be more clear. That said, I too believe in an "unalienable right to keep and bear arms" as
long as it is done responsibly by responsible people.  James Madison would
agree with me on this, David, I think.
do this?
evidence of government abuse in existing "Project Exile" efforts.  Instead
you have elected to challenge me to "prove a negative".  Which, of course,
is quite impossible, as I am sure you are aware.  While I understand that
"the price of liberty is eternal vigilance"  and that the Russians
(Chinese?) might in fact be coming, I do not plan on leaving work today and
going home to load-up my "trusty .06" and head for the beach with my
entrenching tool.
Exile" appears to bordering on real paranoia.  You being an "inmate" of
California I can possibly understand why.  Can governments abuse their
power, sure, it happens all the time.  However, carrying this logic to YOUR
CONCLUSION I guess we need to disband our armed forces because they may be
(have been) "used to abuse" by our evil government.  your above challenge, David, might be - "If the government lets the People
keep and bear arms, can you guarantee the People will NEVER abuse this
right?"     that NRA INTENDS that PE will only affect "those people", but you have
failed to demonstrate how NRA will have any say in the matter should
political power shift dramatically to the Democrats.
having a say should the power shift, I think your efforts to undermine the
NRA may be your self fulfilling prophesy (fantasy?).  Keep trying to weaken
the NRA and you may one day be able to say  - "See, Neal, I told you so,
those Socialist are in power and all our rights are history."  Personally,
while they may have some warts, I believe that the NRA is best and "Most
Effective and Influential" game in town when it comes to protecting my
"right to keep and bear arms." the heck did you get THAT impression?) against Project Exile is either
hopeless or useless, especially judging from the gun rights leaders who have
signed the denouncement statement on keepandbeararms.com.
  They
represent some of the finest intellects and activists in the rkba community,
and you cannot ignore them or their concerns if you hope to be either
effective and innovative.  Why on earth would you want to?
actually.  Even the founders where sometimes wrong, my friend.  I submit as
proof the Constitutional's enshrining of the institution of "slavery".  I
don't ignore you or them, David, and I do respect all your opinions.  I just
believe you (and they) have been blinded by a paranoia that might be
justified, however, I see no proof of the any alleged abuses forthcoming.
Can "Project Exile" be useful in our on-going struggle to "secure these
rights"?  Yes, I truly think so.  As a matter of fact - rather than continue
our dialog where I ask you questions you wont answer, and you ask me
questions that no one can answer, possibly an essay extolling the virtues of
"Project Exile" is in order.
of this tunnel. There will be more back-and-forth and more debating, and
more time composing answers and rebuttals and counter-arguments and
"gotcha's", but I don't see either one of us budging from our original
doing point-counterpoint with you, but  I don't see where it's gonna get us.
It takes time away from too many other things that I have already
prioritized.  So I hope you understand that I need to back off of this- I
think I was pretty up front about that from the start.  I don't think anyone
can accuse me of ducking anything, but I'd appreciate it if we could just
agree to disagree on this and call a truce.  ignorance and so little time."  I guess you're right - honest and open
debate never settled anything.  Just look how badly those dastardly
"Federalist Papers" mucked things up for us.  of the "glass".  I see it as "half-full".  While you, my friend, see it as
"half-empty" (or maybe "completely empty"?).  I suppose this defines the
perspective of the "Classical Liberal" versus the "Libertarian".  Oh Well!
Such is life.  I just hope you feel, as do I, that despite our disagreement,
we remain friends dedicated to my grandkids' freedom. drop this for now.
anyway, but then I guess I am "stiff-necked and ornery" as well. :-)
but I just never cared for it...:-)
No offense intended. "Snotty affectation" - COOL!
"compelling state interest"- it is on topic, and this you'll like, Neal, it
defends Ashcroft's position.  Merrill makes some good points- David - the CORRECT position.
because I'm so stiff-necked and ornery.

@_date: 2001-07-31 15:34:30
@_author: Neal Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
name "David",  it seems we are both in agreement on the one essential point
by which all others pale: I am loveable.
However I am neither "snotty" nor "affectation" enough to insist on being so
called.  Actually I might refuse answer to such if you did.)

@_date: 2001-07-31 15:51:26
@_author: Neal Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
Hi, Angel,
If I get real ambitious and write the definitive expose' on why "Project
Exile" is the best thing for the "right to keep and bear arms" since the
discovery of smokeless powder, would you have the "good sense" publish same
on your site?
Keep the Faith,
[SMTP:Director at KeepAndBearArms.com]
Maureen Codrea
air.man at att.net; brian at citizensofamerica.org; cypherpunks at cyberpass.net;
George at Orwellian.Org; freematt at coil.com; dial911book at yahoo.com;
lrrankin at silcom.com; Peter Mancus EE-mail"
Story (Barniskis)?
 >
"my" fight (where the heck
Project Exile is either hopeless
gun rights leaders who have
intellects and activists in the rkba
their concerns if you hope to
on earth would you want to?
Project Exile Condemnation Coalition's statement:
of Coalition Builders has yet to respond to that statement; considering how
many longtime dedicated leaders and proven patriots have signed it, one
would think they'd have at least said "something."  I guess the fact that
gun rights groups whose memberships collectively represent a large segment
of their own membership aren't important.  Kinda reminds me of those who say
we're wrong but have never taken direct exerpts and challenged them in a
ready-for-publication article so they can be converted by KABAnators in
private emails and then come back to us with gratitude for being patient
with them while they were busy being right.
root of all grace."

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Neal Lang 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
Date sent:      	Tue, 31 Jul 2001 15:51:26 -0400
Sure.  If you don't mind publishing your eddress so I don't have to invest hours on end listening to people shotgun your false assumptions, oversights and miscalcualtions.  :-)
Knock yourself out.  Stick it here:
Better yet, and much preferred, be the first to challenge exact excerpts from the Project Exile Condemnation Coalition's statement -- so you can heal us poor, misguided fools of our afflictions:
Shamaya Smartaleck
