
@_date: 2010-12-07 12:11:28
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> The lawless Wild West attacks WikiLeaks 
Choice Quote: "Remember:  this is all being done not only without any charges or convictions, but also any real prospect of charging them with a crime, because they did nothing illegal."
The lawless Wild West attacks WikiLeaks
Monday, Dec 6, 2010 12:07 ET
Just look at what the U.S. Government and its friends are willing to do and capable of doing to someone who challenges or defies them -- all without any charges being filed or a shred of legal authority.  They've blocked access to their assets, tried to remove them from the Internet, bullied most everyone out of doing any business with them, froze the funds marked for Assange's legal defense at exactly the time that they prepare a strange international arrest warrant to be executed, repeatedly threatened him with murder, had their Australian vassals openly threaten to revoke his passport, and declared them "Terrorists" even though -- unlike the authorities who are doing all of these things -- neither Assange nor WikiLeaks ever engaged in violence, advocated violence, or caused the slaughter of civilians.
This is all grounded in the toxic mindset expressed yesterday on Meet the Press (without challenge, naturally) by GOP Sen. Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, who said of Assange:  "I think the man is a high-tech terrorist. Hebs done an enormous damage to our country, and I think he needs to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. And if that becomes a problem, we need to change the law."  As usual, when wielded by American authorities, the term "terrorist" means nothing more than: "those who impede or defy the will of the U.S. Government with any degree of efficacy."  Anyone who does that is, by definition, a Terrorist.  And note McConnell's typical, highly representative view that if someone he wants to punish isn't a criminal under the law, then you just "change the law" to make him one.  But that sort of legal scheming isn't even necessary.  The U.S. and its "friends" in the Western and business worlds are more than able and happy to severely punish anyone they want without the slightest basis in "law."  That's what the lawless, Wild Western World is:  political leaders punishing whomever they want without any limits, certainly without regard to bothersome concepts of "law."  Anyone who doubts that should just look at what has been done to Wikileaks and Assange over the last week.  In this series of events, there are indeed genuine and pernicious threats to basic freedom and security; they most assuredly aren't coming from WikiLeaks or Julian Assange. People often have a hard time believing that the terms "authoritarian" and "tyranny" apply to their own government, but that's because those who meekly stay in line and remain unthreatening are never targeted by such forces.  The face of authoritarianism and tyranny reveals itself with how it responds to those who meaningfully dissent from and effectively challenge its authority:  do they act within the law or solely through the use of unconstrained force?
* * * * *
Yahoo News!' Michael Calderone has a very good article documenting how major American media outlets -- as always -- snapped into line with the authorities they serve by ceasing to use the term "whistle-blower" to describe WikiLeaks. One encouraging development is the emergence of hundreds of "mirror-
WikiLeaks" sites around the world which make abolishing WikiLeaks pointless; that's a good model for how to subvert Internet censorship efforts.  Those interested in doing that can find instructions here.
And here is a well-done site which asks:  "Why is WikiLeaks a Good Thing?"
UPDATE:  Just to underscore the climate of lawless initmidation that has been created:  before WikiLeaks was on many people's radars (i.e., before the Apache video release), I wrote about the war being waged on them by the Pentagon, interviewed Assange, and urged people to donate money to them.  In response, numerous people asked -- both in comments and via email -- whether they would be in danger, could incur legal liability for providing material support to Terrorism or some other crime, if they donated to WikiLeaks.  Those were American citizens expressing that fear over an organization which had never been remotely charged with any wrongdoing.  Similarly, I met several weeks ago with an individual who once worked closely with WikiLeaks, but since stopped because he feared that his country -- which has a very broad extradition treaty with the U.S. -- would arrest him and turn him over to the Americans upon request.  He knew he had violated no laws, but given that he's a foreigner, he feared -- justifiably

@_date: 2010-12-10 21:01:20
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> "A new WikiLeaks" revolts against Assange 
Uppdaterat 2010-12-09 22:17. Publicerat 2010-12-09 22:16
The pressure on WikiLeaks is increasing. DN.se reveals that several key figures behind the website that publishes anonymous submissions and leaks of sensitive governmental, corporate, organizational or religious documents have resigned in protest against the controversial leader Julian Assange only to launch a new service for the so-called whistleblowers. The goal: to leak sensitive information to the public.
The new project, bOpenleaks,b has been under way for some time and will be launched Monday. DN.se has spoken to individuals behind the new site and the message is clear.
bOur long term goal is to build a strong, transparent platform to support whistleblowers--both in terms of technology and politics--while at the same time encouraging others to start similar projects,b says a colleague wishing to remain anonymous.
bAs a short-term goal, this is about completing the technical infrastructure and ensuring that the organization continues to be democratically governed by all its members, rather than limited to one group or individual.b
The news comes in turbulent times for WikiLeaks. Thousands of documents infuriating global leaders and policy-makers have been unveiled to the public via Cablegate. Meanwhile, Julian Assange has been arrested in Great Britain on suspected rape charges based in Sweden. News about WikiLeaks has been over-shadowed by Assange's personal problems.
Earlier this year, WikiLeaks experienced accessibility issues. According to information revealed to DN.se, the problem was not linked to outsiders trying to sabotage, but came from the inside as a signal to Julian Assange to step down. The colleagues were dissatisfied with the operation's association with Assange's personal problems and how he used the organization in his explanation of the criminal charges.
It is the top-down management style which is under critique.
On the other hand, the DN.se source emphasizes the fact that the new website is supportive of WikiLeaks purpose and goal.
bThe two organizations are similar in that aspect that both are focusing on providing means for whistleblowers to anonymously provide the public with information,b one insider says.
Unlike WikiLeaks, Openleaks will not receive and publish information directly for the public eye. Instead, other organizations will access the Openleaks system and in turn, present their audience with the material. Documents will be processed and published by various collaborating bWe intend to split the work in a way where we handle only the anonymity and receiving end of the information,b says another colleague.
According to the internal documents shared with DN.se, Openleaks intends to establish itself as a neutral intermediary bwithout a political agenda except from the dissemination of information to the media, the public, non-
profit organizations, trade- and union organizations and other participating groups.b
bAll editorial control and responsibility rests with the publishing organization. We will, as far as possible, take the role of the messenger between the whistleblower and the organization the whistleblower is trying to cooperate with,b says one anonymous informant.
Another intended consequence is to avoid the pressure from world leaders that WikiLeaks has experienced.
bAs a result of our intention not to publish any document directly and in our own name, we do not expect to experience the kind of political pressure which WikiLeaks is under at this time. In that aspect, it is quite interesting to see how little of politicians' anger seems directed at the newspapers using WikiLeaks sources.b
Translation: Majsan BostrC6m.
Ossi Carp, ossi.carp at dn.se
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-10-08 14:35:11
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> cryptome-hack3.htm 
October 3, 2010
Cryptome: Steps of the Cryptome hack on the morning of 2 October 2010.
1. The Cryptome email account at Earthlink was accessed by unknown means and its access password changed.
2. According to emailed notifications from Network Solutions (NSI) retreived after email access was restored, the hacker requested information about Cryptome's multiple accounts by using the email address.
3. With a password guessed or stolen by unknown means the Cryptome.org management account at NSI was accessed.
4. All 54,000 files (some 7GB) were deleted and the account password 5. NSI was sending emails of the account management modifications.
6. The hack was discovered by lack of access to email or to the Cryptome.org NSI account.
7. A call to NSI support restored all files from a back-up except for the previous two days.
8. An Earthlink online support chat restored email access and showed the NSI emails about management changes.
9. New passwords for Earthlink and NSI were set.
10. Email is not stored at Earthlink. What undelivered email might have been deleted by the hacker is unknown, the NSI and a couple of spam emails were awaiting delivery.
11. The other Cryptome accounts hosted by NSI do not seem to have been 12. This is the second shutdown hack in 14 years. Except the one by Microsoft abusing DMCA.
7 October 2010
Most recent news reports are based on Wired's unsubstantiated allegations of the Cryptome hack, luridly smeared "a breach of Cryptome's secret-
spilling files on sources." Wired is known for its hype and distortion of "evidence" and unsubstantiated allegations from publicity-seeking hackers

@_date: 2011-12-01 21:39:08
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> WikiLeaks: The Spy Files 
thousands of pages and other materials exposing the global mass  surveillance industry
Mass interception of entire populations is not only a reality, it is a
secret new industry spanning 25 countries
It sounds like something out of Hollywood, but as of today, mass
interception systems, built by Western intelligence contractors,
including for bpolitical opponentsb are a reality. Today WikiLeaks began
releasing a database of hundreds of documents from as many as 160
intelligence contractors in the mass surveillance industry. Working with
Bugged Planet and Privacy International, as well as media organizations
form six countries b ARD in Germany, The Bureau of Investigative
Journalism in the UK, The Hindu in India, LbEspresso in Italy, OWNI in
France and the Washington Post in the U.S. Wikileaks is shining a light
on this secret industry that has boomed since September 11, 2001 and is
worth billions of dollars per year. WikiLeaks has released 287 documents
today, but the Spy Files project is ongoing and further information will
be released this week and into next year.
International surveillance companies are based in the more
technologically sophisticated countries, and they sell their technology
on to every country of the world. This industry is, in practice,
unregulated. Intelligence agencies, military forces and police
authorities are able to silently, and on mass, and secretly intercept
calls and take over computers without the help or knowledge of the
telecommunication providers. Usersb physical location can be tracked if
they are carrying a mobile phone, even if it is only on stand by.
But the WikiLeaks Spy Files are more than just about bgood Western
countriesb exporting to bbad developing world countriesb. Western
companies are also selling a vast range of mass surveillance equipment
to Western intelligence agencies. In traditional spy stories,
intelligence agencies like MI5 bug the phone of one or two people of
interest. In the last ten years systems for indiscriminate, mass
surveillance have become the norm. Intelligence companies such as
VASTech secretly sell equipment to permanently record the phone calls of
entire nations. Others record the location of every mobile phone in a
city, down to 50 meters. Systems to infect every Facebook user, or
smart-phone owner of an entire population group are on the intelligence
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-02-11 17:26:42
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Glenn Greenwald: The leaked campaign to attack WikiLeaks 
Friday, Feb 11, 2011, Glenn Greenwald
There's been a very strange episode being written about the past couple of days involving numerous parties, including me, that I now want to comment on.  The story, first reported by The Tech Herald, has been been written about in numerous places (see Marcy Wheeler, Forbes, The Huffington Post, BoingBoing, Matt Yglesias, Reason, Tech Dirt, and others), so I'll provide just the summary. Last week, Aaron Barr, a top executive at computer security firm HB Gary, boasted to the Financial Times that his firm had infiltrated and begun to expose Anonymous, the group of pro-WikiLeaks hackers that had launched cyber attacks on companies terminating services to the whistleblowing site (such as Paypal, MasterCard, Visa, Amazon and others).  In retaliation, Anonymous hacked into the email accounts of HB Gary, published 50,000 of their emails online, and also hacked Barr's Twitter and other online accounts. Among the emails that were published was a report prepared by HB Gary -- in conjunction with several other top online security firms, including Palantir Technologies -- on how to destroy WikiLeaks.  The emails indicated the report was part of a proposal to be submitted to Bank of America through its outside law firm, Hunton & Williams.  News reports have indicated that WikiLeaks is planning to publish highly incriminating documents showing possible corruption and fraud at that bank, and The New York Times detailed last month how seriously top bank officials are taking that threat.  The NYT article described that the bank's "counterespionage work" against WikiLeaks entailed constant briefings for top executives on the whistle-blower site, along with the hiring of "several top law firms" and Booz Allen (the long-time firm of former Bush DNI Adm. Michael McConnell and numerous other top intelligence and defense officials).  The report prepared by these firms was designed to be part of the Bank of America's highly funded anti-WikiLeaks campaign.
The leaked report suggested numerous ways to destroy WikiLeaks, some of them likely illegal -- including planting fake documents with the group and then attacking them when published; "creat[ing] concern over the security" of the site; "cyber attacks against the infrastructure to get data on document submitters"; and a "media campaign to push the radical and reckless nature of wikileaks activities."  Many of those proposals were also featured prongs of a secret 2008 Pentagon plan to destroy WikiLeaks. One section of the leaked report focused on attacking WikiLeaks' supporters and it featured a discussion of me.  A graph purporting to be an "organizational chart" identified several other targets, including former New York Times reporter Jennifer 8 Lee, Guardian reporter James Ball, and Manning supporter David House.  The report claimed I was "critical" to WikiLeaks' public support after its website was removed by Amazon and that "it is this level of support that needs to be disrupted"; absurdly speculated that "without the support of people like Glenn, WikiLeaks would fold"; and darkly suggested that "these are established professionals that have a liberal bent, but ultimately most of them if pushed will choose professional preservation over cause."  As The Tech Herald noted, "earlier drafts of the proposal and an email from Aaron Barr used the word 'attacked' over 'disrupted' when discussing the level of support."
In the wake of the ensuing controversy caused by publication of these documents, the co-founder and CEO of Palantir Tech, Alex Karp, has now issued a statement stating that he "directed the company to sever any and all contacts with HB Gary."  The full statement -- which can be read here

@_date: 2011-02-19 12:06:02
@_author: nettime's very avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> FBI pushes for surveillance backdoors in Web 2.0 tools 
By Ryan Singel, wired.com | Last updated about 19 hours ago
The FBI pushed Thursday for more built-in backdoors for online communication, but beat a hasty retreat from its earlier proposal to require providers of encrypted communications services to include a backdoor for law enforcement wiretaps.
FBI general counsel Valerie Caproni told Congress that new ways of communicating online could cause problems for law enforcement officials, but categorically stated that the bureau is no longer pushing to force companies like RIM, which offers encrypted e-mail for business and government customers, to engineer holes in their systems so the FBI can see the plaintext of a communication upon court order.
"Addressing the Going Dark problem does not require fundamental changes in encryption technology," Caproni said in her written testimony (PDF). "We understand that there are situations in which encryption will require law enforcement to develop individualized solutions."
("Going Dark" is the FBI's codename for its multimillion-dollar project to extend its ability to wiretap communications as they happen.)
That's a far cry from what Caproni told The New York Times last fall:
    "No one should be promising their customers that they will thumb their nose at a US court order," Ms. Caproni said. "They can promise strong encryption. They just need to figure out how they can provide us plain Those remarks indicated the FBI seemed to want to revisit the encryption wars of the 1990s. That largely ended with the government scrapping its plans to mandate backdoors in encryption, after security researchers discovered flaws in the idea, and the National Research Council concluded that strong encryption made the country safer.
But that retreat didn't satisfy Susan Landau, a privacy and cryptography expert who testified alongside Caproni in front of a House Judiciary subcommittee Thursday.
That's because the FBI is still pushing for more online-communications companies to build real-time spying capabilities into their software, which Landau said will harm innovation and introduce security flaws that will be used against American companies, government agencies and citizens.
Innovation happens too fast on the Internet to require companies that provide chat and voice-calling capabilitiesbwhich these days includes online games, social networking sites and a myriad of online chat and photo-sharing servicesbto comply with detailed wiretapping specifications that cost hundreds of dollars just to read, according to Landau.
"Requiring that Internet applications with communications systemsb[which] means anything from speak-to-tweet to Second Life to software supporting music-jam sessionsbbe vetted first will put American innovation at a global disadvantage," Landau said. "For American competitiveness it is critical that we preserve the ease and speed with which innovative new communications technologies can be developed."
And she added the wiretapping holes are serious security risks.
"Building wiretapping into communications infrastructure creates serious risk that the communications system will be subverted either by trusted insiders or skilled outsiders, including foreign governments, hackers, identity thieves and perpetrators of economic espionage," Landau said in her written testimony (PDF), pointing to incidents in Greece, Italy and the United States where equipment built to comply with US wiretapping rules were subverted. Those rules, known as CALEA, were enacted in 1994 to require phone companies to engineer their networks to be wiretap-compliant. The rules were expanded by the FCC in the George W. Bush Administration to apply to ISPs as well.
The FBI's further push for expanded powers to wiretap online communications in real time comes against the backdrop of revolutions in the Middle East that relied heavily on social media communication tools and as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for worldwide internet freedom.
"I urge countries everywhere to join the United States in our bet that an open internet will lead to stronger, more prosperous countries,b Clinton said Tuesday, speaking at George Washington University.
But Caproni argued that law enforcement officials are occasionally running into cases where criminals are using online communication tools that aren't wiretappable in real-time, because the provider had not built-in that capability. Caproni did not mention that the FBI has not encountered a single case of encryption hampering its criminal investigations for the past four years, according to reports to Congress, nor that the FBI has never run into a single case over the last 10 years where it could not get the plaintext of a target's communications.
Landau told Congress the FBI was overlooking some very good news.
"While there is a genuine problem with intercepting some communications, the FBI now has access to more communications, and more metadata about communications, than ever before in history," Landau said.
But Caproni said that's not enough and the FBI needs to find new technical solutions b though she did add that the Obama administration has no "formal position at this time" about needed changes to the law.
But she warned Congress that the country was in danger from a surveillance "As the gap between authority and capability widens, the government is increasingly unable to collect valuable evidence in cases ranging from child exploitation and pornography to organized crime and drug trafficking to terrorism and espionage -evidence that a court has authorized the government to collect," Caproni said. "This gap poses a growing threat to public safety."
Also on Thursday, the Electronic Frontier Foundation released some government documents about the FBI's so-called Going Dark program, which it got under the Freedom of Information Act. Those documents show the project dates to 2006, and that the FBI had hired high-powered consultants from the Rand Corporation and Booz Allen Hamilton to help come up with solutions.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-06-11 21:38:56
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Internet Digital Black Friday: First Bitcoin "Depression" 
Jason Mick (Blog) - June 10, 2011 7:05 PM
The day was October 28, 1929 and the sky was falling. That Monday
the DOW Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) fell 12.82 percent. History
books show that the next day the DJIA bled another 11.73 percent. Vast
amounts of wealth were wiped out in an instant.
Today modern exchanges automatically close to prevent such
catastrophic sell offs. Or, they do in the real world, at least.
But on June 10, a new kind of market -- Bitcoins suffered a massive
decline, that may signal the start of the world's first digital
I. A 30 Percent Decline in One Day
This Friday the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) was hammered, losing
172.45 points (approximately a 1.4 percent dip) to close below 12,000
for the first time since March 18, 2011 -- nearly three months ago.
Traders greeted signs of slowdowns in global markets with serious
But as bad a day as Friday was for NYSE traders, it was far worse for
those who invested in an increasingly popular digital currency --
Bitcoins (BTC). At the opening bell at Mt. Gox, the world's largest
Bitcoin exchange, a single BTC cost $28.919 USD. By mid-day that total
had plunged to $20.01 USD -- a drop of 30.8 percent.
Granted, in recent weeks the market for Bitcoins has soared upwards,
nearly tripling, due to increased demand and built in technical
issues. So perhaps this inflation was merely reactionary. Nonetheless,
it took many by surprise, as inflation on this scale had never before
been seen in the fledgling Bitcoin market.
But, wait let's not get ahead of ourselves. Why should anyone care if
Bthe itcoin market crashed?
Well, today on Mt. Gox alone, approximately $2M USD in Bitcoins were
bought and sold in 5,871 trades. That's unusual in and of itself --
only a total of $19M USD in trading volume occurred over the past six
The bottom line is that several things are clear from today's trading.
1. The Bitcoin market endured its first digital equivalent of a "bank rush" with people rushing to exchange their BTC for U.S. Dollars.     2. People have a large amount of money -- millions of USD sunk into
Bitcoins lost big in the flash crash.
3. Unlike modern markets, which automatically close to prevent massive
inflation, the digital Bitcoin markets stayed open.
4. Something major is moving the Bitcoin market in a sharp
inflationary direction, in contrast to the predict deflationary trend.
So what are Bitcoins and why is this intriguing? Let's take a look.
II. What is a Bitcoin?
Bitcoins [wiki] are virtual currency similar to the Linden Dollars
(L$) used by Second Life users.
However, unlike L$, which are ultimately controlled by Linden Labs,
a company (or "governing body" in some people's eyes), BTC have no
central authority. The currency instead relies on a peer-to-peer
system where everyone logs transactions and monetary events, prevent
false transactions.
Also, unlike the L$, the focus of BTC is to exchange the virtual
currency for real world services, not virtual ones.
People can obtain Bitcoins in two ways -- buying them or generating
To generate them, you have to run a complex math hashing algorithm,
which tries to find a new bitcoin "block". Parallel computing devices

@_date: 2011-06-13 20:13:15
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Eli Pariser: The Filter Bubble 
How the net traps us all in our own little bubbles
An invisible revolution has taken place is the way we use the net, but the increasing personalisation of information by search engines such as Google threatens to limit our access to information and enclose us in a self-
reinforcing world view, writes Eli Pariser in an extract from The Filter Eli Pariser
The Observer, Sunday 12 June 2011
Few people noticed the post that appeared on Google's corporate blog on 4 December 2009. It didn't beg attention b no sweeping pronouncements, no Silicon Valley hype, just a few paragraphs sandwiched between a round-up of top search terms and an update on Google's finance software.
Not everyone missed it. Search-engine blogger Danny Sullivan pores over the items on Google's blog, looking for clues about where the monolith is headed next, and to him, the post was a big deal. In fact, he wrote later that day, it was "the biggest change that has ever happened in search engines". For Danny, the headline said it all: "Personalised search for Starting that morning, Google would use 57 signals b everything from where you were logging in from to what browser you were using to what you had searched for before b to make guesses about who you were and what kinds of sites you'd like. Even if you were logged out, it would customise its results, showing you the pages it predicted you were most likely to click Most of us assume that when we google a term, we all see the same results b the ones that the company's famous Page Rank algorithm suggests are the most authoritative based on other pages' links. But since December 2009, this is no longer true. Now you get the result that Google's algorithm suggests is best for you in particular b and someone else may see something entirely different. In other words, there is no standard Google any more.
It's not hard to see this difference in action. In the spring of 2010, while the remains of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig were spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico, I asked two friends to search for the term "BP". They're pretty similar b educated white left-leaning women who live in the north-east. But the results they saw were quite different. One saw investment information about BP. The other saw news. For one, the first page of results contained links about the oil spill; for the other, there was nothing about it except for a promotional ad from BP. Even the number of results returned differed b 180 million for one friend and 139 million for the other. If the results were that different for these two progressive east-coast women, imagine how different they would be for my friends and, say, an elderly Republican in Texas (or, for that matter, a businessman in With Google personalised for everyone, the query "stem cells" might produce diametrically opposed results for scientists who support stem-cell research and activists who oppose it. "Proof of climate change" might turn up different results for an environmental activist and an oil-company executive. A huge majority of us assume search engines are unbiased. But that may be just because they're increasingly biased to share our own views. More and more, your computer monitor is a kind of one-way mirror, reflecting your own interests while algorithmic observers watch what you click. Google's announcement marked the turning point of an important but nearly invisible revolution in how we consume information. You could say that on 4 December 2009 the era of personalisation began.
With little notice or fanfare, the digital world is fundamentally changing. What was once an anonymous medium where anyone could be anyone b where, in the words of the famous New Yorker cartoon, nobody knows you're a dog b is now a tool for soliciting and analysing our personal data. According to one Wall Street Journal study, the top 50 internet sites, from CNN to Yahoo to MSN, install an average of 64 data-laden cookies and personal tracking beacons each. Search for a word like "depression" on Dictionary.com, and the site installs up to 223 tracking cookies and beacons on your computer so that other websites can target you with antidepressants. Open a page listing signs that your spouse may be cheating, and prepare to be haunted with DNA paternity-test ads. The new internet doesn't just know you're a dog: it knows your breed and wants to sell you a bowl of premium dog food.
The race to know as much as possible about you has become the central battle of the era for internet giants like Google, Facebook, Apple and Microsoft. As Chris Palmer of the Electronic Frontier Foundation explained to me: "You're getting a free service, and the cost is information about you. And Google and Facebook translate that pretty directly into money." While Gmail and Facebook may be helpful, free tools, they are also extremely effective and voracious extraction engines into which we pour the most intimate details of our lives. Your smooth new iPhone knows exactly where you go, whom you call, what you read; with its built-in microphone, gyroscope and GPS, it can tell whether you're walking or in a car or at a While Google has (so far) promised to keep your personal data to itself, other popular websites and apps make no such guarantees. Behind the pages you visit, a massive new market for information about what you do online is growing, driven by low-profile but highly profitable personal data companies like BlueKai and Acxiom. Acxiom alone has accumulated an average of 1,500 pieces of data on each person on its database b which includes 96% of Americans b along with data about everything from their credit scores to whether they've bought medication for incontinence. And any website b not just the Googles and Facebooks of the world b can now participate in the fun. In the view of the "behaviour market" vendors, every "click signal" you create is a commodity, and every move of your mouse can be auctioned off within microseconds to the highest commercial bidder.
As a business strategy, the internet giants' formula is simple: the more personally relevant their information offerings are, the more ads they can sell, and the more likely you are to buy the products they're offering. And the formula works. Amazon sells billions of dollars in merchandise by predicting what each customer is interested in and putting it in the front of the virtual store. Up to 60% of US film download and DVD-by-mail site Netflix's rentals come from the guesses it can make about each customer's In the next three to five years, says Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg, the idea of a website that isn't customised to a particular user will seem quaint. Yahoo vice president Tapan Bhat agrees: "The future of the web is about personalisationb& now the web is about 'me'. It's about weaving the web together in a way that is smart and personalised for the user." Google CEO Eric Schmidt enthuses that the "product I've always wanted to build" is Google code that will "guess what I'm trying to type". Google Instant, which guesses what you're searching for as you type, and was rolled out in the autumn of 2010, is just the start b Schmidt believes that what customers want is for Google to "tell them what they should be doing next".
It would be one thing if all this customisation was just about targeted advertising. But personalisation isn't just shaping what we buy. For a quickly rising percentage of us, personalised news feeds like Facebook are becoming a primary news source b 36% of Americans aged under 30 get their news through social-networking sites. And Facebook's popularity is skyrocketing worldwide, with nearly a million more people joining each day. As founder Mark Zuckerberg likes to brag, Facebook may be the biggest source of news in the world (at least for some definitions of "news"). And personalisation is shaping how information flows far beyond Facebook, as websites from Yahoo News to the New York Times-funded startup News.me cater their headlines to our particular interests and desires. It's influencing what videos we watch on YouTube and what blog posts we see. It's affecting whose emails we get, which potential mates we run into on OkCupid, and which restaurants are recommended to us on Yelp b which means that personalisation could easily have a hand not only in who goes on a date with whom but in where they go and what they talk about. The algorithms that orchestrate our ads are starting to orchestrate our lives.
The basic code at the heart of the new internet is pretty simple. The new generation of internet filters looks at the things you seem to like b the actual things you've done, or the things people like you like b and tries to extrapolate. They are prediction engines, constantly creating and refining a theory of who you are and what you'll do and want next. Together, these engines create a unique universe of information for each of us b what I've come to call a filter bubble b which fundamentally alters the way we encounter ideas and information. Of course, to some extent we've always consumed media that appealed to our interests and avocations and ignored much of the rest. But the filter bubble introduces three dynamics we've never dealt with before.
First, you're alone in it. A cable channel that caters to a narrow interest (say, golf) has other viewers with whom you share a frame of reference. But you're the only person in your bubble. In an age when shared information is the bedrock of shared experience, the filter bubble is a centrifugal force, pulling us apart.
Second, the filter bubble is invisible. Most viewers of conservative or liberal news sources know that they're going to a station curated to serve a particular political viewpoint. But Google's agenda is opaque. Google doesn't tell you who it thinks you are or why it's showing you the results you're seeing. You don't know if its assumptions about you are right or wrong b and you might not even know it's making assumptions about you in the first place. My friend who got more investment-oriented information about BP still has no idea why that was the case b she's not a stockbroker. Because you haven't chosen the criteria by which sites filter information in and out, it's easy to imagine that the information that comes through a filter bubble is unbiased, objective, true. But it's not. In fact, from within the bubble, it's nearly impossible to see how biased it is.
Finally, you don't choose to enter the bubble. When you turn on Fox News or read The New Statesman, you're making a decision about what kind of filter to use to make sense of the world. It's an active process, and like putting on a pair of tinted glasses, you can guess how the editors' leaning shapes your perception. You don't make the same kind of choice with personalised filters. They come to you b and because they drive up profits for the websites that use them, they'll become harder and harder to avoid.
Personalisation is based on a bargain. In exchange for the service of filtering, you hand large companies an enormous amount of data about your daily life b much of which you might not trust friends with. These companies are getting better at drawing on this data to make decisions every day. But the trust we place in them to handle it with care is not always warranted, and when decisions are made on the basis of this data that affect you negatively, they're usually not revealed.
Ultimately, the filter bubble can affect your ability to choose how you want to live. To be the author of your life, professor Yochai Benkler argues, you have to be aware of a diverse array of options and lifestyles. When you enter a filter bubble, you're letting the companies that construct it choose which options you're aware of. You may think you're the captain of your own destiny, but personalisation can lead you down a road to a kind of informational determinism in which what you've clicked on in the past determines what you see next b a web history you're doomed to repeat. You can get stuck in a static, ever- narrowing version of yourself b an endless And there are broader consequences. In Bowling Alone, his book on the decline of civic life in America, Robert Putnam looked at the problem of the major decrease in "social capital" b the bonds of trust and allegiance that encourage people to do each other favours, work together to solve common problems, and collaborate. Putnam identified two kinds of social capital: there's the in-group-oriented "bonding" capital created when you attend a meeting of your college alumni, and then there's "bridging" capital, which is created at an event like a town meeting when people from lots of different backgrounds come together to meet each other. Bridging capital is potent: build more of it, and you're more likely to be able to find that next job or an investor for your small business, because it allows you to tap into lots of different networks for help.
Everybody expected the internet to be a huge source of bridging capital. Writing at the height of the dotcom bubble, Tom Friedman declared that the internet would "make us all next-door neighbours". In fact, this idea was the core of his thesis in The Lexus and the Olive Tree: "The internet is going to be like a huge vice that takes the globalisation system b& and keeps tightening and tightening that system around everyone, in ways that will only make the world smaller and smaller and faster and faster with each passing day."
Friedman seemed to have in mind a kind of global village in which kids in Africa and executives in New York would build a community together. But that's not what's happening: our virtual neighbours look more and more like our real-world neighbours, and our real-world neighbours look more and more like us. We're getting a lot of bonding but very little bridging. And this is important because it's bridging that creates our sense of the "public" b the space where we address the problems that transcend our narrow self-
We are predisposed to respond to a pretty narrow set of stimuli b if a piece of news is about sex, power, gossip, violence, celebrity or humour, we are likely to read it first. This is the content that most easily makes it into the filter bubble. It's easy to push "Like" and increase the visibility of a friend's post about finishing a marathon or an instructional article about how to make onion soup. It's harder to push the "Like" button on an article titled "Darfur sees bloodiest month in two years". In a personalised world, important but complex or unpleasant issues b the rising prison population, for example, or homelessness b are less likely to come to our attention at all.
As a consumer, it's hard to argue with blotting out the irrelevant and unlikable. But what is good for consumers is not necessarily good for citizens. What I seem to like may not be what I actually want, let alone what I need to know to be an informed member of my community or country. "It's a civic virtue to be exposed to things that appear to be outside your interest," technology journalist Clive Thompson told me. Cultural critic Lee Siegel puts it a different way: "Customers are always right, but people The era of personalisation is here, and it's upending many of our predictions about what the internet would do. The creators of the internet envisioned something bigger and more important than a global system for sharing pictures of pets. The manifesto that helped launch the Electronic Frontier Foundation in the early 1990s championed a "civilisation of Mind in cyberspace" b a kind of worldwide metabrain. But personalised filters sever the synapses in that brain. Without knowing it, we may be giving ourselves a kind of global lobotomy instead.
Early internet enthusiasts like web creator Tim Berners-Lee hoped it would be a new platform for tackling global problems. I believe it still can be, but first we need to pull back the curtain b to understand the forces that are taking the internet in its current direction. We need to lay bare the bugs in the code b and the coders b that brought personalisation to us.
If "code is law", as Creative Commons founder Larry Lessig declared, it's important to understand what the new lawmakers are trying to do. We need to understand what the programmers at Google and Facebook believe in. We need to understand the economic and social forces that are driving personalisation, some of which are inevitable and some of which are not. And we need to understand what all this means for our politics, our culture and our future.
Adapted from The Filter Bubble by Eli Pariser.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-05-06 11:12:41
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Homeland Security Request to Take Down MafiaaFire Add-on 
for information, usually market information and occasionally subpoenas. Recently the US Department of Homeland Security contacted Mozilla and requested that we remove the MafiaaFire add-on.  The ICE Homeland Security Investigations unit alleged that the add-on circumvented a seizure order DHS had obtained against a number of domain names.   Mafiaafire, like several other similar  add-ons already available through AMO, redirects the user from one domain name to another similar to a mail forwarding service.  In this case, Mafiaafire redirects traffic from seized domains to other domains. Here the seized domain names allegedly were used to stream content protected by copyrights of  professional sports franchises and other media Our approach is to comply with valid court orders, warrants, and legal mandates, but in this case there was no such court order.  Thus, to evaluate Homeland Securitybs request, we asked them several questions similar to those below to understand the legal justification:
- Have any courts determined that the Mafiaafire add-on is unlawful or illegal in any way? If so, on what basis? (Please provide any relevant - Is Mozilla legally obligated to disable the add-on or is this request based on other reasons? If other reasons, can you please specify.
- Can you please provide a copy of the relevant seizure order upon which your request to Mozilla to take down the Mafiaafire  add-on is based?
To date webve received no response from Homeland Security nor any court One of the fundamental issues here is under what conditions do intermediaries accede to government requests that have a censorship effect and which may threaten the open Internet. Others have commented on these practices already.  In this case, the underlying justification arises from content holders legitimate desire to combat piracy.  The problem stems from the use of these government powers in service of private content holders when it can have unintended and harmful consequences.  Longterm, the challenge is to find better mechanisms that provide both real due process and transparency without infringing upon developer and user freedoms traditionally associated with the Internet.  More to come.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2012-04-21 17:38:36
@_author: nettime's_roving_reporter 
@_subject: <nettime> NYT > Krugman > The New Hungarian Secret Police 
April 19, 2012, 6:59 pm
The New Hungarian Secret Police
   Another Hungary post from my Princeton colleague Kim Lane Scheppele,
   after the jump.
   The New Hungarian Secret Police
   Kim Lane Scheppele
   Tuesday 17 April 2012
   Brad Pitt knows all about the TEK, Hungary's new counter-terrorism
   police.
   When Pitt was in Budapest last October shooting World War Z, an
   upcoming zombie-thriller, TEK agents [42]seized 100 machine guns,
   automatic pistols and sniper rifles that had been flown to Hungary for
   use as props in the movie. The weapons were disabled and came with no
   ammunition. But the Hungarian counter-terrorism police determined that
   they constituted a serious threat.
   The dead-pan seizure of movie props made TEK the laughing stock of the
   world. As David Itzkoff [43]joked in the pages of the New York Times,
   "If Hungary ever finds itself the target of an undead invasion, its
   police force should now be well supplied to defend the nation."
   Few have taken TEK seriously. But that is a big mistake. In fact, TEK
   seems to be turning into Prime Minister Viktor Orban's own secret
   police. In less than two years, TEK has amassed truly Orwellian powers,
   including virtually unlimited powers of secret surveillance and secret
   data collection.
   The speaker of the Parliament, Laszls Kvvir, now has his own armed
   guard too, since the Parliament yesterday passed a law that creates a
   separate armed police force accountable to the Parliament. It too has
   extraordinary powers not normally associated with a Parliamentary
   guard. The creation of this "Parlia-military" gives Hungary the dubious
   distinction of having the only Parliament in Europe with its own armed
   guard that has the power to search and "act in" private homes.
   About the Parlia-military, more later. First, to TEK.
   TEK was created in September 2010 by a governmental decree, shortly
   after the Fidesz government took office. TEK exists outside the normal
   command structure of both the police and the security agencies. The
   Prime Minister directly names (and can fire) its head and only the
   interior minister stands between him and the direct command of the
   force. It is well known that the head of this force is a very close
   confidante of the Prime Minister.
   TEK was set up as an anti-terror police unit within the interior
   ministry and given a budget of 10 billion forints (about $44 million)
   in a time of austerity. Since then, it has grown to nearly 900
   employees in a country of 10.5 million people that is only as big as
   Indiana.
   Why was TEK necessary? When it was created, the government said that it
   needed TEK because Hungary would hold the rotating presidency of the
   European Union starting in January 2011. During the six months it held
   this office, Hungary could be expected to host many important meetings
   for which top anti-terrorism security would be necessary. But even
   though Hungary's stint in the EU chair is over, TEK has continued to
   grow.
   Eyebrows were raised when Janos Hajdu, Orban's personal bodyguard, was
   appointed directly by the prime minister to be the first head of this
   new agency. Since TEK's job also included guarding the prime minister,
   some believed that Orban had set up the office to get his trusted
   bodyguard onto the public payroll. Patronage turns out to be the least
   of the worries about TEK, however.
   TEK is now the sort of secret police that any authoritarian ruler would
   love to have. Its powers have been added slowly but surely through a
   series of amendments to the police laws, pushed through the Parliament
   at times when it was passing hundreds of new laws and when most people,
   myself included, did not notice. The new powers of TEK have received
   virtually no public discussion in Hungary. But now, its powers are
   huge.
   What can the TEK do?
   TEK can engage in secret surveillance without having to give reasons or
   having to get permission from anyone outside the cabinet. In an
   amendment to the police law passed in December 2010, TEK was made an
   official police agency and was given this jurisdiction to spy on
   anyone. TEK now has the legal power to secretly enter and search homes,
   engage in secret wiretapping, make audio and video recordings of people
   without their knowledge, secretly search mail and packages, and
   surreptitiously confiscate electronic data (for example, the content of
   computers and email). The searches never have to be disclosed to the
   person who is the target of the search - or to anyone else for that
   matter. In fact, as national security information, it may not be
   disclosed to anyone. There are no legal limits on how long this data
   can be kept.
   Ordinary police in Hungary are allowed to enter homes or wiretap phones
   only after getting a warrant from a judge. But TEK agents don't have to
   go to a judge for permission to spy on someone - they only need the
   approval of the justice minister to carry out such activities. As a
   result, requests for secret surveillance are never reviewed by an
   independent branch of government. The justice minister approves the
   requests made by a secret police unit operated by the interior
   minister. Since both are in the same cabinet of the same government,
   they are both on the same political team.
   TEK's powers were enlarged again in another set of amendments to the
   police law passed on 30 December 2011, the day that many other laws
   were passed in a huge end-of-year flurry. With those amendments, TEK
   now has had the legal authority to collect personal data about anyone
   by making requests to financial companies (like banks and brokerage
   firms), insurance companies, communications companies (like cell phone
   and internet service providers) - as well as state agencies. Data held
   by state agencies include not only criminal and tax records but also
   educational and medical records - and much more. Once asked, no private
   company or state agency may refuse to provide data to TEK.
   Before December 2011, TEK had the power to ask for data like this, but
   they could only do so in conjunction with a criminal investigation and
   with the permission of the public prosecutor. After December 2011,
   their data requests no longer had to be tied to criminal investigations
   or be approved by the prosecutor. In fact, they have virtually no
   limits on what data they can collect and require no permission from
   anyone.
   If an organization (like an internet service provider, a bank or state
   agency) is asked to turn over personally identifiable information, the
   organization may not tell anyone about the request. People whose data
   have been turned over to TEK are deliberately kept in the dark.
   These powers are shocking, not just because of their scope, but also
   because most Hungarians knowledgeable about constitutional law would
   probably have thought they were illegal. After the changes of 1989, the
   new Hungarian Constitutional Court was quick to dismantle the old
   system in which the state could compile in one place huge amounts of
   personal information about individuals. In its "PIN number" decision of
   1991, the Constitutional Court ruled that the state had to get rid of
   the single "personal identifier number" (PIN) so that personally
   identifiable data could no longer be linked across state agencies. The
   Court found that "everyone has the right to decide about the disclosure
   and use of his/her personal data" and that approval by the person
   concerned is generally required before personal data can be collected.
   It was the essence of totalitarianism, the Court found, for personal
   information about someone to be collected and amassed into a personal
   profile without the person's knowledge.
   With that Constitutional Court decision still on the books and not
   formally overruled, the Fidesz government is reproducing the very
   system that the Court had banned by creating a single agency that can
   gather all private information about individuals in one place again.
   What, one might ask, is left of constitutional law in Hungary?
   One might also ask: Are there any limits to TEK's power?
   The law specifies that TEK operates both as a police and as a national
   security agency. When it is acting as a police unit, it has the
   jurisdiction to spy on any person or group who poses a threat of
   terrorism, along with anyone else associated with such persons.
   Hungary, like many countries after 9/11, has a broad definition of
   terrorism that includes, among other things, planning to commit a
   "crime against the public order" with the purpose of "coercing a state
   body . . . into action, non-action or toleration." Crimes against the
   public order include a long list of violent crimes, but also the vaguer
   "causing public danger." In addition, TEK also may arrest "dangerous
   individuals," a term not defined in the criminal law. It is difficult
   from the text of the law itself to see any clear limits on TEK's
   powers.
   And TEK is very active. On April 7, TEK agents were called in to
   [44]capture a young man in the small village of Kulcs who killed four
   members of his family with a machete. And then, in the early morning
   hours of Friday, April 13, TEK agents conducted a major drug bust in
   Budapest, arresting 23 people. According to news reports, fully 120 TEK
   agents were involved in the drug operation, [45]raising questions about
   whether the drug bust was thought to be part of the anti-terrorism
   mission of the agency or a rather broad extension of the concept of the
   "dangerous individual." Either way, the drug ring looked like
   garden-variety crime. If that is within TEK's jurisdiction, it is hard
   to imagine what is not.
   A You-Tube video of the April 13 drug bust, made available by TEK
   itself, shows what a middle-of-the-night raid by TEK officers looks
   like, complete with the use of heavy-duty tools to cut open an exterior
   door.
   IFRAME: [46]
   Given that this is the video that TEK wanted you to see, one can only
   imagine the activities of TEK that are not recorded for posterity. (It
   would be interesting to know, for example, why the audio cuts out at
   certain points in the clip, as well as what happens between the time
   that TEK breaks open the door and the time the various suspects are
   seen lying handcuffed on the floor.)
   While its videos are crystal clear, TEK's legal status is blurry, as
   some parts of its activities are authorized under the police law and
   others parts are authorized under the national security law. Different
   rules and standards apply to police agencies and to national security
   agencies. Moreover, TEK seems to have some powers that exceed those of
   both police and national security agencies, particularly in its ability
   to avoid judicial warrants. No other agency in the Hungarian government
   has both police and national security powers, and it is unclear
   precisely how the agency is accountable - for which functions, under
   what standards and to whom. What follows is my best guess from reading
   the law.
   With respect to its powers authorized under the police law, it appears
   that TEK must act like the police and get judicial warrants to search
   houses, to wiretap and to capture electronic data when these activities
   are part of a criminal investigation. When TEK was arresting the
   machete-wielder and making the drug bust, it was probably acting under
   its police powers.
   But TEK only need judicial warrants when it is engaged in criminal
   investigations. It doesn't need judicial warrants when it is using its
   secret surveillance powers in security investigations. When it is
   acting as a national security agency, TEK only needs the permission of
   the justice minister to engage in secret and intrusive surveillance. Of
   course, given that the permissions and constraints are different
   depending on whether TEK is acting as a police agency or a national
   security agency, it would matter who decides whether a particular
   activity is conducted for police or national security purposes and what
   the criteria are for determining that it is one or the other. The law
   does not provide the answer to either question.
   Suppose someone believes that she has been spied upon illegally by TEK.
   What can she do to object? First, if TEK is engaged in secret
   surveillance or data collection, it is unlikely that people will know
   that they are a target, given the extraordinary secrecy of the whole
   operation. But even if one finds out that one is being watched, the
   remedies are not encouraging.
   A person aggrieved by TEK's actions may complain to the interior
   minister, and the interior minister must answer the complaint within 30
   days. But given that the interior minister is the minister who controls
   TEK in the first place, this is not an independent review. If the
   complainant does not like the answer of the interior minister, s/he may
   appeal to the Parliament's national security committee, which must
   muster a one-third vote to hear the petition. At the moment, the
   12-member national security committee consists of two-thirds governing
   party members and one-third members of all other parties combined. If
   the governing party does not want to investigate a complaint, garnering
   a one-third vote would mean uniting the whole opposition - or, to put
   it in more blunt terms, getting the Socialists to work with the
   neo-Nazis. That is unlikely to happen. Even if the national security
   committee agrees to hear a petition, however, it would take a
   two-thirds vote of the committee to require the interior minister to
   reveal the surveillance methods used against the complainant so that
   the committee can determine whether they were legal. There is no
   judicial review at any stage of this process.
   TEK operates in secret with extraordinary powers and no one reliably
   independent of the current governing party can review what it is doing
   when it uses its most potentially abusive powers. This shocking
   accumulation of power may explain the Hungarian government's abolition
   of a separate data protection ombudsman who would have the power to
   investigate such shocking accumulation of data. Instead, the data
   protection officer - a post required by European Union law - has been
   made a political appointee of the government itself. This is why the EU
   has [47]launched an infringement action against Hungary for failing to
   guarantee the independence of the office. Now we can see why the EU may
   be onto something.
   As if the powers of TEK are not enough, though, Parliament yesterday
   authorized another security service with the power to use police
   measures against citizens and residents of Hungary. The cardinal law on
   the Parliament itself contains a provision that gives the Parliament
   its own military, a Parlia-military.
   The Parlia-military is an armed police unit outside the chain of
   command of the regular military or police structures. Its commander in
   chief is the speaker of the house, Laszls Kvvir, who served as minister
   without portfolio for the Civilian Intelligence Services during the
   first Orban government from 1998-2002. The Parlia-military has the
   power to guard the Parliament and the speaker of the house, as might be
   expected. But if the Parlia-military is only supposed to guard the
   Parliament and the speaker, why does it need the powers that the
   cardinal law gives it?
   The law gives the Parlia-military power "to enter and to act in private
   homes." That's literally what the law says. It is unlikely that the
   Parliament will want to conduct a plenary session in someone's living
   room, so one must then wonder just what the Parliament will do if its
   armed military enters someone's home to "act." In addition to this
   power, the Parlia-military may also make public audio and video
   recordings of people. It can also search cars, luggage and clothing. It
   can use handcuffs and chemical substances (which I assume means tear
   gas and nothing more, but the wording make it sound like the
   Parlia-military may use chemical weapons!). The draft law seems to
   imply that the Parlia-military would have to operate under the
   constraints of the police law, which would mean that it would need
   judicial warrants to conduct these intrusive measures. But that is not
   completely clear. What is clear is that Hungary now suffers from a
   proliferation of police that are under direct political control.
   Until this point, I have thought that the Fidesz government was just
   attempting to lock down power for itself for the foreseeable future,
   which was bad enough. But now, with the discovery of these new security
   services, it seems increasingly likely that the Hungarian government is
   heading toward the creation of a police state. Actually, it may already
   be there. But shhhh! It's secret.
B) 2012 The New York Times Company
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2012-03-22 08:39:35
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Worldbs First Flying File-Sharing Drones in Action 
Worldbs First Flying File-Sharing Drones in Action
March 20, 2012
A few days ago The Pirate Bay announced that in future parts of its site  could be hosted on GPS controlled drones. To many this may have sounded  like a joke, but in fact these pirate drones already exist. Project  bElectronic Countermeasuresb has built a swarm of five fully operational  drones which prove that an baerial Napsterb or an bairborne Pirate Bayb is not as futuristic as it sounds.
In an ever-continuing effort to thwart censorship, The Pirate Bay
plans to turn flying drones into mobile hosting locations.
bEveryone knows WHAT TPB is. Now theybre going to have to think about  WHERE TPB is,b The Pirate Bay team told TorrentFreak last Sunday,  announcing their drone project.
Liam Young, co-founder of Tomorrowbs Thoughts Today, was amazed to read  the announcement, not so much because of the technology, because his group has already built a swarm of file-sharing drones.
bI thought hold on, we are already doing that,b Young told TorrentFreak.
Their starting point for project bElectronic Countermeasuresb was to  create something akin to an baerial Napsterb or bairborne Pirate Bayb, but it became much more than that.
bPart nomadic infrastructure and part robotic swarm, we have rebuilt and  programmed the drones to broadcast their own local Wi-Fi network as a form of aerial Napster. They swarm into formation, broadcasting their pirate network, and then disperse, escaping detection, only to reform elsewhere,b says the group describing their creation.
File-Sharing Drone in Action (photo by Claus Langer)
picture of a sharing drone
In short the system allows the public to share data with the help of  flying drones. Much like the Pirate Box, but one that flies autonomously  over the city.
bThe public can upload files, photos and share data with one another as  the drones float above the significant public spaces of the city. The  swarm becomes a pirate broadcast network, a mobile infrastructure that  passers-by can interact with,b the creators explain.
One major difference compared to more traditional file-sharing hubs is  that it requires a hefty investment. Each of the drones costs 1500 euros  to build. Not a big surprise, considering the hardware thatbs needed to  keep these pirate hubs in the air.
bEach one is powered by 2x 2200mAh LiPo batteries. The lift is provided by 4x Roxxy Brushless Motors that run off a GPS flight control board. Also on deck are altitude sensors and gyros that keep the flight stable. They all talk to a master control system through XBee wireless modules,b Young told bThese all sit on a 10mm x 10mm aluminum frame and are wrapped in a vacuum formed aerodynamic cowling. The network is broadcast using various different hardware setups ranging from Linux gumstick modules, wireless routers and USB sticks for file storage.b
For Young and his crew this is just the beginning. With proper financial  support they hope to build more drones and increase the range they can  bWe are planning on scaling up the system by increasing broadcast range  and building more drones for the flock. We are also building in other  systems like autonomous battery change bases. We are looking for funding  and backers to assist us in scaling up the system,b he told us.
Those who see the drones in action (video below) will notice that theybre not just practical. The creative and artistic background of the group shines through, with the choreography performed by the drones perhaps even more stunning than the sharing component.
bWhen the audience interacts with the drones they glow with vibrant  colors, they break formation, they are called over and their flight  pattern becomes more dramatic and expressive,b the group explains.
Besides the artistic value, the drones can also have other use cases than being a bpirate hub.b For example, they can serve as peer-to-peer  communications support for protesters and activists in regions where  Internet access is censored.
Either way, whether itbs Hollywood or a dictator, there will always be  groups that have a reason to shoot the machines down. But letbs be honest, who would dare to destroy such a beautiful piece of art?
Worlds First File-Sharing Drone
-> #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-08-09 10:57:45
@_author: nettime's paranoid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Statement: Why Secure Email Provider Lavabit closes down 
My Fellow Users,
I have been forced to make a difficult decision: to become complicit in crimes against the American people or walk away from nearly ten years of hard work by shutting down Lavabit. After significant soul searching, I have decided to suspend operations. I wish that I could legally share with you the events that led to my decision. I cannot. I feel you deserve to know what?s going on--the first amendment is supposed to guarantee me the freedom to speak out in situations like this. Unfortunately, Congress has passed laws that say otherwise. As things currently stand, I cannot share my experiences over the last six weeks, even though I have twice made the appropriate requests.
What?s going to happen now? We?ve already started preparing the paperwork needed to continue to fight for the Constitution in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. A favorable decision would allow me resurrect Lavabit as an American company.
This experience has taught me one very important lesson: without congressional action or a strong judicial precedent, I would _strongly_ recommend against anyone trusting their private data to a company with physical ties to the United States.
Ladar Levison
Owner and Operator, Lavabit LLC
Defending the constitution is expensive! Help us by donating to the Lavabit Legal Defense Fund here [1].
[1] #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-08-10 23:26:02
@_author: nettime's secret court staffer 
@_subject: <nettime> Interview with Lavabit's Ladar Levison 
On an phone interview with CNET and Jesse Binnall, Levison's Virginia-based attorney, about the decision to shutter Lavabit, Levison spoke about the connection between Lavabit and the Patriot Act, how he thinks the laws regarding privacy ought to change, and how the American government is failing to uphold the U.S. Constitution.
__What's the key issue here? Why did you shut down Lavabit?
Levison: For me it wasn't about protecting a single user, but protecting the privacy of all my users, coupled with the fact that I wasn't able to discuss it publicly.
I believe that people have the right to know what their government is doing. I had an issue with me doing what they wanted me to do without them disclosing it.
We've had a couple of dozen court orders served to us over the past 10 years, but they've never crossed the line...
__Until now?
Levison: I can neither confirm nor deny "until now." Are you familiar with the case of Aaron Swartz, familiar with the accusations of prosecutorial misconduct? There may be parallels between that case and this.
__If you could write the legislation covering privacy and electronic communication, what would it say?
Levison: One of the things that would be nice to come out of this would be that the court shouldn't be able to make binding decisions that are secret. If there's going to be legislation from the bench, so to speak, it needs to be open to review from the American public.
Just the idea of secret laws, so to speak, bothers me tremendously. That should almost be a constitutional change.
We've shown that some of our most important freedoms can't be trusted to Congress, they need to be placed in the Constitution. Going beyond that, as an Internet service provider, there needs to be a more clear definition of our protections.
Right now, as a third-party litigation, we effectively have no rights. There's no legal framework that we can fight with or against anything that is unjust. They're abusing their secrecy to hide their surveillance I think that there's a lot more that will come out, and that needs to come out. I obviously can't tell you what was happening and what I know, and I was uncomfortable with it. I'd rather shut down my service and my primary source of income than be complicit in crimes against the American people.
__In the current situation, are there any bright red lines that you wouldn't cross?
Levison: It's unfortunate that even our own lawmakers don't have a good understanding of what's going on.
Philosophically, I put myself in a position that I was comfortable turning over the information that I had. I built Lavabit in a reaction to the original Patriot Act. I didn't want to be in a position to turn [user data] over without judicial review.
Where the government would hypothetically cross the line is to violate the privacy of all of my users. This is not about protecting a single person or persons, it's about protecting all my users. What level of access to this nation does the government have?
__How did the Patriot Act influence your e-mail service?
It played a big role in how I designed the custom platform. All I needed when somebody registers was a name and a password. I didn't need a real name, address, social security number, credit card number... Why should I collect that info if I didn't need it? [That philosophy] also governed what kind of information I logged.
Speaking philosophically, I think people who hold other people's private information and money have an obligation to be more open to the public. That principle of openness has become a key issue. It's definitely become an issue as it relates to some of the recent coverage in the media.
The current administration is not being transparent and open about what it is they're doing, even to members of Congress.
__How have Lavabit's users reacted?
Levison: It's overwhelmingly positive. Some of them are understandably frustrated that I had to shut down without notice. I lost my one and only e-mail account over the past 10 years, as well. I feel my decision was the lesser of two evils.
__What happens to your customer's e-mails and data?
Levison: I'm looking into setting up a site where users can download their data and set up a forwarding [e-mail] address, but that may take a week or two to set up. That's all I can do until I feel confident that I can resume the service without having to compromise its integrity.
I will make it clear that I don't plan to use any encryption for that site. [People] should only use it if they feel comfortable with the information being intercepted. And yes, I do plan to have that disclaimer on the site.
Unfortunately, what's become clear is that there's no protections in our current body of law to keep the government from compelling us to provide the information necessary to decrypt those communications in secret.
I'm still looking at seeing if that's even logistically feasible -- there's half a billion messages [sent in the 10 years Lavabit operated]. By shutting down the service, I will be losing the infrastructure that I used to support all those people.
There's stuff that I can't share with my own lawyer. This is going to be a long fight.
__What made Lavabit successful?
Levison: Lavabit at the time of the shutdown had 410,000 users, with 40,000 weekly log-ins, 200,000 e-mails sent a day -- 1.4 million e-mails a week.
We were in a very narrow category of what I like to call medium-sized providers. Once you get over the 50,000 to 100,000 user threshold, e-mail becomes a very difficult problem of scale. It's why you see so many e-mail providers come and go.
We managed to break through that barrier by building a custom platform to handle it. It's similar in architecture to some of the big guys [Google, Yahoo, and Microsoft, which combined provide Web mail to more than 1 billion people].
__How did Lavabit get started?
Levison: I've been a geek my entire life. I was with a group of college friends of mine, that was how an e-mail service by geeks, for geeks, came about. [It was called] Nerdshack, with an emphasis on security and privacy. It had POP and IMAP access. For a long time we were the only free POP service.
__How do you identify yourself politically?
Levison: I'm a conservative Republican. I believe in small government and keeping our government out of our business. But I'm from California, and if there's one thing we love in California, it's being able to speak our mind. I love God and guns, too. Texans are big on freedom. I'm probably a blend of [California and Texas] at this point.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-08-11 22:23:00
@_author: nettime's_orchid_man 
@_subject: <nettime> Adam Curtis: BUGGER 
< BUGGER: MAYBE THE REAL STATE SECRET IS THAT SPIES AREN'T VERY GOOD
AT THEIR JOBS AND DON'T KNOW VERY MUCH ABOUT THE WORLD
   Thursday 8 August 2013, 17:31
     Adam Curtis
   The recent revelations by the whistleblower Edward Snowden were
   fascinating. But they -- and all the reactions to them -- had one
   enormous assumption at their heart.
   That the spies know what they are doing.
   It is a belief that has been central to much of the journalism about
   spying and spies over the past fifty years. That the anonymous figures
   in the intelligence world have a dark omniscience. That they know
   what's going on in ways that we don't.
   It doesn't matter whether you hate the spies and believe they are
   corroding democracy, or if you think they are the noble guardians of
   the state. In both cases the assumption is that the secret agents know
   more than we do.
   But the strange fact is that often when you look into the history of
   spies what you discover is something very different.
   It is not the story of men and women who have a better and deeper
   understanding of the world than we do. In fact in many cases it is the
   story of weirdos who have created a completely mad version of the world
   that they then impose on the rest of us.
   I want to tell some stories about MI5 -- and the very strange people who
   worked there. They are often funny, sometimes rather sad -- but always
   very odd.
   The stories also show how elites in Britain have used the aura of
   secret knowledge as a way of maintaining their power. But as their
   power waned the "secrets" became weirder and weirder.
   They were helped in this by another group who also felt their power was
   waning -- journalists. And together the journalists and spies concocted
   a strange, dark world of treachery and deceit which bore very little
   relationship to what was really going on. And still doesn't.
          [image: Secret Squirrel]
   PROLOGUE -- SALISBURY PLAIN 1991
   In January 1991, as the Gulf War began, MI5 became convinced they had
   discovered a secret Iraqi terror organisation based in Britain.
   They had found a list of thirty three Iraqis who were studying for PhDs
   in London. The list had been sent by the Iraq embassy in London to the
   Bank of England to ask the Bank not to freeze the grants the students
   lived on. The Bank sent the list to MI5 and the agents quickly realised
   that actually they were looking at something far worse -- a nationwide
   Iraqi military terror cell.
   The reason they knew this was because the person who sent the list was
   the deputy military attache at the embassy.
   Immediately the police were told to swoop on the 33 "students" -- and
   they were taken to a disused military camp at Rollestone in the middle
   of Salisbury plain and interned as prisoners of war. They were
   surrounded by two levels of high security razor wire and guarded by a
   hundred heavily armed soldiers.
   It was the first time anyone had been held like this in Britain since
   the Second World War.
          [movie]
   In fact the letter showed nothing of the kind. The Iraqi military
   attache was also in charge of administering student grants for Iraqis
   studying in Britain.
   Some of them did get funding from the Iraqi military -- for studying
   things like the structure of polymers. But, as a British professor
   pointed out, if that same interpretation were applied to British
   science students, over half of them would be immediately re-classified
   as terrorists.
   Here is part of a programme made later that year about the absurdity of
   what happened. It shows how neither the detainees or their lawyers were
   even allowed to know what the evidence was that had led to them being
   imprisoned.
   The man who defends MI5 with such fervor will turn up later in this
   story -- playing a very odd role. he is called Nigel West -- but his real
   name is Rupert Allason.
   I've added on the news reports of the same Iraqis suddenly being
   released from the heavily fortified camp. But now everyone is referring
   to them as "students".
          [movie]
   An inquiry was held later that year into the scandal. It asked MI5 to
   produce its evidence. Other than the letter, the secret agents came up
   with nothing.
   They had imagined the whole thing. But they justified it by saying
   "It was best to err on the side of caution".
   NEARLY A HUNDRED YEARS EARLIER
   THE DAILY MAIL CIRCULATION DEPARTMENT 1906
   William Le Queux was a popular novelist in the early part of the
   twentieth century. He was half French, half British and he wrote books
   with wonderful titles like Strange Tales of a Nihilist.
          [image: Strange Tales of a Nihilist]
   Le Queux had started off as a journalist on the Daily Mail -- but then
   had travelled around Europe getting to know lots of famous and infamous
   people. But as he did so he became convinced that many of the European
   countries, but most of all Germany, envied Britain and wanted to get
   their hands on the wealth of the Empire.
   The trouble was that the British people didn't realise this. So Le
   Queux set out to warn them -- above all by telling them that the Germans
   were sending spies to Britain to prepare for an invasion.
          [image: Le Queux book covers]
   But the ruling classes in Britain laughed at Le Queux. They said it was
   just fiction -- which it was. Plus he wasn't really British and he
   hadn't been to a proper school, he was far too vulgar and insistent in
   his patriotism. In short he was a bore.
   So Le Queux did what anyone in their right mind would do in such a
   situation. He turned to the Daily Mail.
   He wrote a gripping account of a future German invasion of Britain and
   took it to Lord Northcliffe who ran the Mail. It was called "The
   Invasion of 1910" and it described how the Germans landed in East
   Anglia and marched on London.
   Northcliffe loved it -- but the Mail's circulation department said that
   many of the towns on Le Queux's invasion route didn't have many actual
   or potential Daily Mail readers in them.
   So Lord Northcliffe changed the route of the invasion to make sure that
   all the towns that were sacked and pillaged had lots of Daily Mail
   readers. Here is the map of the invasion as agreed with the circulation
   department.
     [image: Le Quex map]
   The serialisation was an enormous success. The prime minister got up in
   the House of Commons and said Le Queux was "a pernicious scaremonger"
   and that the story was "calculated to alarm the more ignorant public
   opinion at home."
   Result.
   Then things started getting out of control. Thousands of Daily Mail
   readers sent Le Queux letters telling him that they had spotted people
   acting suspiciously -- which meant they must be German spies.
   The letters were mirror images of what Le Queux had written in his
   books. But rather than making him suspicious, Le Queux decided that
   this proved that what he had written as fiction must actually be true.
   There was a gigantic German spy ring in Britain.
   Thousands of Daily Mail readers couldn't be wrong.
   The man whose job it was to uncover spies in Britain was very excited
   by all this. he was called Colonel Edmonds. He had a tiny budget and
   two assistants -- and noone on the General Staff bothered with him.
   But now Col. Edmonds saw his chance. He teamed up with Le Queux and
   together they bombarded the Committee for Imperial Defence with the
   evidence from the Daily Mail readers. Edmonds said that the government
   should set up a "secret service bureau" to combat the threat.
   The head of the Committee -- Lord Haldane -- said this was ridiculous.
   But even he couldn't stand against the wave of spy fever that was
   sweeping the country. He gave in -- and MI5 was set up -- created in
   large part by the dreams of a socially excluded novelist, and the
   paranoid imaginings of the readers of the Daily Mail.
     [image: Le Quex title page, Spies of the Kaiser]
   But the problem for MI5 was that the spy network didn't exist. The
   Germans did have some agents in Britain -- but nothing like the 5000
   that Le Queux had described.
   When war against Germany was declared in 1914 -- MI5 immediately rounded
   up 21 alleged German spies and proudly announced they had broken the
   network. But a brilliant piece of historical research by the historian
   Nicholas Hiley has shown that this wasn't true.
   Hiley doesn't mince his words. Here are his conclusions (Kell and Holt
   Wilson were the director and deputy directors):
   "One of the most famous successes of the British Security Service was
   its great spy round-up of August 1914. The event is still celebrated by
   MI5, but a careful study of the recently-opened records show it to be a
   complete fabrication -- MI5 created and perpetuated this remarkable lie.
   The great spy round-up of August 1914 never took place -- as it was a
   complete fabrication designed to protect MO5(G) from the interference
   of politicians or bureaucrats.
   The claim made next day that all but one had been arrested was false,
   and its constant repetition by Kell and Holt-Wilson was a lie."
   In other words -- MI5 had followed the shining example of William Le
   Queux and made it all up.
   But that didn't matter -- because it made a great story, and journalists
   loved it. Even in 1997 the BBC made a breathless documentary -- using
   the recently released files -- about how in 1914 MI5 had brilliantly
   rounded up the Kaiser's spy network on the eve of the first world war.
   Aside from perpetuating a fiction, the film has two great moments -- one
   is an interview with the grandson of the deputy head of MI5 who has an
   immortal line about his grandfather -- "of course he was very private
   about MI5 -- so the family knew nothing".
   And the end the programme has some wonderful stills of the party MI5
   held to celebrate the end of the war -- it's on their rooftop. Their
   faces are great.
          [movie]
   After the first world war MI5 declined in importance. But with the
   growing fears of communism in the 1920s and 30s a new threat emerged -
   not just communist agents from abroad, but British communists who might
   betray their own country.
   In many cases they came from the same upper classes as those running
   the secret services. And a strange dance began -- of toffs suspecting
   toffs.
   But even then MI5 couldn't get it right.
   Take the case of Cecil Day Lewis -- who was Daniel Day Lewis' father.
   Back in the 1930s he was a teacher at Cheltenham College -- one of the
   great Victorian public schools.
   But, despite his job, Cecil was convinced that he was really a
   revolutionary. And in 1933 he decided to foment revolutionary action in
   Britain -- by writing a poem. It was an epic he called "The Magnetic
   Mountain". He said his aim was to create
   "A violently revolutionary poem with abundant images (for example) of a
   barren, cancerous land led by 'getters not begetters', demanding 'It is
   now or never, the hour of the knife/ The break with the past, the major
   operation."
   Here is Cecil Day-Lewis looking both poetic and radical -- alongside
   some of the poem -- (you can see where Daniel Day Lewis gets it all
   from).
          [image: Cecil Day Lewis with poem]
   But Day-Lewis was disappointed by the lack of reaction. He admitted
   that the poem "did not create the slightest ripple of outrage amongst
   the guardians of Cheltenham."
   Even though the communist magazine -- the Partisan Review -- had said
   that it was "perhaps the most important revolutionary poem as yet
   written by an Englishman".
   And then MI5 noticed Cecil Day-Lewis. Not because of the poem -- but
   because he had sent ?5 as a donation to the headquarters of the
   Communist Party in London. So MI5 decided to put Day-Lewis under
   intense surveillance.
   The historian James Smith has written a wonderful book about how MI5
   spent a lot of time covertly watching many upper class British writers
   between 1930 and 1960. It is a great book because what it records is a
   strange and confused dance of manners among different parts of the
   British elite.
   Smith describes how MI5 got the local police to spend weeks watching
   Day-Lewis' house and intercepting his post. But they found nothing
   suspicious. Their report said that:
   "Day-Lewis seldom wears a hat, and is not altogether of smart
   appearance in dress. He is a good singer. He has moved into his cottage
   after having considerable structural improvements done there."
   MI5 were completely incompetent. They didn't discover the poem that
   Day-Lewis hoped would help to bring about a communist uprising in
   Britain.
   And not only did they miss the poem -- they didn't even realise he was a
   poet. All in all MI5 found nothing dangerous or revolutionary about
   Cecil Day-Lewis. It was humiliating.
   But they might have been right. James Smith describes how a few years
   later in 1940 Cecil Day Lewis was getting his mistress Rosamund Lehmann
   to pull strings in the British establishment so he could avoid getting
   called up to go and fight the fascists.
          [image: MI5 vol 1 secret]
   But in 1940 MI5 had its greatest success. It not only found a real
   German spy network in Britain -- but managed to persuade many of the
   German agents to switch sides.
   It was called the Double-Cross system -- and it is celebrated in
   histories of MI5 as a brilliant use of espionage. The German agents
   carried on spying for their masters in Berlin -- sending back detailed
   reports. But the information was all fake, designed to mislead and
   confuse the Nazis.
   But something else happened to all the intelligence agencies during the
   war -- MI6 as well as MI5. As they grew massively in size they became
   riddled with factions and infighting. And because all this happened
   behind a wall of secrecy, there was little to stop things becoming
   vicious and poisonous.
   The journalist Phillip Knightley has written a really good history of
   spies -- called The Second Oldest Profession. In it he quotes an agent
   describing what happened during the war years:
   "The whole organisation was riddled with nepotism -- dim, dreary people
   of utter unmemorability; sub-men who were doubled up with other sub-men
   to create an illusion of strength and only doubled the weakness; others
   made memorable only by poisonous, corrupt malevolence or crass, mulish
   stupidity; the whole run by a chain of command remarkable for its
   feebleness. The entire service was decrepit and incompetent."
   At the end of the war the new Labour government knew that something had
   to be done to sort out MI5. So they went and found Percy Sillitoe -- who
   was running a sweet shop in Eastbourne
     [image: Sillitoe]
   Sillitoe had retired after being Chief Constable of Glasgow -- where he
   had become famous as the only policeman brave enough to take on the
   "Razor Gangs" in the eastern part of the city.
   The gangs had names like The Bingo Boys and The Baltic Fleet -- and they
   terrorised Glasgow as they fought each other with hatchets, swords,
   open razors -- and razor blades stitched into the brims of their hats.
   You can get a sense of Sillitoe from this short film where he shows the
   BBC a new kind of armoured car he has invented to stop criminals
   holding up vans carrying cash. He invented the security van.
   I very much like how he says he is "concerned for the little man".
   I've also added an odd bit from a BBC film about graphology where the
   expert -- a "psycho-graphologist" -- analyses Percy Sillitoe's signature,
   and compares it to J Edgar Hoover's signature. Hoover was Sillitoe's
   American counterpart.
          [movie]
   The government asked Sillitoe to come and sort out the chaos in MI5 -
   and he agreed. But he quickly found that it was a very odd place -- all
   the insiders hated him, and they ridiculed him by speaking in Latin
   (which he didn't understand) in front of him. Plus they deliberately
   gave him the wrong papers when he went to see the Prime Minister.
   Sillitoe came back and told his wife -- "I sometimes think I am working
   in a madhouse." But he realised that he was dealing with very much the
   same situation that he had found in the slums of Glasgow -- different
   factions locked together in a strange, poisonous bubble.
   Here is a section of a very good film, made much later, about the
   successors to the razor gangs of Glasgow -- the gangs that Sillitoe had
   tried to suppress in the 1930s. And you can see the similarity to the
   world of the spies -- as one of the gang members puts it, "it's two ends
   of the same street at war with each other".
   I also love the pigeon-fancier who shows off the most high-security
   pigeon loft you have ever seen. He then reveals that he doesn't breed
   the pigeons for racing. Their job is to go and kidnap the pigeons from
   the other gangs.
          [movie]
   But before Sillitoe could do anything, it all went terribly wrong.
   Suddenly traitor after traitor was revealed in the very heart of the
   British establishment. It wasn't just pretentious radical poets who
   were a threat -- it was spies, diplomats and nuclear scientists within
   the system itself who had been giving away secrets to the Russians.
   There was a high-flying diplomat called Donald McLean, a nuclear
   scientist at the heart of Britain's atomic bomb project called Klaus
   Fuchs, plus two of MI6's top agents -- Guy Burgess and Kim Philby.
   One of MI5's main jobs was to find traitors -- but the awful truth was
   that it had failed to spot any of them.
   Percy Sillitoe was booted out. But things got even worse. In 1964 MI5
   were told that one of their own men had been a spy for the Russians. He
   was called Sir Anthony Blunt -- and not only had he been high-up in MI5
   -- but he had gone on to work in Buckingham Palace looking after the
   Queen's art collection. And even worse than that he was the Queen
   Mother's cousin.
          [image: Anthony Blunt]
   MI5 interrogated Sir Anthony and he calmly said that it was all true -
   he had been a traitor. MI5 was so embarrassed that they kept it all
   quiet, gave Blunt immunity from prosecution, and he carried on working
   at Buckingham Palace.
   The Daily Mail later said that the Royal Family had known all along
   anyway. That as far back as 1948 Sir Alan Lascelles -- the most senior
   aide to the Royal family -- had whispered "that's our Russian spy" to
   someone else as they passed Blunt in the palace.
   But that could have been a misinterpretation. Blunt had shocked the
   Queen Mother by telling her that he was an atheist -- and she had
   immediately assumed that meant he must be a communist.
   Clever Queen Mother -- wrong but right.
   Blunt had also become a bit of a TV star. Starting in the early 60s the
   BBC went to him regularly to take the viewers on a tour of the
   treasures of Buckingham Palace -- a sort of early Fiona Bruce.
   Here is part of one programme from 1962 -- two years before he was
   exposed as a traitor. Followed by a bit of another programme from 1972
   -- when a self-confessed KGB agent takes the viewers round Buckingham
   palace. Spot the difference.
   And at the end there is footage from 1979 -- when Blunt was exposed as a
   traitor. It's from some rushes I found in the library. The press
   chasing Sir Anthony are straight out of a British movie. And I love the
   interviewer's obsession that it was Blunt's "homosexual leanings" that
   made him betray his country.
   Blunt, though, doesn't bat an eyelid. It's as though he is still
   talking about some painting.
          [movie]
   Then, in 1971, MI5 got another big shock to the system. Most of their
   opponents -- Russian secret agents in Britain -- were kicked out, leaving
   MI5 with little to do. The irony was that it happened as a result of
   one of their few successes.
   In August 1971 an ordinary London policeman arrested a man who was
   driving drunkenly down Tottenham Court Road. He turned out to be Oleg
   Lyalin who was a KGB agent. Lyalin spent a lot of his time buying socks
   in the West Midlands -- pretending to be a member of the Soviet Trade
   delegation. But really he was spying.
   Lyalin panicked and offered to tell MI5 the names of all the Russian
   spies in Britain. In return he wanted to stay and live in Britain with
   his mistress. MI5 agreed -- and the Home Secretary expelled 105 other
   members of the trade delegation, because Lyalin said they were spies.
   Here are the reports -- plus a "News Special" which is an early example
   of the way TV journalism would report the hidden world of spying. It's
   got an anonymous British "research scientist" called "Jim Walker" who
   got caught up in all this -- and has some great MI5 surveillance footage
   of Jim and his controller Viktor leaving information at a "dead letter
   drop."
   Plus a very good telephone non-interview with the British Ambassador in
   Moscow.
          [movie]
   But the problem for MI5 is that the expulsions pretty much destroyed
   the KGB presence in Britain.
   The historian Stephen Dorril who has written a series of brilliant
   detailed histories of the intelligence agencies says that a later KGB
   defector called Oleg Gordievsky admitted that "the London residency
   never recovered from the expulsions".
   Dorril also says that the British government and its civil servants
   were well aware of this, and they became deeply suspicious of claims
   from MI5 and it's K Branch -- whose job was to monitor foreign agents -
   that there was still a big Soviet threat in Britain:
   "Senior civil servants dealing with the intelligence community were
   therefore aware that K Branch claims about the penetration of British
   political life and the threat to security from Soviet bloc operations
   were generally exaggerated."
   The brutal fact was that by the early 1970s MI5 not only had very
   little to do -- but also it's political masters were beginning to
   question whether it might be seriously incompetent.
   Edward Heath -- who had been Prime Minister when all this was happening
   -- later got up in the House of Commons and said bluntly what he had
   discovered about MI5 officers:
   "They talked the most ridiculous nonsense, and their whole philosophy
   was ridiculous nonsense.
   If some of them were on the tube and saw someone reading the Daily
   Mirror they would say -- 'Get after him, that man is dangerous, we must
   find out where he bought it.' "
   But those in charge in Britain also realised that there was nothing
   they could do to question or control the spies. The next prime minister
   in the 1970s -- Harold Wilson -- wrote a very serious book called The
   Governance of Britain full of long serious chapters.
   But when he got to chapter nine -- about
   THE PRIME MINISTER AND NATIONAL SECURITY
   This is what it looked like.
     [image: Wilson chapter]
   There are two paragraphs explaining that the prime minister has
   ultimate responsibility for the security agencies. And it ends with two
   more that simply say this:
   "The prime minister is occasionally questioned on matters arising out
   of his responsibility. His answers may be regarded as uniformly
   uninformative.
   There is no further information that can usefully or properly be added
   before bringing this Chapter to an end."
   In response to these kind of doubts and attacks MI5 turned inwards.
   The problem for the MI5 men -- stuck in their secret bubble -- was that
   they just couldn't believe that their failure was due to them being
   useless at their job. Not only had they failed to find any of the
   traitors, but operation after operation had ended in failure. And they
   convinced themselves that this meant there had to have been another
   traitor lurking somewhere in their building -- the MI5 HQ in Mayfair.
   They began a mad search for enemies inside the organisation itself -
   seeking to find more hidden traitors who could be used to explain why
   MI5 kept failing to do its job properly.
   It was the search for "Fifth Man" -- to go with the other four already
   exposed, Burgess, McLean, Philby and Blunt
          [image: MI5 building]
   A small group of MI5 men went to their boss and said they wanted to
   investigate all the past failures looking for evidence of treachery.
   Their boss was called Sir Roger Hollis -- and he said no. His argument
   was that operations often went wrong because of simple human failure,
   and to re-examine them on the basis that failure was evidence of
   treachery would tear the agency apart.
   Imagine what it would feel like he said to know you are being watched
   because a past operation you were involved with had gone wrong. "It's
   like the Gestapo" he said.
   So the small group of Mi5 agents decided he must be the traitor.
   Here is a picture of Roger Hollis.
          [image: Hollis]
   The small group in MI5 now became convinced that their organisation was
   not just penetrated by the Russians, it was actually run by a Soviet
   agent. They knew they had to get the truth out somehow even if it meant
   breaking the law. So they found a friendly journalist called Chapman
   Pincher and told him the hidden truth.
          [image: Hollis papers]
   Here is Chapman Pincher being interviewed on the Wogan programme about
   what then happened. Up to this point Pincher had been the Defence
   correspondent on the Daily Express. He was successful for getting
   "scoops" from "inside sources" -- although the historian EP Thompson
   said that really Chapman Pincher was:
   "A kind of official urinal in which ministers and intelligence and
   defence chiefs could stand patiently leaking."
   What the dissident MI5 agents now told Pincher was like super
   high-grade piss. Or, as he puts it in the Wogan interview, "it was like
   walking into an Aladdin's Cave". But what Pincher wrote was going to
   open the floodgates to a new kind of conspiracy journalism that still
   holds sway over large parts of the media imagination.
   Have a look at him and decide yourself -- high grade toilet or
   investigative journalist? Or maybe often they are the same thing?
   I've also included Pincher being interviewed on the TV news reports as
   the scandal unfolded. Everyone tries to get in on the act. The BBC
   presenter quotes Kim Philby as saying that Hollis wasn't very good at
   his job. But the presenter says that this is "ambiguous" -- and might be
   proof that Hollis really was a Soviet agent.
          [movie]
   The leading MI5 dissident who was leaking the information to Pincher
   was called Peter Wright. He was one of the most senior members of MI5
   but he was also somewhat paranoid.
   To get a sense of Peter Wright and how he saw the world I have put
   together some bits of him being interviewed in the 1980s about another
   of his conspiracy theories. This was that the Prime Minister -- Harold
   Wilson -- had also been a Soviet agent.
   In Wright's mind much of the British establishment had been directly or
   indirectly taken over by the Soviet Union. He had no hard evidence for
   this -- but he was driven by an underlying mind-set that was going to
   spread throughout much of the intelligence agencies -- and journalism -
   over the next twenty years.
   This said that if you imagined the other side was doing something
   devilish and deceptive -- then they probably were. It meant that in the
   dark world of intelligence, imagination was more powerful than obvious
   facts. Because if you couldn't find the evidence it proved how clever
   the enemy had been at covering their tracks.
   It was a fevered romantic view of the world that would both entrance
   the readers of newspapers -- but would also lead the intelligence
   agencies into the disaster of the weapons of mass destruction in Iraq
   in 2003
   Here is the grandaddy of that conviction -- Peter Wright. The person
   called Angleton he refers to was an even odder American equivalent of
   Wright who was high up in the CIA -- and who also was convinced Wilson
   was a Soviet agent.
   The tone of Wright's plaintive child like statement about Angleton -
   "he believed it -- he did" tells you a great deal about the emotions
   driving these strange men in their spy-bubbles.
          [movie]
   But as in all organisations -- egos started to come into play. Other MI5
   agents started leaking other names to other journalists. Pincher's main
   rival was a writer called Nigel West.
   Nigel upped the stakes. He began to publish books and articles alleging
   that all sorts of other people had been traitors. Here he is on
   Nationwide in 1981 in full flow. He says that a man called Leo Long was
   a traitor, and then goes on to suggest that others -- including even the
   former Governor of Uganda, Sir Andrew Cohen -- might be traitors.
   It's worth looking closely at what Nigel West says about Sir Andrew
   Cohen -- because it shows how weird this paranoid outpouring from the
   secret world was becoming. When he was an undergraduate at Cambridge in
   the 1930s Cohen had been a member of an intellectual society called The
   Apostles. So had two of the spies -- Burgess and Blunt.
   The interviewer asks Nigel how he knows Sir Andrew might be a traitor.
   Nigel says:
   "I haven't named him (Sir Andrew) up to now because it's not known
   whether he was a Soviet agent. But I think it's worth saying that
   anybody, if you are talking about the Apostles, many of them were
   Soviet agents. And he would undoubtedly have been questioned since he
   rose to a very senior position in the Department of Overseas
   Development"
   That's it. But Nigel does have a fabulous haircut.
          [movie]
   In the early to mid 80s more and more names poured out -- all accused of
   being KGB agents in the heart of the British establishment.
   One newspaper grouped them under headings
   "CONFESSED" -- "PARTIALLY CONFESSED" -- "UNRESOLVED"
   There was one great apology
   "Our list of MI5 spy suspects included Cedric Belfrage who MI5 officers
   said had made a partial confession and we said was dead.
   We are glad to make it clear he is alive, never made any confession and
   maintains he should not have been on the MI5 list at all."
   And Mrs Thatcher also got involved. Because it seemed to prove to her
   the thing she had believed all along -- that the British establishment
   were weak, spineless and easily corruptible. She happily admitted in
   Parliament that Anthony Blunt had been a traitor. And here she is in
   1986 merrily joining in with the latest accusation -- that Lord
   Rothschild had been the 5th Man.
   It later turned out that he wasn't.
          [movie]
   It became farce. The journalists who had started the mole-hunt went to
   war. Nigel West wrote a whole book announcing that he had discovered
   that the 5th man wasn't really Hollis, but was actually Hollis' deputy.
   He was a man called Graham Mitchell who in his spare time was a grand
   master in correspondence chess.
   Apparently the dissidents in MI5 were convinced that the letters he
   sent his chess-friends were his way of contacting his Soviet
   controllers. The moves he typed out were actually secret codes that
   disguised his treachery.
   Here is one of Graham Mitchell's games that he played in 1950. You are
   looking at a complicated code, whether it was secret messages to the
   Russians has never been proved.
          [image: Graham Mitchell chess]
   Another writer then found a letter in an old government file that had
   been written by Roger Hollis in the 1940s saying that the Russians
   shouldn't be trusted. Some journalists said that this proved he wasn't
   a traitor. But others said that Hollis had put the letter there
   deliberately so it could be found and throw MI5 off the scent.
   Here are the TV reports -- both of the Graham Mitchell "revelation", and
   the Hollis letter. The leader of the pack -- Chapman Pincher -- still
   insists Hollis is the 5th man. Nigel West says he is innocent.
   But Nigel now has a very good late 80s haircut.
          [movie]
   Then another writer called W. J. West wrote a book saying that the 5th
   man was Hollis after all.
   W J West turns out to have been an ex-hippie whose early years were
   memorably captured in a semi-autobiographical novel by another
   ex-hippie -- called "Ten Men". She describes a road trip across America
   as she desperately but unsuccessfully tries to shag him.
   Here's his book about the Fifth Man.
          [image: West book]
   But then -- in the midst of all these weirdos -- a dissenting voice
   emerged.
   James Rusbridger had been a spy back in the 50s and 60s -- and he now
   wrote a book called The Intelligence Game arguing that all this was
   rubbish -- and that all the journalists had been conned by a crazy gang
   of right-wing nutters in MI5.
   Rusbridger said that the newspapers and TV were being used to promote
   the obsessive belief of MI5 officers that their failure to do anything
   worthwhile for a quarter of a century was the consequence of there
   being a Russian spy in MI5.
   They couldn't face the fact that they were completely useless and
   incompetent.
   At last a voice of sanity.
   But unfortunately James Rusbridger was then found dead in his garden
   shed -- apparently the victim of an auto-erotic game that had gone
   wrong. He was naked apart from a rubber coat and a gas mask -- and his
   feet and legs were attached to the wall by a complicated system of
   pulleys.
   Of course it might have been a fiendishly clever assassination.
   Or just another spy-world weirdo.
          [image: Rusbridger]
   But this crazed witch hunt didn't harm MI5 at all. Quite the opposite -
   because together the spies and the journalists created an image in the
   public imagination of a dark world full of hidden treachery. The spy
   world became a fascinating other universe that was full of layer upon
   layer of deception, where the men who inhabited it spent their time
   trying to penetrate through the circles of falsehood to the inner
   sanctum of truth.
   It was an image that was powerfully helped by John Le Carre's novels -
   and his anti-hero George Smiley. Le Carre's novels were a clever piece
   of PR -- because they appeared to be more gritty and realistic than the
   glamourised James Bond image.
   But it was just another layer of deception -- because Smiley and his
   search for a hidden mole expressed powerfully the paranoid and
   unfounded fantasies of the dissident MI5 agents.
   But it was a world that was all made-up. Le Carre -- who had himself
   been a spy -- admitted this, and described what the true reality of the
   spy world was:
   "For a while you wondered whether the fools were pretending to be fools
   as some kind of deception, or whether there was a real efficient
   service somewhere else.
   Later in my fiction, I invented one.
   But alas the reality was the mediocrity. Ex-colonial policemen mingling
   with failed academics, failed lawyers, failed missionaries and failed
   debutantes gave our canteen the amorphous quality of an Old School
   outing on the Orient express. Everyone seemed to smell of failure."
          [image: Smiley covers]
   But this new image couldn't conceal MI5's incompetence for long.
   Because at the very same time that everyone was talking excitedly about
   completely invented moles, MI5 missed the real moles at the heart of
   the intelligence services -- even though they were completely obvious,
   and almost screaming to be noticed.
   Michael Bettaney worked in counter-espionage in MI5. He had been
   recruited when he was at Oxford university -- where he had been an
   admirer of Adolf Hitler and had a habit of singing the Nazi Party
   anthem in local pubs.
   Here is Bettaney back then.
          [image: Bettaney]
   MI5 did a thorough check on him -- called positive vetting -- and decided
   he was fine. Perfect MI5 material. Bettaney was then sent off to
   Northern Ireland to fight terrorism where he was wounded by a car bomb.
   He then had a horrible experience. Hidden in a cupboard he had to watch
   in silence as one of his informants was shot through the kneecaps boy
   other terrorists.
   Here is Bettaney later -- after he had been working for MI5.
          [image: Bettaneyi 2]
   Bettaney came back to London a changed man. He decided that MI5 was
   both corrupt and incompetent. He started drinking heavily and told his
   colleagues loudly that he was no longer a fascist -- but he had become a
   communist.
   So MI5 decided to promote him. He was positively vetted again -- found
   to be perfect MI5 material, and sent to the Russian desk.
   Bettaney became more and more unstable. In October 1982 he was
   convicted of being drunk and disorderly. The next week he was convicted
   for fare-dodging. Finally MI5 did begin to notice -- and two separate
   inquiries were set up to look into Bettaney's behaviour. But each was
   unaware of the other's existence.
   Neither of them noticed that he had been stealing a huge amount of MI5
   top secret documents and stashing them at his home. Bettaney was only
   caught when he took some of the best of these secrets and tried to
   stuff them into the letter box of the Second Secretary of the Russian
   Embassy -- Mr Gouk.
   This is a picture of Mr Gouk.
          [image: Gouk]
   Mr Gouk was so confused by this that, instead of passing them on to the
   KGB, he went round to MI5 and gave them back, and told them where they
   had come from. MI5 arrested Bettaney and he was put on trial.
   The man who was in charge of the vetting of government employees -- like
   Michael Bettaney -- was then allowed to vet the members of the jury at
   Bettaney's trial. Luckily this time he got it right -- and Bettaney was
   sent to prison on the Isle of Sheppey for 23 years.
   Here are some of the reports. Including Nigel West turning up yet again
   on Breakfast Time. Even Nigel is shocked by how MI5 didn't spot
   Bettaney. And he's having a bad hair day.
          [movie]
   The terrible truth that began to dawn in the 1980s was that MI5 -- whose
   job it was to catch spies that threatened Britain -- had never by its
   own devices caught a spy in its entire history.
   The case that really shocked Mrs Thatcher was the traitor Geoffrey
   Prime. In the 1970s he had worked at the top secret listening centre
   GCHQ and had been selling all it's secrets to the Russians.
          [image: Prime]
   And yet again it wasn't MI5 who uncovered his treachery -- it was the
   local police in Cheltenham.
   In 1982 a policeman came to his house enquiring about his car -- a
   rather distinct two-tone brown and white Mk IV Cortina -- a which had
   been seen in the vicinity of an assault on a young girl.
   Prime told the policeman that he had been at home all day. But that
   evening he and his wife Rhona went for a drive to the top of Cleeve
   Hill. As they sat in the twilight Prime told Rhona that he was the man
   the police were looking for. And not only that, he was also a Russian
   spy.
   Here is part of a very powerful interview Rhona Prime gave to the BBC
   where she describes that day -- and what she then did.
          [movie]
   Prime was a paedophile -- and had used spying techniques to monitor the
   activities of thousands of young girls around Cheltenham. He had
   created a vast set of index cards which showed when the girls were most
   likely to be alone at home. He then went round to their houses in his
   two tone Cortina and sexually assaulted them.
   Despite this Prime had been positively vetted six times.
   Even the Russians got worried about his paedophile activities and
   seemed to want to dump him. In 1980 Prime had gone to Vienna to meet
   the KGB. Instead of meeting him secretly as they normally did, the
   Russians took him openly to the best restaurants where they knew
   Western intelligence agents would recognise them as KGB agents.
   But even then noone noticed them -- or Prime.
   Prime's wife Rhona wrestled with her conscience -- and in the end went
   to the police and told them everything about Prime. He was sent to jail
   for 35 years for spying and 3 years for the assaults on young girls -
   which says a lot about the priorities of the British establishment at
   that time.
          [movie]
   The cases of Bettaney and Prime revealed not only just how incompetent
   MI5 was -- but also how sad and seedy the secret world of spies really
   was.
   But even in the midst of all this treachery -- a surprising thing
   happened.
   Rhona Prime decided to stand by her husband. Here is Rhona describing
   how her deep christian beliefs gave her the strength to stand by her
   husband. She is very calm and composed, and somehow her dignity makes
   you realise just how odd the whole spy thing was. A strange hysteria
   driven by totally inadequate men -- both agents and journalists -- who
   were incapable of dealing with real human emotions like love and
   loyalty.
   Rhona talks about something else -- unconditional love. Receiving
   unconditional love, she says, makes us whole and beautiful people
   because we are totally accepted. The very opposite of treachery.
          [movie]
   At the same time, one of the original traitors -- Kim Philby -- died in
   the Soviet Union. The BBC cameraman Phil Goodwin has given me the
   unedited rushes recording Philby's funeral in Moscow. He found it in
   the back of a cupboard in the BBC's Moscow office.
   It's an amazing record of a weird communist state funeral -- held for an
   upper class Englishman in a Moscow graveyard in 1987. Standing all
   around are the faces of the Russian side of the spy world -- and it is
   great to look at their faces, peeking out for a moment from their
   traditional secrecy.
   Then Philby's coffin arrives accompanied by a military band and members
   of the KGB holding all Philby's Soviet medals on orange cushions. It's
   an extraordinary scene. But also watch the woman with red hair. She is
   Philby's widow -- Rufina -- who had lived with him and helped him through
   alcoholism and depression.
   Watch what Rufina does. It's really moving. Love and loyalty breaking
   through again into this narrow, nasty world.
          [movie]
   And even Michael Bettaney found love. Marion Johnstone, who was a
   research scientist and also a communist, wrote to him in prison in
   1985. She began to visit him -- and they became engaged.
   But in 1995 there was a security scare that reawakened all the spy
   journalists on papers like the Mail -- and made them huff and puff
   again. Marion was found to have taken some photos and made some
   drawings of the landscape on Sheppey around the prison and given them
   to Bettaney.
   The prison authorities confiscated them, and the journalists
   immediately said that this was part of an escape plan to spring the
   traitor from jail. Marion denied this -- she insisted that because
   Bettaney was kept in solitary confinement she just wanted to show him
   how beautiful the landscape was outside.
   And she is right. The landscape around Bettaney's prison, Swaleside, is
   extraordinary and beautiful. A little while ago I managed to get onto
   Deadman's Island which is nearby on the river Swale.
   It is a moody place because it is where prisoners from a long time ago
   -- the Napoleonic wars of the 1800s -- were buried. They had been held on
   the "hulks", floating prisons off the coast of Sheppey.
   What makes the island so strange is that it is covered by water every
   high tide -- and that washes away the mud and opens up the prisoners'
   graves. It means that the island is littered with human bones.
   The warden of Deadman's Island very kindly showed me round -- and here
   he is showing me the open graves and the bones of prisoners, other
   kinds of traitors, from a very different war of long ago.
          [movie]
   But what really did for all of the intelligence agencies at the end of
   the eighties is that none of them predicted the collapse of communism.
   Mrs Thatcher's advisor -- Charles Powell -- summed up the extraordinary
   failure:
   "The biggest single failure of intelligence of that era was the failure
   of almost everybody to foresee the end of communism. it caught us
   completely on the hop. All that intelligence about their war-fighting
   capabilities was all very well, but it didn't tell us the one thing we
   needed to know -- that it was all about to collapse.
   It was a colossal failure of the whole Western system of intelligence
   assessment and political judgement."
   But the real reason that the intelligence agencies didn't predict the
   collapse of the Soviet system was because many of the people at the top
   of the agencies couldn't believe it was true.
   Sir Percy Cradock was one of the most powerful figure in the British
   establishment. He was the chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee
   -- which co-ordinated the activities of MI5, MI6 and other intelligence
   groups. Even at the end of the eighties when everyone else was
   realising that the Soviet Union was collapsing, Sir Percy remained
   convinced that this was all a trick. That the Soviet Union was still
   aiming for communist domination of the world.
   Here is Sir Percy
          [image: Percy Cradock]
   Cradock -- along with a number of others high up in the intelligence
   agencies -- really believed that Gorbachev's reforms were just a cunning
   ruse to deceive the West. And -- as Mark Urban has pointed out in his
   book UK Eyes Alpha -- Sir Percy used his position to make sure that this
   view dominated the Joint Intelligence Committee.
   But as Urban also points out -- Sir Percy and his allies had no secret
   evidence for this. They relied on what was pompously called "analysing
   open source data". Otherwise known as reading the newspapers and
   watching TV. Except they interpreted that data in a mad way -- driven by
   their own fevered imaginings of a world completely possessed by
   infinite levels of deception
   Mrs Thatcher realised this was bonkers -- and she finally gave up on the
   spies.
   And that really should have been that for MI5.
   Except ten years later it was saved by the War on Terror -- and since
   then MI5 has grown massively. But what no-one seems to know is whether
   MI5 has changed.
   For most of the twentieth century the combination of ineptitude and
   secrecy created an organisation that retreated more and more into a
   world of fictional conspiracies in order to disguise it's repeated
   failures. The question is whether the same is true today?
   Disasters like the total intelligence failure over the WMD in Iraq
   would suggest that nothing much had changed. But the trouble is there
   is no way we can ever find out. The spies live behind a wall of secrecy
   and when anyone tries to criticise them, the spies respond by saying
   that they have prevented attacks and saved us from terrible danger. But
   they can't show us the evidence because that is secret.
   It was recently revealed that back in the 1970s -- at the height of the
   obsession with traitors -- MI5 trained a specially bred group of Gerbils
   to detect spies. Gerbils have a very acute sense of smell and they were
   used in interrogations to tell whether the suspects were releasing
   adrenaline -- because that would show they were under stress and lying.
   Then they tried the Gerbils to see if they could detect terrorists who
   were about to carry a bomb onto a plane. But the gerbils got confused
   because they couldn't tell the difference between the terrorists and
   ordinary people who were frightened of flying who were also pumping out
   adrenaline in their sweat.
   So the gerbils failed as well.
   Perhaps MI5 shouldn't have given up so easily. Maybe what we need is a
   better class of gerbil to find out the truth? But maybe we have them
   already -- they're called journalists.
          [image: gerbil]
   But the saddest thing in this whole story is that Rhona Prime did not
   stay with her husband Geoffrey. In 1995 she met and fell in love with
   someone else.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-08-27 10:47:50
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Cryptome suffers brief take-down over Japanese 'terror' files 
Cryptome suffers brief take-down over Japanese 'terror' files
Bitten by attack dog, just a flesh wound
By Richard Chirgwin, 26th August 2013
Longstanding whistleblower site Cryptome.org is back online after a
brief takedown, sparked by its hosting of a list of alleged Japanese
The takedown by host Network Solutions came as a result of a complaint
signed Sima Jiro, who complained that the 114 documents in a file
identified as jp-terrorist-files.zip contained lots of personal
information, such as named, DOBs, family structures, workplaces, phone
numbers. And also containing lots of documents which are probably
classified or confidential.
The complainant also hoped not to be identified to Cryptome: I
sincerely ask you to refrain from sending my request forward to your
customer or administrator of Cryptome or the uploader of the ZIP
Network Solutions initially complied with the request. However 
presumably following some discussion between John Young and Network
Solutions  it has now been restored.
Young is no stranger to takedowns. His site, an anonymous drop-box
for whistleblowers which documents both corporate and government
shenanigans, has been variously attacked with notices from Microsoft
(taken down and then restored), Yahoo! (taken down and restored), and
PayPal (banned then unbanned).
In 2010, Young famously described Wikileaks' Julian Assange as a
narcissistic individual who is willing to sacrifice Bradley
Manning* and anyone else to advance their own interests (*now Chelsea
The correspondence over the latest takedown is here. [1]
[1] #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-03-26 05:01:18
@_author: nettime's_roving_reporter 
@_subject: <nettime> Schneier: The Internet is a surveillance state 
The Internet is a surveillance state
   By Bruce Schneier, Special to CNN
   March 16, 2013 -- Updated 1804 GMT (0204 HKT)
   I'm going to start with three data points.
   One: Some of the Chinese military hackers who were implicated in a
   broad set of attacks against the U.S. government and corporations were
   identified because they accessed Facebook from the same network
   infrastructure they used to carry out their attacks.
   Two: Hector Monsegur, one of the leaders of the LulzSac hacker
   movement, was identified and arrested last year by the FBI.
   Although he practiced good computer security and used an anonymous
   relay service to protect his identity, he slipped up.
   And three: Paula Broadwell,who had an affair with CIA director
   David Petraeus, similarly took extensive precautions to hide her
   identity. She never logged in to her anonymous e-mail service from her
   home network. Instead, she used hotel and other public networks when
   she e-mailed him. The FBI correlated hotel registration data from
   several different hotels -- and hers was the common name.
   The Internet is a surveillance state. Whether we admit it to ourselves
   or not, and whether we like it or not, we're being tracked all the
   time. Google tracks us, both on its pages and on other pages it has
   access to. Facebook does the same; it even tracks non-Facebook
   users. Apple tracks us on our iPhones and iPads. One reporter used a
   tool called Collusion to track who was tracking him; 105 companies
   tracked his Internet use during one 36-hour period.
   Become a fan of CNNOpinion
   Stay up to date on the latest opinion, analysis and conversations
   through social media. Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion and follow us
    on Twitter. We welcome your ideas and comments.
   Increasingly, what we do on the Internet is being combined with other
   data about us. Unmasking Broadwell's identity involved correlating her
   Internet activity with her hotel stays. Everything we do now involves
   computers, and computers produce data as a natural by-product.
   Everything is now being saved and correlated, and many big-data
   companies make money by building up intimate profiles of our lives
   from a variety of sources.
   News: Cyberthreats getting worse, House intelligence officials warn
   Facebook, for example, correlates your online behavior with your
   purchasing habits offline. And there's more. There's location data from
   your cell phone, there's a record of your movements from closed-circuit
   TVs.
   This is ubiquitous surveillance: All of us being watched, all
   the time, and that data being stored forever. This is what a
   surveillance state looks like, and it's efficient beyond the wildest
   dreams of George Orwell.
   Sure, we can take measures to prevent this. We can limit what we search
   on Google from our iPhones, and instead use computer web browsers that
   allow us to delete cookies. We can use an alias on Facebook. We can
   turn our cell phones off and spend cash. But increasingly, none of it
   matters.
   There are simply too many ways to be tracked. The Internet, e-mail,
   cell phones, web browsers, social networking sites, search
   engines: these have become necessities, and it's fanciful to expect
   people to simply refuse to use them just because they don't like the
   spying, especially since the full extent of such spying is deliberately
   hidden from us and there are few alternatives being marketed by
   companies that don't spy.
   This isn't something the free market can fix. We consumers have no
   choice in the matter. All the major companies that provide us with
   Internet services are interested in tracking us. Visit a website and it
   will almost certainly know who you are; there are lots of ways to
   be tracked without cookies. Cellphone companies routinely
   undo the web's privacy protection. One experiment at Carnegie
   Mellon took real-time videos of students on campus and was able to
   identify one-third of them by comparing their photos with publicly
   available tagged Facebook photos.
   Maintaining privacy on the Internet is nearly impossible. If you forget
   even once to enable your protections, or click on the wrong link, or
   type the wrong thing, and you've permanently attached your name to
   whatever anonymous service you're using. Monsegur slipped up once, and
   the FBI got him. If the director of the CIA can't maintain his privacy
   on the Internet, we've got no hope.
   In today's world, governments and corporations are working together to
   keep things that way. Governments are happy to use the data
   corporations collect -- occasionally demanding that they collect more
   and save it longer -- to spy on us. And corporations are happy to buy
   data from governments. Together the powerful spy on the powerless, and
   they're not going to give up their positions of power, despite what the
   people want.
   Fixing this requires strong government will, but they're just as
   punch-drunk on data as the corporations. Slap-on-the-wrist fines
   notwithstanding, no one is agitating for better privacy laws.
   So, we're done. Welcome to a world where Google knows exactly what sort
   of porn you all like, and more about your interests than your spouse
   does. Welcome to a world where your cell phone company knows exactly
   where you are all the time. Welcome to the end of private
   conversations, because increasingly your conversations are conducted by
   e-mail, text, or social networking sites.
   And welcome to a world where all of this, and everything else that you
   do or is done on a computer, is saved, correlated, studied, passed
   around from company to company without your knowledge or consent; and
   where the government accesses it at will without a warrant.
   Welcome to an Internet without privacy, and we've ended up here
   with hardly a fight.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-10-03 15:22:04
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Two million 'internet opinion analysts' 
Two million 'internet opinion analysts' employed to monitor China's vast
online population.
Government employees trawl through blogs and social media to dissect
public opinion
Thursday, 03 October, 2013, 6:04pm
Patrick Boehler patrick.boehler at scmp.com
Some two million people are employed by the Chinese government at all
levels, as well as businesses, to monitor public opinion on Chinese
social media, according to a report in Thursdays Beijing News.
By trawling through blogs, microblog posts and social networks, these
"Internet opinion analysts," most of them government employees, dissect
public opinion on local issues and try to identify accusations of
corruption and poor governance. They keep local leadership, from county
to province, informed on a daily basis via text messages and written
The Beijing-based newspaper took advantage of a seminar for these
monitors, held in the capital in mid-October by the Peoples Daily
Online Public Opinion Monitoring Centre, a think tank-like unit of the
Communist Partys official mouthpiece, to meet these usually anonymous
local government staffers known as online public opinion analysts.
Even though the industry has been around for at least six years, the
Ministry of Human Resources only listed their duties earlier this month
as an official profession certified by the ministrys China Employment
Training Technical Instruction Centre.
They use taxpayers money to suppress taxpayers voices
Online commentator
Since 2008, the Peoples Dailys think tank has advised local
governments to quicken the pace of issuing public statements and
reacting to online debate and viral political statements. In 2011, it
called on officials to react within the four golden hours after an
incident, such a train crash or a riot, to provide information and
prevent allegations of cover-ups.
One such analyst the Beijing News interviewed heads the public opinion
monitoring office of a county in Henan province. Every day, the man with
the pseudonym Yuan Ming would search his countys name on Google and
Baidu, the Chinese equivalent of the international search engine.
Special software bought by the county at a cost of three million yuan
alerts his office to trending topics on social media, according to the
Local Communist Party propaganda departments have for years employed
contractors, known as wumao at a reported rate of 0.5 yuan paid for
every online post, so they can monitor public opinion and counterbalance
negative voices with positive ones, as well as slander those critical of
the local or central government officials.
The certification of public opinion monitors has led many people
online to quip that wumao have been given proper and government jobs,
coveted by many for their job security.
Who pays their salaries? one person asked. They use taxpayers money
to suppress taxpayers voices, wrote another
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-10-12 23:53:37
@_author: nettime's_roving_reporter 
@_subject: <nettime> Milton Mueller: Core Internet institutions abandon the US Government 
<  >
The core Internet institutions abandon the US Government
   [Milton Mueller]
   October 11, 2013
   In Montevideo, Uruguay this week, the Directors of all the major
   Internet organizations - ICANN, the Internet Engineering Task Force,
   the Internet Architecture Board, the World Wide Web Consortium, the
   Internet Society, all five of the regional Internet address registries
   - turned their back on the US government. With striking unanimity, the
   organizations that actually develop and administer Internet standards
   and resources initiated a break with 3 decades of U.S. dominance of
   Internet governance.
   [15]A statement released by this group called for "accelerating the
   globalization of ICANN and IANA functions, towards an environment in
   which all stakeholders, including all governments, participate on an
   equal footing." That part of the statement constituted an explicit
   rejection of the US Commerce Department's unilateral oversight of ICANN
   through the IANA contract. It also indirectly attacks the US unilateral
   approach to the Affirmation of Commitments, the pact between the US and
   ICANN which provides for periodic reviews of its activities by the GAC
   and other members of the ICANN community. (The Affirmation was
   conceived as an agreement between ICANN and the US exclusively - it
   would not have been difficult to allow other states to sign on as
   well.)
  15.    Underscoring the global significance and the determination of the group
   to have a global impact, the Montevideo statement was released in
   English, Spanish, French, Arabic, Russian and Chinese. In conversations
   with some of the participants of the Montevideo meeting, it became
   clear that they were thinking of new forms of multistakeholder
   oversight as a substitute for US oversight, although no detailed
   blueprint exists.
   But that was only the beginning. A day after the Montevideo
   declaration, the President and CEO of ICANN, Fadi Chehadi - the man
   vetted by the US government to lead its keystone Internet governance
   institution - met with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff. And at this
   meeting, Chehade engaged in some audacious private Internet diplomacy.
   He asked "the president [of Brazil] to elevate her leadership to a new
   level, to ensure that we can all get together around a new model of
   governance in which all are equal." A press release from the Brazilian
   government said that President Rousseff [16]wanted the event to be held
   in April 2014 in Rio de Janeiro. The President of ICANN thus not only
   allied himself with a political figure who has been intensely critical
   of the US government and the NSA spying program, he conspired with her
   to convene a global meeting to begin forging a new system of Internet
   governance that would move beyond the old world of US hegemony.
  16.    Make no mistake about it: this is important. It is the latest, and one
   of the most significant manifestations of the fallout from the Snowden
   revelations about NSA spying on the global Internet. It's one thing
   when the government of Brazil, a longtime antagonist regarding the US
   role in Internet governance, gets indignant and makes threats because
   of the revelations. And of course, the gloating of representatives of
   the International Telecommunication Union could be expected. But this
   is different. Brazil's state is now allied with the spokespersons for
   all of the organically evolved Internet institutions, the
   representatives of the very "multi-stakeholder model" the US purports
   to defend. You know you've made a big mistake, a life-changing mistake,
   when even your own children abandon you en masse.
   Here at the Internet Governance Project we take only a grim
   satisfaction in this latest turn of events. We have been urging the USG
   to end its privileged role and complete the privatization of the DNS
   management for nearly ten years. The proper substitute for unilateral
   Commerce Department oversight, we argued, was not multilateral
   "political oversight" but[17] an international agreement articulating
   clear rules regarding what ICANN can and cannot do, an agreement that
   explicitly protects freedom of expression and other individual rights
   and liberal Internet governance principles. We have heard every
   argument imaginable about why this did not have to happen: no one
   really cared about the governance of the DNS root; there was no better
   alternative; the rest of the world secretly wanted the US to do this;
   etc., etc. A combination of arrogance, complacency and domestic
   political pressure prevented any action.
  17.    Had that advice been heeded, had the US sought to divest itself of its
   unilateral oversight on its own initiative, it could have exercised
   some control over the transition and advanced its cherished values of
   freedom and democracy. It could have ensured, for example, that an
   independent ICANN was subject to clear limits on its authority and to
   new forms of accountability, which it badly needs. Now the U.S. has
   lost the initiative, irretrievably. The future evolution of Internet
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-09-05 23:36:35
@_author: nettime's avid gift giver 
@_subject: <nettime> Report of Tangible Gifts Furnished by the Central Intelligence Agency 
Gifts to Federal Employees from Foreign Government Sources Reported to
Employing Agencies in Calendar Year 2012
Agency: Central Intelligence Agency
Revolving desk clock barometer/thermometer. Rec'd1/8/2012. Est.
Value$500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Silver double-spouted presentation teapot. Rec'd1/19/2012. Est.
Value$500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Bronzed composition of a soldier. Rec'd1/20/2012. Est.
Value$500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Administration Bronze dagger blade, circa 930-586 BCE, with a
silver wreath mount. Rec'd1/26/2012. Est. Value$500.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Steel kilij-style blade saber with copper mounted leather scabbard.
Rec'd2/2/2012. Est. Value$700.00. DispositionPending Transfer
to General Services Administration
White Fendi wristwatch. Rec'd2/10/2012. Est. Value$1,000.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Large check Burberry cashmere scarf. Rec'd2/10/2012. Est.
Value$395.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Silver Valentino wristwatch. Rec'd2/10/2012. Est. Value$500.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Large, framed lithograph of a seated figure, unsigned.
Rec'd2/10/2012. Est. Value$500.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
Maple Walnut two-string lahuta in a fitted walnut case.
Rec'd2/13/2012. Est. Value$500.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
Gold overlaid opaque white glass vase. Rec'd3/12/2012. Est.
Value$500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Coral studded filigree silver single-edge dagger. Rec'd3/13/2012.
Est. Value$1,500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General
Services Administration
Coral-studded filigree silver model of a four-masted ship.
Rec'd3/14/2012. Est. Value$3,500.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
Three Roman-Byzantine pottery vessels, circa 1st Century
A.D.5th Century B.C. Rec'd3/19/2012. Est. Value$750.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Silver model of a two-masted ship. Rec'd4/16/2012. Est.
Value$1,500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
6 x 4 silk rug, red ground with a red and navy blue border.
Rec'd4/23/2012. Est. Value$1,200.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
Bronze commemorative monument. Rec'd5/9/2012. Est.
Value$500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Administration Single-edged steel saber in a brass mounted scabbard.
Rec'd6/5/2012. Est. Value$500.00. DispositionPending Transfer
to General Services Administration
Silver and pink glazed coffee set. Rec'd6/5/2012. Est.
Value$400.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General
Services Administration Gilt metal hilted commemorative replica
of Khan Kubrat's sword. Rec'd6/6/2012. Est. Value$500.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Silver mounted black leather scabbard and steel blade saber.
Rec'd6/7/2012. Est. Value$1,500.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
Silver presentation bowl. Rec'd6/12/2012. Est. Value$700.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Large golden falcon with a clock insert. Rec'd7/9/2012. Est.
Value$1,500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Small golden falcon with a clock insert. Rec'd7/9/2012. Est.
Value$500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Petrus Pomerol Grand Vin, 2001. Rec'd7/9/2012. Est.
Value$1,700.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Administration 6.8 x 4.4 silk rug, ivory with a light blue
and beige background. Rec'd7/10/2012. Est. Value$8,000.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Rolex gentleman's stainless steel automatic chronometer wristwatch.
Rec'd7/10/2012. Est. Value$6,500.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
5 x 3 silk rug, ivory background with beige and rose accents.
Rec'd8/2/2012. Est. Value$700.00. DispositionPending Transfer
to General Services Administration
6.6 x 4.1 silk rug, red background with a beige ground
guard border. Rec'd9/3/2012. Est. Value$5,000.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Filigree silver scabbard with short sword. Rec'd9/7/2012. Est.
Value$2,500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Sheep's horn bow and arrow. Rec'd11/11/2012. Est. Value$500.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Woven fabric in a commemorative metal mounted red stained wood stand.
Rec'd2/21/2012. Est. Value$500.00. DispositionOn Display in
the Deputy Director's Suite for Official Use Only
Cartier silver men's watch. Rec'd2/21/2012. Est. Value$9,000.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Black steel barrel and walnut stock shotgun. Rec'd3/4/2012. Est.
Value$700.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Filigree silver double-edged short sword and scabbard.
Rec'd3/4/2012. Est. Value$2,500.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
One medium plate with semi-precious stones inlaid and one matching
small plate. Rec'd4/25/2012. Est. Value$500.00. DispositionOn
Display in the Deputy Director's Suite for Official Use Only
Six silver commemorative medallions. Rec'd6/17/2012. Est.
Value$500.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
8 x 5 silk rug, navy blue ground with three vertical rows
of stylized flowers. Rec'd6/19/2012. Est. Value$2,000.00.
DispositionOn Display in the Deputy Director's Suite for Official
Use Only
Hamilton Jazzmaster watch. Rec'd7/9/2012. Est. Value$1,500.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Filigree silver double-edged dagger. Rec'd9/28/2012. Est.
Value$1,500.00. DispositionOn Display in the Deputy Director's
Suite for Official Use Only
Gold bullion presentation coin. Rec'd2/1/2008. Est.
Value$2,000.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General
Services Administration Two silk rugs, one brown and one yellow.
Rec'd6/1/2010. Est. Value$800.00. DispositionPending Transfer
to General Services Administration
Cartier Roadster fountain pen. Rec'd1/5/2012. Est. Value$750.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
18 brown wood grain M1 rifle. Rec'd1/18/2012. Est.
Value$699.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Chess set and a silk rug. Rec'd4/16/2012. Est. Value$1,080.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Cartier ink pen. Rec'd4/30/2012. Est. Value$395.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Sterling silver cufflinks and silver fountain pen. Rec'd5/25/2012.
Est. Value$800.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General
Services Administration
Baum and Mercier quartz watch. Rec'd5/25/2012. Est.
Value$1,190.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General
Services Administration Romanson Trofish edition Swiss wristwatch.
Rec'd6/15/2012. Est. Value$1,000.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
Romanson Trofish edition Swiss wristwatch. Rec'd6/15/2012. Est.
Value$1,000.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Romanson Trofish edition Swiss wristwatch. Rec'd6/15/2012. Est.
Value$1,000.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Romanson Trofish edition Swiss wristwatch. Rec'd6/15/2012. Est.
Value$1,000.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Femini-T Tissot lady's watch. Rec'd6/28/2012. Est. Value$850.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Cartier ink pen. Rec'd7/7/2012. Est. Value$395.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Hamilton Jazzmaster Watch. Rec'd7/9/2012. Est. Value$1,500.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Hamilton stainless steel wristwatch with brown leather band.
Rec'd7/10/2012. Est. Value$1,500.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
Pierre Balmain Swiss quartz men's watch. Rec'd7/16/2012. Est.
Value$700.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Raymond Weil watch. Rec'd7/18/2012. Est. Value$750.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
EOS 60D SLR camera with 18-135MM lens. Rec'd7/27/2012. Est.
Value$1,150.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Rolex gold and stainless steel wristwatch. Rec'd7/30/2012. Est.
Value$14,000.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Silk rug. Rec'd9/16/2012. Est. Value$500.00.
DispositionPending Transfer to General Services Administration
Rado Centrix men's wristwatch. Rec'd10/18/2012. Est.
Value$1,250.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
Six encased displays with various historical items including rare
stamps, currencies, and prayer books. Rec'd11/6/2012. Est.
Value$6,000.00. DispositionPending Transfer to General Services
3 x 5 silk rug. Two bottles of cologne. An iPhone 5.
Rec'd12/20/2012. Est. Value$3,375.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
Chopard cufflinks. Chopard ballpoint pen. Chopard money clip.
Rec'd12/29/2012. Est. Value$1,000.00. DispositionPending
Transfer to General Services Administration
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2014-07-17 09:59:02
@_author: nettime's blockwart 
@_subject: <nettime> A message from the police: IF YOU SUSPECT IT, REPORT IT 
Terrorists have to live somewhere. They store their equipment and
materials somewhere. They need vehicles. They have people who help
them - and these people might come and go at strange times of the
day and night. They may make unusual financial transactions or use
false documents to hide their real identities. They may be behaving
differently to how you've known them to behave in the past.
If you suspect it, report it. You can also give non-urgent
information that may assist police investigations online through
Van  Terrorists need transport. If you work in commercial vehicle
hire or sales, has a sale or rental made you suspicious?
Passport  Terrorists use multiple identities. Do you know someone
with documents in different names for no obvious reason?
Mobile phone  Terrorists need communication. Anonymous, pay-as-you-go
and stolen mobiles are typical. Have you seen someone with large
quantities of mobile phones? Has it made you suspicious?
Camera  Terrorists need information. Observation and surveillance
help terrorists plan attacks. Have you seen anyone taking pictures of
security arrangements?
Chemicals  Do you know someone buying large or unusual quantities of
chemicals for no obvious reason?
Mask and goggles  Terrorists use protective equipment. Handling
chemicals is dangerous. Maybe youve seen goggles or masks dumped
Credit card  Terrorists need funding. Cheque and credit card fraud
are ways terrorists generate cash. Have you seen any suspicious
Computer  Terrorists use computers. Do you know someone who visits
terrorist-related websites?
Suitcase  Terrorists need to travel. Meetings training and planning
can take place anywhere. Do you know someone who travels but is vague
about where they are going?
Padlock  Terrorists need storage. Lock-ups, garages and sheds can all
be used by terrorists to store equipment. Are you suspicious of anyone
renting a commercial property?
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org
