
@_date: 1997-07-17 23:47:12
@_author: Peter G. Neumann 
@_subject: i miss carol anne cyphergrrl 
Dank U, Zooko!
We are indeed on the horns of a dilemma.
As long as the vendors can get away with crapware
(with respect to security, reliability, robustness, etc.),
there is no incentive to do better.  In info-peace, most
folks don't care.  In info-war, the bad guys (on all sides)
are delighted that the systems are flaky, and the good guys
lose.  However, the governmental incentives that exist seem
to opt for dumbing down -- despite the realization that governments cannot get x-worthy systems to satisfy their own
needs.  Short-sighted parado[x|c]trinarianism abounds.

@_date: 2000-11-08 10:20:27
@_author: Peter G. Neumann 
@_subject: No subject 
FROM SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes, January 1989, Peter G. Neumann:
The latest item on the integrity of computers in elections relates
to the November 1988 Senate race in Florida.  *The New York Times*
(Saturday, 12 Nov 88, page 9) had an article by Andrew Rosenthal
on suspicions of fraud arising from the results.  At the end of the
Election Day ballot counting, the Democrat Buddy Mackay was ahead.
After the absentee ballots were counted, the Republican Connie Mack
was declared the winner by 30,000 votes out of 4 million.  However,
in four counties (for which B.R.C. provided the computing services),
the number of votes counted for Senator was 200,000 votes less than
the votes for President while in other counties and in previous
elections the two vote totals have generally been close to each
other.  Remembering that punched card are intrinsically a flaky medium
and easy to alter surreptitiously, and that the computer systems
in question reportedly permit their operators to turn off the audit
trails and to change arbitrary memory locations on the fly, it seems
natural to wonder whether anything strange went on.  Subsequent to
the Times article, a recount was requested, but a selective recount
of a few precincts apparently turned up nothing unusual.  However,
doubts linger about the essential subvertibility of the process --
particularly in the case of punched cards.
In Texas, a law suit has been filed on behalf of the voters of the
state challenging the entire election and requesting not a recount
but an entirely new election.  The grounds are that the State did
not follow its own procedures for certifying the election equipment.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2007-07-12 11:10:18
@_author: Peter G. Neumann 
@_subject: Phone switch rootkit in Greek surveillance (Re: RISKS-24.72) 
Jeremy Kirk, Greek spying case uncovers first phone switch rootkit, 12 Jul 2007
A highly sophisticated spying operation that tapped into the mobile phones
of Greece's prime minister and other top government officials has
highlighted weaknesses in telecommunications systems that still use
decades-old computer code, according to a report by two computer scientists.
The spying case, where the calls of around 100 people were secretly tapped,
remains unsolved and is still being investigated. Also complicating the case
is the questionable suicide in March 2005 of a top engineer at Vodafone
Group in Greece in charge of network planning.
A look into how the hack was accomplished has revealed an operation of
breathtaking depth and success, according to an analysis on IEEE Spectrum
Online, the Web site of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
The case includes the "first known rootkit that has been installed in an
[phone] exchange," said Diomidis Spinellis, an associate professor at the
Athens University of Economics and Business, who authored the report with
Vassilis Prevelakis, an assistant professor of computer science at Drexel
University in Philadelphia.
A rootkit is a special program that buries itself deep into an OS for some
malicious activity and is extremely difficult to detect. The rootkit enabled
a transaction log to be disabled and allow call monitoring on four switches
made by Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson within Vodafone's equipment. The
software enabled the hackers to monitor phone calls in the same way law
enforcement would, minus the required court order. The software allowed for
a second, parallel voice stream to be sent to another phone for monitoring.
The intruders covered their tracks by installing patches on the system to
route around logging mechanisms that would alert administrators that calls
were being monitored. "It took guile and some serious programming chops to
manipulate the lawful call-intercept functions in Vodafone's mobile
switching centers," the authors wrote.
The secret operation was finally discovered around January 2005 when the
hackers tried to update their software and interfered with how text messages
were forwarded, which generated an alert. Investigators found hackers had
installed 6,500 lines of code, an extremely complex coding feat.
"The size of the code is not something that somebody could hack in a
weekend," Spinellis said. "It takes a lot of expertise and time to do that."
The investigation, which included a Greek parliamentary inquiry, netted no
suspects, due in part to key data that was lost or destroyed by Vodafone,
the authors wrote. It's not known if the hack was an inside job.
Vodafone may have been able to discover the scheme sooner through
statistical call analysis that could have linked the calls of those being
monitored to calls to phones used to monitor the conversations, they wrote.
Carriers already do that sort of analysis, but more for marketing than
But the defense against rogue code, viruses and rootkits is complicated due
to how telecom infrastructure has developed. "Complex interactions between
subsystems and baroque coding styles (some of them remnants of programs
written 20 or 30 years ago) confound developers and auditors alike," the
report said.

@_date: 2007-07-15 13:32:35
@_author: Peter G. Neumann 
@_subject: Exploiting Online Games, Hoglund/McGraw 
Greg Hoglund and Gary McGraw
Exploiting Online Games:
Cheating Massively Distributed Systems
(with a foreword by Ed Felten)
provides some background on the book.
  The most interesting thing to me about EOG is that I believe the kinds of
  time and state errors found in MMORPGs [massively multiplayer online
  role-playing games] like World of Warcraft are indicators of what we can
  expect over the next decade as SOA actually catches on.  You see, moving
  around state between gazillions of clients and a central server in real
  time is a huge security challenge.  Most software people screw it up.
  Darkreading wrote a little story about this:
    The book is packed with real code, hard-core examples, and things you can
  try yourself.  Give it a spin!
For multiplayer game developers, the book is a goldmine on virtual-world
security -- particularly what needs to be learned from the RISKS Experience.
For RISKS readers not really interested in games per se, there is still much
grist for the mill in this book.  The subtitle of the book is perhaps the
real hook, exploring what developers of large complex distributed systems
need to learn and mistakes not to make.  A quote from Avi Rubin is pithy:
"Every White Hat should read it.  It's their only hope of staying only one
step behind the bad guys."  PGN

@_date: 2011-12-01 06:06:38
@_author: Peter G. Neumann 
@_subject: Civilian Use of Drone Aircraft May Soon Fly In the US (W. J. Hennigan) 
"Drone aircraft, best known for their role in hunting and destroying
terrorist hideouts in Afghanistan and Pakistan, may be coming soon to the
skies near you. Police agencies want drones for air support to find runaway
criminals. Utility companies expect they can help monitor oil, gas and water
pipelines. Farmers believe drones could aid in spraying crops with
pesticides. 'It's going to happen,' said Dan Elwell, vice president of civil
aviation at the Aerospace Industries Association.  'Now it's about figuring
out how to safely assimilate the technology into national airspace.'  That's
the job of the Federal Aviation Administration, which plans to propose new
rules for using small drones in January, a first step toward integrating
robotic aircraft into the nation's skyways."  [Source: W.J. Hennigan,
*Seattle Times*, 29 Nov 2011]
    [Misappropriating Vint Cerf's famous statement on the Internet,
    ``Drones are for everyone?''  PGN]

@_date: 2012-04-15 10:40:46
@_author: Peter G. Neumann 
@_subject: Insider attack on smart meters 
Interesting convergence of different underestimated issues - insider
attacks (frequently ignored) and smart meters (largely ignored).
[Thanks to Jeremy Epstein for spotting this one.  PGN]
FBI Concerned About Smart Meter Hacking, 9 Apr 2012
According to an FBI cyber bulletin, an unnamed utility company in Puerto
Rico was the target of attacks against smart meters, costing the company
hundreds of millions of dollars. This appears to be the first report of such
attacks and the FBI expects that the occurrence of similar attacks will rise
as the smart grid technology is more widely adopted. The FBI believes that
former employees of the meter manufacturer reprogrammed meters for between
US $300 and US $3,000 so that the associated buildings appeared to be
consuming less power than they actually used.  Most meters are read
remotely, making fraud detection difficult. The alterations require physical

@_date: 2012-09-02 17:12:03
@_author: Peter G. Neumann 
@_subject: Harvard Students in Cheating Scandal Say Collaboration Was Accepted 
[An early mention of this case stated: ``Harvard University is
  investigating what it calls an `unprecedented' case of cheating.  College
  officials say around 125 students may have shared answers and plagiarized
  on a [Introduction To Congress] final exam.''  Source: Curt Nickisch, NPR
  31 Aug.]  The exam in question was an open-book take-home exam from a
  professor reportedly inclined to give mostly high grades based in part on
  factors such as the number of citations!  Perhaps many of the 125 students
  were citing the same sources from the Internet?  Is that collusion or
  collation collision?  We await details.  PGN]
Richard Perez-Pena, *The New York Times*, 31 Aug 2012
Harvard students suspected in a major cheating scandal said that many of the
accusations are based on innocent - or at least tolerated - collaboration
among students, and with help from graduate-student teachers who sometimes
gave them answers to test questions.
Students said they were tripped up by a course whose tests were confusing,
whose grading was inconsistent, and for which the professor and teaching
assistants gave contradictory signals about what was expected. They face the
possibility of a one-year suspension from Harvard or revocation of their
diplomas if they have already graduated, and some said that they will sue
the university if any serious punishment is meted out.
In years past, the course, Introduction to Congress, had a reputation as one
of the easiest at Harvard College.  Some of the 279 students who took it in
the spring semester said that the teacher, Matthew B. Platt, an assistant
professor of government, told them at the outset that he gave high grades
and that neither attending his lectures nor the discussion sessions with
graduate teaching fellows was mandatory. ...
