
@_date: 2015-07-21 09:53:11
@_author: Nick Econopouly 
@_subject: an ominous comment 
References: <20150714155203.826F52282E2
 <871tg5puda.fsf
 <20150718151551.GA2439
 <55AA8B5E.1040202
 <55ad62b8.8915370a.20276.ffffa5a6
 <55AD6DF7.50903 <55AD8704.8070104
 <55adc555.0ae88c0a.425f.3132
It is child's thinking to think that the NSA only does bad things. You
can think of the Govt. as fundamentally bad or evil or whatever but it
simply isn't logical for it to never, say, thwart a legitimate attack
(no "t" word, you're welcome) that it didn't cause. the propaganda you
mention wouldn't work if people, including those working for the govt.,
thought that the govt. wasn't working to solve the problem. The govt HAS
to do good things to retain its legitimacy in enough of its peoples'
The US government does not keep its power over its citizens with
just brute force and propaganda. It is a complex social relationship,
and yes a great deal of propaganda is involved. But it is not
totalitarian the way you frame it. It is not like a children's movie
where the villians are all ugly and you can tell they are villians just
from the way they look and talk. The policeman, the marine dude, and
even the politician or CIA official came from some family and applied
for the job because it was considered an acceptable way to make a living
and contribute to society. They are not all evil. It doesn't matter if
the nasty recipe of them all mixed together makes the USA cause/commit
atrocities, it's simplistic and basically false to act like every one of
these USians is evil. By killing these kinds of discussions with your delusional,
short-man-syndrome arguments, you are contributing to the problem. Think
of the disgruntled senator or NSA worker who is reading this list, and
finds they agree with our stuff. now, instead of being fascinated by
some of the other posts that were actually about cryptography, like
decentralized social nets, etc, they are clicking away because of your
Actually, to be honest, you are serving the NSA more than anyone on this
list, even the "spies". When it has been deserted because it resembles
the comments section of a youtube video, they will have you to thank.
Also, you guys really think there is an NSA-man personally
reading this list, looking for dissedents? Why would they waste their
time on this shit? The only ones subverting it are the most hardcore
cypherpunks here, who act like pretty much every free cryptography
program is US propaganda somehow. If juan is an agent, he is doing his
job very well.
Many people in the govt. think they are doing good, and to be honest a
good deal of them are. This coming from someone who thinks healthy society could
exist without a government. Citizens think the government is on their side too, and it's not that
they are simply brainwashed. There are no mandatory telivision hours
where you have to watch govt propaganda, the two main sources of it are
in the msm (TV), and at school while the child grows up. It isn't north
korea, or 1984.The citizens
don't feel forced, most of them, and it's because the government has
this habit of NOT being an evil, creepy death cult most of the time. The
bad stuff happens away from the public view including the stuff y'all
have mentioned like the CIA mercenary armies and fiddling with regimes
after WWII.
False. I wouldn't have interjected because then I am contributing to the
problems of this mailing list, but don't keep telling fabrications about
me please.
Literally every statement in that sentance is a lie about me. Not cool.
It's amusing how Juan picked up the "apologist" term from my emails and
is now using it incorrectly.

@_date: 2015-07-21 21:40:51
@_author: Nick Econopouly 
@_subject: an ominous comment 
References: <871tg5puda.fsf
 <20150718151551.GA2439
 <55AA8B5E.1040202
 <55ad62b8.8915370a.20276.ffffa5a6
 <55AD6DF7.50903 <55AD8704.8070104
 <55adc555.0ae88c0a.425f.3132
 <20150721135311.GA9266
 <55aea5dc.cc918c0a.1571.ffffb160
nah you basically can't understand my emails but ok
You don't get it, at all. Interestingly enough, a lot of anarchist theory agrees with what I said-
The idea that people are like blank slates and not good or evil. It says
that people are influenced by the world around them and that is what
determines their morality, etc.
So, for instance, while most people today could not accept or live in an
anarchist society(without some... un-indoctrination at the very least),
people who are raised in one would find it perfectly
normal and agreeable.
As in someone reading it in their free time, not because they were
assigned to spook it. Obviously.
Unintentionaly. Indirectly. Whatever. I guess adding a few implied words makes
reading comprehension easier for some people. I was not making a
statement about your affiliation.
No, it took you two paragraphs to show that you can't understand my
basic points.
I should have put quotes around "cypherpunks". I think it's laughable
for cypherpunks to basically not support some of the most important
cryptography around. You are hardcore because of your trolling, and
cypherpunk because you are on this list.
I guess it's too much for someone to openly say they aren't 100% sure
how to solve the worlds problems or if we can, and doesn't want to
affiliate with any specific "ism" prison.
The problem is one word could never do justice to a diverse, changing
view of the world. I tend not to have "political" beliefs anyway, unless
you count staying away from politics.
My friend is a volunteer firefighter, and most of the firefighters in
USA are volunteers. They have a town logo on them, but they are not
again, none of these things are true. My main point was black/white
arguments against the government are unrealistic and childish, and can't
hope to convince people that it is reasonable to question their society.
I was hardly praising anything. What I said about people thinking they
are doing good still stands. Ask any police officer, they will think
that they are protecting and serving the public. Whether or not that is
the actual role of their position.
When anti-authoritarians (or anarchists, or whatever people here are)
come off as haters of the meany evil poo-poo US government and all of
its villians, who will take them/us seriously?

@_date: 2015-07-30 21:15:30
@_author: Nick Econopouly 
@_subject: slur: you're going to hate it 
Paste for those who don't want to load the webpage:
Slur: You're going to hate it.
"Slur is an open source, decentralized and anonymous marketplace for the
selling of secret information in exchange for bitcoin. Slur is written
in C and operates over the Tor network with bitcoin transactions through
libbitcoin. Both buyers and sellers are fully anonymous and there are no
restrictions on the data that is auctioned. There is no charge to buy or
sell on the Slur marketplace except in the case of a dispute, where a
token sum is paid to volunteers. - See more at:
"How does it work ?
Sellers encrypt, upload and then list their data on the digital
market with the ease a user might list an item on eBay. They do so
with full anonymity and there are no restrictions on the content of
the data.
Exclusive bidders attempt to purchase the data for their own use
and / or prevent other parties from acquiring a copy. Should an
exclusive bidder win the auction they alone will receive the
decryption keys. The same data cannot be auctioned a second time
on the Slur marketplace.
Crowd bidders pool their funds into a single bid. Should they
win the auction the network will release the decryption keys
to all users on the Slur marketplace and the information will
therefore become public.
Arbitrators are randomly selected users who agree to weigh
in on a dispute should the winner of an auction claim that
the decrypted contents do not match the sellers
Public key cryptography ensures the data being sold can
only be decrypted by the winner of the auction.
- See more at: If correctly implemented this platform will have a profound and lasting
effect on our society.
An unregulated free market for information would redefine the net worth
of every person as their material assets would in the future be weighed
against the market value of their secrets.
As damaging as Slur can be to individuals it is considerably more so for
It's estimated that 5% of the general population are psychopaths.
Introducing financial incentive in an anonymous framework will produce a
greater yield of leaked information than from say the ideology that
drove patriots like Edward Snowden. For every idealist willing to
selflessly sacrifice their freedom, assets and even risk their lives for
a greater good, there are 1000 psychopaths willing to anonymously sell
out their peers for material gain.
Organizations of every type; governments, corporations and the military
are in the unfortunate predicament of having both a great deal of liquid
assets and a large number of secrets to protect - accessible by numerous
disgruntled or psychopathic personnel. When Slur becomes ubiquitous it
will bleed organizations secrets and funds.
The Slur marketplace will sharply increase demand for bitcoin from those
parties attempting to purchase previously inaccessible secret
information and organizations scrambling to suppress damaging leaks from
inside their own ranks or security breaches.
The Slur market is WikiLeaks 2.0. An incalculable resource for public
knowledge and unfiltered access to the truth. Except that in the future
journalists will need to compensate whistle blowers for the extreme
risks they take.
The types of information we expect to see on the Slur marketplace ;
Trade secrets.
Designs for every type of consumer product.
The source code for proprietary operating systems and high end
CAD software.
Zero day exploits. For the market defined value rather than
a price determined by the corporations under the guise of a
bounty with the veiled threat of legal action should the
researcher choose to sell elsewhere.
The details of backdoors covertly installed inside
industrial and consumer hardware and software.
Stolen databases. Corporations will no longer be able
to get away with an apology when they fail to secure
their customers confidential data. They will have to
pay the market value to suppress it.
Proof of tax evasion from disgruntled or underpaid
employees. Both the IRS and the public have an
interest in that information and the corporations
will have to bid to suppress it - a very
quantifiable and predictable payoff for the seller.
Military intelligence relevant to real-time
Aerospace and defense designs.
Evidence relevant to ongoing trials.
Unflattering celebrity photos and
The complete databases of social
media sites like facebook.
Proof of government corruption.
Close to an election. - See more
The site appeals for donations and has a crossed out sentence saying
production versions will be available in july 2015.

@_date: 2015-06-24 02:00:02
@_author: Nick Econopouly 
@_subject: U. S. A.! A-me-ri-cah, f--- yeah! - How to rule the world, U.S. 
References:  <1435086320.25701.26.camel
 <5589c366.4aef8c0a.6f02.ffffd8ee
There was no discussion on the 'nature of western governments and
western propaganda'. There were childish arguments between apologists of
Russia, US, and anarcho-capitalism. Although it is misrepresetation to call the
USsian in the conversation an apologist.
I think members of the group would be much more receptive to the
'nature of western governments and western propaganda' as a mature
discussion. As it was, how many of these can you count?
As for 'censoring' these discussion, a delicate topic on a mailing list
for people who support cryptography as a way to oppose censorship, have
anonymity, etc, why don't we go with simply allowing the users to block
members if they need to on their own mail clients. This seems
compatable with the philosophies of a cypherpunk(I would guess), 'leave
the user in control'.
What? You're delusional. Just because I see your fringe ideology for
what it is doesn't mean I suddenly support USA Gov or military.

@_date: 2015-06-27 04:33:31
@_author: Nick Econopouly 
@_subject: progression of technologies 
References: <20150625032613.48665228148
 <475901551.900256.1435383802741.JavaMail.yahoo
Also, in some states there were(/are?) laws prohibiting audio recording of
unwilling participants- but not video recording. This was used by police
to stop people from filming them, even in public places.
