
@_date: 2003-11-06 13:32:40
@_author: Nick Barnes 
@_subject: [s-t] needle in haystack digest #3 
My apologies; I don't have much information on the budget, interests,
capabilities, facilities, or operations of the NSA.
I guess I didn't make myself clear.  I wasn't hypothesizing an attack
against a fab.  I was saying that
      deeply paranoid "don't trust anyone" types
could well hypothesize such attacks.  They don't have to be
semi-automated Thompson-style attacks (and I didn't have those in
mind).  Put yourself in a "don't trust anyone" frame of mind, and
imagine that some part of the toolchain at (say) Intel includes
spyware which allows it to be controlled by (say) NSA.  Using this
spyware, NSA can watch a part of a CPU going through design-and-test
cycles, pick a part of the design to subvert, and carefully craft a
replacement for that part of the design.  Making the replacement part
do something useful for the NSA is left as an exercise for those who
enjoy this type of thing.
My point was that anyone who has a tendency to believe in this sort of
nonsense should, for consistency, be shunning mainstream hardware
altogether.  Even if they trust Intel, ho ho ho.
Yes.  I wasn't intending to suggest an attack based solely on masks.
The hypothesized attackers, having subverted the toolchain, have full
access at all levels of the hardware design (including design
documents, sources in various description languages, etc).
I agree (almost), but a Thompson attack doesn't have to do that.
Compilers read source code by calling read() and write object code by
calling write().  These are, IMO, the right places to attack.  A
program which open()s a descriptor on a file called \(*\).c and
read()s some source code from it, and open()s another descriptor on a
file called \1.o and write()s some object code to it, is probably a
Any Thompson attack is directed against a particular platform (e.g.
OS + compiler + hardware) *or set of platforms*.  That was the point I
was trying to make.  Plan 9 could have been vulnerable to an attack
created after the start of the project, targetting both gcc and (say)
I agree that [barring global conspiracies of the sort outlined above]
someone designing a new system from scratch tomorrow, *using only
tools and equipment available today*, and making the avoidance of
Thompson-style attacks a priority, could come away clean.
Off-hand, I guess that I would do it by avoiding having a modern
bootstrap in the first place.  I'd write my main compiler in some much
smaller simpler language, and keep it that way.
For myself, I still don't believe in Thompson attacks, or global
conspiracies subverting fab toolchains.  Global conspiracies seem to
use much less subtle approaches (insert here stuff about chads,
airliners, and Wars on Abstract Nouns).
I'm so unparanoid that I'm running GNU Emacs 21.3, built from suspect
sources.  Heck, I'm so unparanoid that I don't even believe that
Diebold is part of a global conspiracy.  Hanlon's razor, and all that.
Nick B

@_date: 2003-11-07 15:00:37
@_author: Nick Barnes 
@_subject: [s-t] needle in haystack digest #3 
I'm sure you're right.  It was a fun strawman to build, though.
Nick B
