
@_date: 2014-07-11 07:39:12
@_author: Nicolas Bourbaki 
@_subject: GeoIP is a threat to democracy 
Hash: SHA1
It seemed logical that old-world media companies would want to restrict
access to content on the Internet. GeoIP was then used to induce
distribution barriers analogous to those found offline so that existing
models of rent extraction could survive. And while this is something
most of us would be fine with leaving to the invisible hand of the
market we can not take the same stance when governments start to use
these measures to dictate who is a citizen, and who is not, and who is
provided civil liberties and who is not. This is what the XKeyscore
rules made clear was happening and will continue to happen in the future.
The internet standards and governing bodies cannot relinquish themselves
of political responsibility any longer. The structure of a protocol will
dictate our behavior and in this world there is no such thing as an
agnostic protocol. The term "neutrality" is false. In the context of
service providers battling with media providers over who gets a larger
share of rent from consumers, "neutrality" may be the agreed upon term
but the policies that result from this debate will have real impact on
our behavior, the ethics of the protocol, and our liberties.
Once a neutral protocol is understood as an oxymoron standards bodies
with charters claiming to serve the betterment of all nations,
corporations and consumers should be clearly seen for what they are: a
new Tower of Babel. Those of us still placing stones one on top of the
other within these institutions should take a moment to look at our work
and ask what are we actually doing.
In 2010 the DHS went against their own charter and hijacked ICANN's to
take down hundreds of domains for unclear copyright claims. Why is ICANN
still relevant when decentralized models could easily replace them when
supported by either the EU, Google or Firefox? And when the NSA can with
absolutely no oversight claim that the location of an IP in some table
dictates who gets civil liberties, why have we not replaced BGP or at
least begun to build parallel models within universities or like minded
corporations that could support reverse tunnels through collision free
identities similar to Tor's onion service handles?
The number of protocols that falsely advertised as agnostic are many. We
should be ashamed that it took such a scandal as pervasive western
surveillance to awaken us to this falsehood when so many, living under
more hostel regimes, have lived with the tools of oppression we built
into these protocols from the very start.
If we cannot convince our institutions to take fixing these falsehoods
seriously by considering civil liberties within the protocol, and
overcome the obstacles of legacy systems, and work for support for
parallel models, than at least we can hasten the demise of this Babel to
start anew. Indeed this may sadden optimists such as Larry Page and
others that are waiting for technology to become our messiah. But as
Benjamin Franklin would say, those who would trade liberated networks
for efficient networks deserve neither.

@_date: 2014-07-12 18:15:53
@_author: nicolasbourbaki at riseup.net 
@_subject: Cypherpunks for Office [Edu/corp giving personal information to 
Hash: SHA1
The Pirate Party and Cypherpunks party are populous movements
attempting to play the game within the construct of behavior most
expected. The establishment of a party itself with intent for
longevity is entirely unnecessary for what needs to be done. Most
people here should understand that ignoring ones own brand by
removing it entirely from the picture gives greater focus to a
singular ideal. Don't mistake this rhetoric for revolution. It is
only that Democracy has plenty of room for trolling and no one has
really figured this out yet.
Unbeknownst to most people born within the past 20+ years they were
all born with dual citizenship. First to their analog nationality
and second to the Yochai Benkler expands on this definition when describing Wikileaks
as part of the Networked Fourth Estate. That is, media institutions
not beholden to any particular nation. I would extend this further
to include people that took upon themselves an alternate understanding
of rights, social norms, governance and behaviors as experienced
through the network as an unwritten constitution. This is not just
hackers and cypherpunks but many internet users as a whole. It
includes *every* internet user that found any form of solace or
confidence through the liberated network. At this moment in time
you could be an American, European, South African or Brazilian and
all will collectively notice that this alternate constitution is
under attack, even if its existence is unknown.
The Pirate Party most certainly attempts to represent this 4th
estate. I applaud them. The reason they might fail to fix the
most significant problems we currently face is due to their
quest for longevity and a brand. We do not need 4 or 10 years
to fix these problems. We only need 100 days.

@_date: 2014-10-16 15:34:56
@_author: Nicolas Bourbaki 
@_subject: Corporate undercover nation-state agents 
It should be clear now, if not long ago, that the US Government is the silent occupier of the stateless generation. This is true no matter the protest the American technological industry may attempt present in response to this fact. In light of this "Balkanisation" should be seen as a marketing term thought up by US actors to prevent the rest of the world from noticing that their data, sitting in or traversing the US, has less rights than that of a Syrian refugee.

@_date: 2014-10-25 12:30:59
@_author: Nicolas Bourbaki 
@_subject: Of Sealand, corp, and country [was: nation-state] 
Hash: SHA1
Seasteading or island steading is a backward direction. Not because
it is not a good idea but because the nations people involved are
looking to build are no better than the ones they are looking to
leave. The US was founded by a bunch of rich white men that didn't
like paying taxes. The only difference with Google, or the Thiel
foundation, is that it would be rich white men that don't like
paying taxes and also happen to know how to code.

@_date: 2014-10-25 13:09:45
@_author: Nicolas Bourbaki 
@_subject: Time for IETF witch =?UTF-8?Q?hunt=3F=20=28was=3A=20NSA=20Co-Chai?= 
=?UTF-8?Q?f=20WebCrypto=20API=20in=20Doubt=29?=
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Is this a victory? Has anything been learned from the process? We know
that regime changes are meaningless if the means of governance are not
also reformed.
In July of 2013 JFC Morfin registered an appeal [1] to the IAB (IETF
governing body). He asked the IAB to consider how the concept of a
protocol should account for social and ethical requirements. The IAB's
response [2] was terse. It showed that these governing bodies lack the
means and will to consider how the tools they develop effect people.
We sit in a time where the architect of good citizenry is being
increasingly dictated by undemocratic institutions. We are quickly
trading space beholden to social contracts of the commons for those
built by neo-liberal corporations. The ethics of "the protocol" is
dictated by whichever company provides the most coffee and cake for the
next workgroup meeting. I think the argument of "GeoIP as a threat to
democracy" [3] provides an example rhetoric illustrating why concern for
this is so important and why perhaps a witch hunt within the IETF is in
