
@_date: 2011-06-11 17:53:32
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
+1.  A fiat currency with no capital controls and reasonably free
trade is probably the best currency system yet.  Details do matter
though.  It helps when the issuer doesn't inflate, for example.
Still, the U.S. dollar has been that sort of currency since the 70s,
and it's worked out rather well.  (Which isn't to say it will
continue, but if it doesn't, it won't be due to any flaws in this
currency system.)
A simple digital coin would be one with double spend detection, and
blind signatures for anonymity.  Double spend detection is a problem,
because it requires online infrastructure, which then becomes a
super-critical part of the economy, but I'm not sure how we can avoid
it.  The proof of computation idea is a total waste of precious energy
(check the news, energy shortages are likely to be a common problem in
Japan and Europe as a result of Fukushima, and probably elsewhere
Good point.  It's all in what's in that basket, and the rate of
transactions (i.e., whether people use this thing).
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2011-06-12 23:44:56
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
Yes, exactly.  If you want stable money then you need either a natural
resource with naturally limited growth (e.g., gold) (and some other
features), or an artificially limited resource (e.g., paper money).
The latter is always susceptible to politically caused inflation.  Any
cryptographic coin based on proof of work is a disaster because of
Moore's law and because the "work" is wasted energy -- and energy,
you'll note, is a very precious resource.  Ergo, a cryptographic coin
needs to be based on trusted issuers (or something else I've not seen
before nor thought of), and that means, effectively, a fiat currency.
Crypto is NOT a solution to political problems; never has been, never
will be.
Here's a thought experiment: if the present value of all actual,
tangible property, things, capital (production and service capacity),
as well as less tangible things such as people, and institutions
-altogether, basically, a nation's patrimony- were far, far exceeded
by nominal value stored in money in banks and mattresses, would that
money really be worth all that much?  I suspect that the answer is
"no".  I suspect that the most valuable feature of money is not to
store value in the long-term, but to lubricate commerce, that is, to
enable transactions on a basis better than barter.
It's always possible to get some people to do things that are not in
their interest.  See various cults.  (Note: I'm not saying bitcoin is
a cult.)
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2011-06-14 16:58:29
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [cryptography] Digital cash in the news... 
In a pinch crypto will not protect you.
Let's say you have an unbreakable code.  But there's still traffic
analysis, and even with onion routing and such, you don't know if your
peers are ratting you out, or if the state has infiltrated the onion
to a sufficient degree to find out a bit of what you're up to.  And so
on.  Push comes to shove, the truth is that power still comes from the
barrel of a gun.
Do the same thought experiment regarding cryptographic coins if you
like.  The state could easily make it so insignificant amounts of
business gets transacted in a cryptographic coin that the state cannot
subvert or control.
We use crypto to protect ourselves from non-state actors and
insufficiently motivated, _civilized_ state actors.  That's it.  And
even regarding non-state actors, you still depend on the civil law
system administered by the state.  If there's no state then you have
to arm yourself to the teeth and be willing to fight.
Uncivilized state actors will not give a damn about your crypto.  They
will torture you, your friends, your family.  They may enslave you.
Ultimately they may kill you.  The trick regarding uncivilized state
actors is to stay under their radar, or to take advantage of such
somewhat civilized subset of their behaviors as might remain, and
ultimately to get rid of the uncivilized state actors (by emigration,
revolution, or just waiting until you get lucky and they civilize on
their own).
Civilized state actors granting you due process of law might also not
give a damn about your crypto (see, e.g., the UK, where you can be
compelled, under criminal penalties, to produce cryptographic keys).
They won't torture you, etcetera, but they might deprive you of your
So: don't live in an uncivilized state (either civilize it or
emigrate), and then refrain from doing the sorts of things that might
cause even a civilized state to come down you like a ton of bricks
(i.e., refrain from committing crimes).  For added safety use crypto.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2011-06-15 04:05:54
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [cryptography] crypto & security/privacy balance (Re: Digital 
Don't misunderstand me: I think crypto has a place, and that place is
mostly to protect us from other private citizens, from foreign powers,
and from casual inspection by one's state (i.e., keeping the state and
its minions honest).  It's only when push comes to shove that crypto
doesn't help.
Long before push comes to shove you have to deal with the fact that
your crypto is only a small part of the big picture: do you know if
your peers are malicious? are your compute resources physically
secure? are you certain of that? are they tamper resistant? are there
unpatched, or worse, unknown-to-you vulnerabilities in your software
(or worse, firmware, or worse, hardware) that others could exploit? is
your key management secure?
Security is oh so much more than just using AES, so much more than
just using secure cryptographic protocols and algorithm suites.
Crypto does not completely change the nature of security in the online
world versus physical security in the off-line world -- there's
analogies for most situations.  Crypto alone is not a panacea.
If you want to live in a free society you must do more than hide
behind ciphers.  You must participate in its politics to keep your
society free.  If it isn't already free, then you have a very big
problem -- crypto can only be a small part of how you might address
For example, if in order to free your society you conclude that you
must change its culture openly, then crypto won't help you for you
must speak publicly.  Crypto will help you, to a point, if you're
trying to organize a revolt, but don't be surprised when crypto fails
to keep you safe in that case -- you'll likely need weapons and to be
willing to use them.
BTW, I'm surprised any of what I've said on this is remotely controversial.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2011-06-16 13:02:03
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [cryptography] crypto & security/privacy balance (Re: Digital 
Encryption, assuming they use it, hasn't helped them all that much.  A
great many of their rank-and-file as well as their leadership are
dead.  At least some of them were found via intelligence processes
that, from what we know, required no code breaking.  Osama, for
example, was found in part by traffic analysis.  Maybe he should have
been using Tor instead of USB sticks and couriers, but I bet usage of
Tor from a sleepy Islamabad suburb would have led to his being found
In other words, you've proved my point.
Sheer lunacy.  There's a real world analogy for most online
situations, and if you're willing to stretch a bit, for all online
Crypto is no more than an equivalent of doors, locks, keys, safes, and
hiding.  At the end of the day the rubber has to meet the road.
People need to interact with other people in order to obtain the
things they need for mere survival.  There are not eight billion
deserted islands in which each of us can survive alone, and we'd not
want to anyways because we're social beings.  And when the rubber
meets the road, the crypto stops helping.
Anyone can build a fortress to protect themselves from the surrounding
state.  There have been many such fortresses in the U.S., yet when
push came to shove in the case of the Branch Davidians in Waco, TX,
the fortress didn't help.  The reason: the state has more resources
because they represent a larger society.  Now, maybe the Davidians
should have made bio/chem/nuclear weapons with which to blackmail the
state into leaving them alone, but that would probably have brought
them to the attention of the state sooner, soon enough, one hopes,
that they never managed to get the weapons and delivery mechanisms
that would make them capable of pulling off the blackmail.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-03-25 23:54:13
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [cryptography] Key escrow 2012 
No, probably parts of it: the ones that don't have to think of the big
picture.  The U.S. government is not monolythic.  The NSA has shown a
number of times that they are interested in strong civilian
cryptography for reasons of... national security.  In a battle between
law enforcement and national security the latter has to win.
Key escrow == gigantic SPOF.  Even if you split the escrow across
several agencies and don't use a single master key, it's still
concentrating systemic failure potential into too few points.  To
build a single point of catastrophic failure into one's economic
infrastructure is one of the biggest strategic blunders I can imagine
(obviously there's worse, such as simply surrendering when one clearly
has the upper hand, say).  Back in the early 90s this probably wasn't
as clear as it is today.
Most users already pay heavy battery/performance taxes in the form of
uninstallable adware built into their devices.  The vendors might be
the ones to object then since they might have to stop shipping such
software.  But ultimately this argument depends on how heavy a burden
the users end up feeling.
For my money the winning argument is the strategic idiocy/insanity of
unnecessary SPOFs.  Who wants to ever even think of saying to the
POTUS "Mr. President, we have a mole, they've stolen the codes for our
civilian networks and they've shut them down from the people's shear
fear of financial and other losses. It will take months to re-key
everything and in the meantime we'll lose X% of GDP. The stock and
bond markets have crashed."  As time passes X will tend to increase in
the event of such a catastrophe.  The higher that percentage the more
crippling the attack, with derivatives losses becoming overwhelming at
small values of X.  It could get worse: "Mr. President, we can't even
re-key without changing all these hardware dongles that are
manufactured by the enemy, who's now not selling them to us."
If the point of key escrow is to make law enforcement easier then
there are much simpler non-cryptographic solutions -- not ones to your
taste or mine perhaps, but certainly ones that don't involve strategic
I'm with you: key escrow is necessarily dead letter, at least for the
time being and the foreseeable future.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-08-13 15:10:36
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [cryptography] LeastAuthority.com announces PRISM-proof storage service 
A few points:
 - if only you access your own files then there's much less interest
for a government in your files: they might contain evidence of crimes
and conspiracies, but you can always be compelled to produce those
 - if you share files then traffic analysis will reveal much about
what you're up to, and there may be much interest in getting at your
files' contents.
 - commercial operators who give you software to run can compromise
(or allow governments to compromise) you even if they are not
technically an end-point[*] for your end-to-end protocols.
 - it's really not easy to defeat the PRISMs.  the problem is
*political* more than technological.
 - i'm not trying to detract from Tahoe-LAFS -- it's a spectacular
idea, I wish it well, and I generally endorse filesystems of this
[*]  In Tahoe-LAFS, ZFS, and any other similar filesystems, there is
only one end-point: the client(s); the server, in particular, is NOT
an end-point.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-10-11 10:53:03
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [Cryptography] prism-proof email in the degenerate case 
Me too.  I've been telling people that all PRISM will accomplish
regarding the bad guys is to get them to use dead drops, such as comment
posting on any of millions of blogs -- low bandwidth, undetectable.  The
technique in this thread makes the use of a dead drop obvious, and adds
significantly to the recipient's work load, but in exchange brings the
bandwidth up to more usable levels.
Either way the communicating peers must pre-agree a number of things --
a traffic analysis achilles point, but it's one-time vulnerability, and
chances are people who would communicate this way already have such
Each server/list is a channel.  Pre-agree on channels or use hashes.  If
the latter then the hashes have to be of {sender, recipient}, else one
party has a lot of work to do, but then again, using just the sender or
just the recipient helps protect the other party against traffic
analysis.  Assuming there are millions of "channels" then maybe
something like
    H({sender, truncate(H(recipient), log2(number-of-channels-to check))})
will do just fine.  And truncate(H(recipient, log2(num-channels))) can
be used for introduction purposes.
The number of servers/lists divides the total work to do to receive a
But then the sender can't quite prove that they didn't send anything.
In a rubber hose attack this could be a problem.  This also applies to
recipients: they can be observed fetching messages, and they can be
observed expending power trying to find ones addressed to them.
Also, there's no DoS protection: flooding the lists with bogus messages
is a DoS on recipients.

@_date: 2013-09-12 14:04:08
@_author: Nico Williams 
@_subject: [cryptography] very little is missing for working BTNS in Openswan 
Note: you don't just want BTNS, you also want RFC5660 -- "IPsec
channels".  You also want to define a channel binding for such channels
(this is trivial).
To summarize: IPsec protects discrete *packets*, not discrete packet
*flows*.  This means that -depending on configuration- you might be
using IPsec to talk to some peer at some address at one moment, and the
next you might be talking to a different peer at the same address, and
you'd never know the difference.  IPsec channels consist of ensuring
that the peer's ID never changes during the life of a given packet flow
(e.g., TCP connection).  BTNS pretty much requires IPsec configurations
of that make you vulnerable in this way.  I think it should be obvious
now that "IPsec channels" is a necessary part of any BTNS
