
@_date: 2000-11-07 21:03:12
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: election 
anonymous lisped:
    So do you, right up the ass. With a lot of women around to cheer him on.

@_date: 2000-11-19 12:50:36
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Bush Cousin Made Florida Vote Call For Fox News 
By Howard Kurtz
   Washington Post Staff Writer
   Tuesday, November 14, 2000; Page C1
   In yet another bizarre twist to an already surreal campaign, the head
   of Fox News's Election Night decision desk - who recommended calling
   Florida, and the election, for George W. Bush - turns out to be Bush's
   first cousin.
   Even as he was leading the Fox decision desk that night, John Ellis
   was also on the phone with his cousins - "Jebbie," the governor of
   Florida, and the presidential candidate himself - giving them updated
   assessments of the vote count.
   Ellis's projection was crucial because Fox News Channel put Florida in
   the W. column at 2:16 a.m. - followed by NBC, CBS, CNN and ABC within
   four minutes. That decision, which turned out to be wrong and was
   retracted by the embarrassed networks less than two hours later,
   created the impression that Bush had "won" the White House.
   Which is why media circles were buzzing yesterday with the question of
   why Fox had installed a Bush relative in such a sensitive post.
   "Appearance of impropriety?" asks Fox Vice President John Moody, who
   approved Ellis's recommendation to call Florida for Bush. "I don't
   think there's anything improper about it as long as he doesn't behave
   improperly, and I have no evidence he did. . . . John has always
   conducted himself in an extremely professional manner."
   But Moody admits that Ellis's Election Night conversations with the
   cousins "would cause concern."
   Ellis - whose mother, Nancy Ellis, is the sister of former president
   George Bush - boasted to the New Yorker that "everyone followed us."
   He also said the morning after the election that "Jebbie'll be calling
   me like eight thousand times a day." Ellis did not respond to an
   interview request yesterday.
   Ellis's support for his cousin was hardly a secret. He wrote in The
   Washington Post's Outlook section nine days ago that the Texas
   governor is "smart, engaging, enormously energetic, possessed of
   dynamic leadership skills, funny, wry [and] optimistic," as opposed to
   "the morally berserk universe of the Clintons."
   Tom Rosenstiel, director of the Project for Excellence in Journalism,
   said: "The notion that you'd have the cousin of one presidential
   candidate . . . in a position to call a state is unthinkable. Fox's
   call precipitated all the other networks' calls. That call - wrong,
   unnecessary, misguided, foolish - has helped create a sense that this
   election went to Bush, was pulled back and he is waiting to be
   restored."
   Critics say the Ellis connection will reinforce Fox's reputation as a
   conservative network whose anchors include Tony Snow, a former Bush
   White House staffer, and such commentators as Newt Gingrich. Fox
   maintains it merely provides a balanced alternative to the liberal
   networks. But, says Rosenstiel, "the marketing slogan 'We report, you
   decide' is obliterated by the fact that one candidate's first cousin
   is actually deciding, and then they report."
   Marvin Kalb, Washington executive director of Harvard's Shorenstein
   press center, calls Ellis "a fine writer and columnist, and he's
   always sensitive about his relationship with his first cousin. His
   mother is very, very close with former president Bush. Therefore I am
   puzzled as to why he'd put himself in a position where he would seem
   to be the one making the call for his cousin. It clearly conveys the
   wrong impression."
   As a Boston Globe columnist last year, Ellis wrote after some reader
   complaints: "I am loyal to my cousin. . . . I put that loyalty ahead
   of my loyalty to anyone else outside my immediate family. That being
   the case, it is not possible for me to continue writing columns about
   the 2000 presidential campaign."
   Ellis worked for NBC News as a producer and researcher in the
   political unit from 1978 through March 1989, soon after President Bush
   took office. Fox says it hired Ellis this year for work during the
   primaries and on Election Night. He also worked for Fox in 1998 when,
   Moody says, he called George Bush's reelection in Texas (though that
   was a landslide).
   Ellis, who lives in Irvington, N.Y., was among those briefing Fox News
   President Roger Ailes last Tuesday night, but he was not a total Bush
   loyalist. At 7:52 p.m., Fox called Florida for Al Gore based on
   Ellis's recommendation, though Fox was not the first to make that
   projection. After Fox's report, according to the New Yorker, Jeb Bush
   called and asked Ellis: "Are you sure?"
   The Gore call, based heavily on exit polls from Voter News Service,
   also turned out to be wrong and was retracted by the networks two
   hours later.
   At 2 a.m., Ellis called his cousins to say it was "statistically
   impossible" for Gore to win Florida. "Their mood was up, big-time,"
   Ellis told the New Yorker's Jane Mayer. "It was just the three of us
   guys handing the phone back and forth - me with the numbers, one of
   them a governor, the other the president-elect. Now that was cool."
   But it was decidedly uncool to some Fox staffers, angry at what they
   see as Ellis exaggerating his role. Some are calling him "John
   'Alexander Haig' Ellis," declaring himself to be in charge.
   Whatever the Yale graduate's job description, it remains unclear why a
   television network allowed him to call the election for his cousin.
   "You factor that in to everything else, but John is a professional,"
   Moody says. "It would be as strange not to hire him because of who
   he's related to as to hire him especially because of who he's related
   to."

@_date: 2000-11-24 09:51:27
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, 
Good, bad, or whatever -- you ain't never going to put this genie
back in the bottle. The AP meme is dispersed across the globe, it's only a matter of time now.

@_date: 2000-11-27 21:31:37
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Imagine 
A history professor from Uppsala Universitet in Sweden, called to tell me about
this article she had read in which a
Zimbabwe politician was quoted as saying that children should study this event
closely for it shows that election
fraud is not only a Third World phenomena. 1. Imagine that we read of an election occurring anywhere in the third world in
which the self declared winner was
the son of the former prime minister and that former prime minister was himself
the former head of that nation's
secret police (CIA). 2. Imagine that the self declared winner lost the popular vote but won based on
some old colonial holdover (electoral
college) from the nation's pre-democracy past. 3. Imagine that the self-declared winner's 'victory' turned on disputed votes
cast in a province governed by his
brother! 4. Imagine that the poorly drafted ballots of one district, a district heavily
favoring the self-declared winner's
opponent, led thousands of voters to vote for the wrong candidate. 5. Imagine that that members of that nation's most despised caste, fearing for
their lives/livelihoods, turned out in
record numbers to vote in near-universal opposition to the self-declared
winner's candidacy. 6. Imagine that hundreds of members of that most-despised caste were
intercepted on their way to the polls by state
police operating under the authority of the self-declared winner's brother. 7. Imagine that six million people voted in the disputed province and that the
self-declared winner's 'lead' was only
327 votes. Fewer, certainly, than the vote counting machines' margin of error. 8. Imagine that the self-declared winner and his political party opposed a more
careful by-hand inspection and
re-counting of the ballots in the disputed province or in its most hotly
disputed district. 9. Imagine that the self-declared winner, himself a governor of a major
province, had the worst human rights record
of any province in his nation and actually led the nation in executions. 10. Imagine that a major campaign promise of the self-declared winner was to
appoint like-minded human rights
violators to lifetime positions on the high court of that nation. None of us would deem such an election to be representative of anything other
than the self-declared winner's
will-to-power. All of us, I imagine, would wearily turn the page thinking that
it was another sad tale of pitiful pre- or
anti-democracy peoples in some strange elsewhere."

@_date: 2000-11-30 15:09:54
@_author: No User 
@_subject: Imagine 
Bill sayeth:
     Where does it say in the Constitution or Bill of Rights that you
become a second-class citizen if you commit a felony? You might lose
the right to freedom for a period of time, but when that time is done
why are you still without rights? Who says you lose those rights, state
or fed? Has it been challenged? Seems a pretty bogus concept to me.

@_date: 2000-11-30 20:42:07
@_author: No User 
@_subject: IBM Cries Crypto Wolf, Experts Say  
Big Blue says it can make encryption twice as fast. But the company hyped a similar advancement years ago; experts say that idea didn't amount to much, and this one won't either. By Elinor Abreu IBM is announcing a new algorithm on Thursday that it says will double the speed at which online communications are encrypted. But several crypto experts say that IBM is fixing something that isn't broken and that Big Blue has a history of tooting its horn needlessly.
IBM's new as-yet-unnamed security algorithm simultaneously encrypts and authenticates messages. It works with symmetric cryptography in which the same secret key, or mathematical code, is used to encrypt and decrypt, as opposed to public key cryptography, in which two different keys are used. The new algorithm has been submitted to the U.S. Patent Office and proposed to the National Institute of Standards.
The improvement in speed won't be noticed when sending small items, such as an e-mail, but it will make a difference with things like a long Microsoft Word document, an entire Web page and bulk data, according to Charles Palmer, manager of IBM's Network Security and Cryptography division.
The algorithm will be especially useful with parallel processors, spreading the work among multiple processors for even greater speed improvement, so that "pointing [a handheld device] at a Coke machine actually makes the transaction happen as soon as you touch the button," said Palmer.
However, several crypto experts questioned the need for the technology and said it can't be taken seriously until it's been widely analyzed and tested.
"There is no market demand for this algorithm," said Bruce Schneier, author of several cryptography and security books and chief technology officer of Counterpane Internet Security, a network monitoring outsourcer. "Sure, RSA (crypto) can be slow, but other aspects of network protocols are much slower. Rarely is the cryptography the bottleneck in any communications."
Performance is already addressed by Moore's Law, which dictates that processing speed increases twofold every 18 months, Schneier pointed out. He also suggested that IBM's method is counterproductive P that most security protocols prefer separating encryption and authentication because they often have different key management and implementation requirements. "Combining the two makes engineering harder, not easier," he said. "I predict that if you go back in one year, zero applications will be using it."
Tim Dierks, CTO of Certicom, concurred with Schneier and added that there are already other means, including hardware accelerators, to improve crypto performance. "I don't have reason to believe the market is hung up on this sort of solution. It's a question of whether there is market demand for it," he said.
IBM's Palmer acknowledged that the new technology isn't going to have any drastic impact in the near term. "We can do it all right today, but this is just going to get worse as we get cable modems and DSL," he said. "[Schneier's] right; we may not have a blinding need for this right now."
The criticism wouldn't be so harsh if IBM hadn't done this before. Two years ago, IBM announced what it called the "Cramer-Shoup cryptosystem" that it cited as "provably secure" and hyped as a replacement for SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), a protocol that is ubiquitous in e-commerce transactions. That IBM technology, which was designed to prevent against an obscure type of crypto attack, has not yet been deployed, noted Schneier.
"IBM's got a track record of coming out with these major crypto announcements around early stage results" that haven't been evaluated and tested, said Dierks of Certicom. "They're seen as self promoting." An IBM algorithm dubbed the "Atjai-Dwork cryptosystem" was announced in 1997 and broken the following year, he said.
Burt Kaliski, chief scientist and director of RSA's Labs, came to IBM's defense. The new IBM algorithm "is an interesting line of research; a nice application of theory to achieve some significant results," he said. "While we could debate whether there's a problem to be solved, it's a nice technology they've come up with.
"Here, they seem to be on more solid ground in terms of the technology they're proposing," Kaliski added. "It still needs some more analysis by the crypto community."

@_date: 2000-11-30 22:15:25
@_author: No User 
@_subject: Microsoft backs XML security spec 
Microsoft has teamed up with software partners VeriSign and WebMethod to launch a specification aimed at simplifying digital signatures used in ecommerce applications.
To ease the integration of public key infrastructure (PKI) and digital certificates, the three companies have created the XKMS spec (XML Key Management Specification) which they say makes it easier for programmers to create online applications with digital signatures.
Currently, developers are required to buy and integrate specialised toolkits from a PKI software vendor. These toolkits only interoperate with that vendor's PKI offerings. But developers can use XKMS to integrate authentication, digital signatures and encryption services, such as certificate processing and revocation status checking, into applications.
Warwick Ford, chief technology officer at VeriSign, said: "For the next generation of ecommerce applications to truly support high-value transactions, the handling of digital keys for online authentication, digital signatures and data encryption must be simple to integrate, and must interoperate across a broad range of enterprise applications."
The specification works with trust functions residing on servers and accessible through programmed XML transactions. XKMS is also compatible with emerging standards for web services description language (WSDL) and simple object access protocol (Soap).
The specification will be submitted to the appropriate web standards bodies, and Microsoft said XKMS will be integrated into its .Net architecture.
Analysts said that by having a standard such as XKMS it will be possible for companies to accelerate the process of finalising an online contract or completing a transaction by having the capability to accept a legitimate signature electronically.
"At the level of XML, you have to have all of the things associated with security processing," said Frank Prince, an analyst at Forrester Research. "Any key management system should be built at that level." H If you would like to comment on this article email us @ newseditor at vnunet.com

@_date: 2000-10-07 15:44:18
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
They are? I don't think I have ever received spam sent through a remailer or seen remailed spam in a newsgroup. Where am I most likely to encounter remailed spam?

@_date: 2000-10-19 20:04:44
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: It's all property, folks 
Neil asked:
   Most EarthFirst! folks have figured out that you just have to forget about
the government acting properly to protect Mother Earth. It takes direct,
individual (or group) action to do it. Thus came about ELF - Earth Liberation
Front -- and ALF, Animal Liberation Front. You probably recall some of their work -- Vail, for instance.     My problem with them is that they try to not hurt humans, which is stupid. No, you don't sue -- you get a gun and/or a car bomb and kill some of the assholes. Kill the CEO of the polluting company. Park a car bomb
outside the factory and detonate it in the midst of shift change.    They'll get the message. And here's where crypto comes in -- read up
on Jim Bell's Assassination Politics. People who don't like pollution can
act anonymously and pay off the hit men. Sweet, savage, but sweet!
   Your neighbor pollutes your lungs or your land and you don't know
what to do about it? Shit man, get real -- $5 bucks worth of gasoline
and a midnight stroll takes care of his house, him, and his family.

@_date: 2000-10-25 12:45:23
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Denver Judge rules Cops can seize bookstore records 
"If we can save but one child from the awful scourge of drugs..."
Of course, the real issue here is why the bookstore was keeping such
personalized records in the first place.
Judge: Cops can seize bookstore records
By Susan Greene
Denver Post Staff Writer
Oct. 21, 2000 - Police will be allowed to search customer purchase records
at the Tattered Cover Book Store to investigate a narcotics case, a Denver
judge ordered Friday.
Civil libertarians decried the order - believed to be the first of its
kind nationwide - for protecting law enforcement's ability to obtain
evidence over individual rights to read without interference from
Tattered Cover owner Joyce Meskis said the order could have a "chilling
effect" on the First Amendment and on store patrons, who might hesitate to
buy books knowing that police have access to their purchase records. She
is considering an appeal.
"A bookstore is a house of ideas," she said. "We certainly have the
responsibility to protect customers' rights to those ideas, and the right
to privacy that goes along with that."
Law enforcers hailed the order as a victory.
"If it only takes one or two records from a bookstore to help us eliminate
drugs on the street, then so be it," said Lt. Lori Moriarty, commander of
the North Metro Drug Task Force, which is seeking the Tattered Cover
records. "We need all the tools possible to help law enforcement do its
The controversy stems from a March 14 raid on an Adams County mobile home
in which task force members found a methamphetamine lab and two books:
"The Construction and Operation of Clandestine Drug Laboratories" by "Jack
B. Nimble," and "Advanced Techniques of Clandestine Psychedelic and
Amphetamine Manufacture" by "Uncle Fester."
Investigators also found a bookshipping envelope containing an invoice
number from the Tattered Cover in Lower Downtown Denver. They are hoping
bookstore records will help pinpoint which of the six people who
frequented the mobile home bought the books and, presumably, operated the
The task force first sought a search warrant from the Adams County
district attorney's office, which rejected the request partially on
grounds that executing it would give police a public relations "black
Task force members then turned to the Denver DA's office, which granted
the warrant.
Meskis blocked police from going through her store's records, saying they
should instead use other investigative measures such as fingerprinting to
find their suspect.
Denver District Court temporarily blocked the task force from seizing the
records, pending the outcome of a hearing before Judge Stephen Phillips.
Most states have laws protecting public libraries from police searches
except under exceptional circumstances, but there is no special law that
protects bookstores.
The issue made headlines in 1998, when independent counsel Kenneth Starr
subpoenaed two Washington, D.C., bookstores for information on gifts
exchanged between President Clinton and White House intern Monica
Lewinsky. Barnes & Noble and Kramerbooks hired lawyers and challenged the
subpoena in federal court.
A federal judge quashed Starr's request for the records. Lewinsky,
meantime, agreed to testify in exchange for immunity, rendering the whole
issue moot.
Still, the case was a watershed for bookstore owners and privacy
advocates, who have been watching the Tattered Cover's legal battle with
intense interest.
Phillips, in his order, recognized the First Amendment right to "receive
information and ideas, regardless of social worth," but he cited a legal
balancing test weighing such rights against the importance of law
enforcement to investigate crimes.
Phillips ruled that the identity of the drug lab operators is "of
significant public interest" and that "the purchase of how-to books is a
highly important piece of evidence."
The judge wrote that there's no other reasonable way, aside from seizing
store records, for investigators to obtain the information they're
seeking. He lauded the task force for asking only for specific invoices,
not "stumbl(ing) through other private records."
Phillips deemed the Tattered Cover case "dramatically different" than the
 "The subpoenas were exploratory in
nature, and the government was unable to show any need nor any nexus to a
criminal event."
And so Phillips denied investigators' broad request for a month's worth of
records that might show all titles purchased by the unnamed suspects.
Still, he granted police access to the specific invoice whose number
appeared on the book mailer.
Meskis has 15 days to appeal before the task force seizes her records.
Moriarty insists it was never her unit's intent to comb through reading
records of the general public. Rather, she said, Phillips' order will give
investigators "an important piece of a puzzle" needed to nab their
Critics say one arrest is a high price to pay for allowing a war against
drugs to chip away at civil rights.
"Key principles of the right to privacy and freedom of speech have
ultimately been compromised in the decision," said Sue Armstrong,
executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union in Colorado.
Judith Krug, director of the Office for Intellectual Freedom at the
American Library Association, said she worries that drug investigators
unfairly are "making the connection between what people read and what they
"Just because you read a book on homosexuality, for example, doesn't mean
you're gay. And reading a book on the symptoms of cancer doesn't mean you
have the disease," Krug said.
"Our concern is that what people read, what goes into their heads will no
longer remain private."
KEY QUESTIONS:
Denver District Judge Stephen Phillips posed four key questions as part of
a legal balancing test in his ruling:
1. Is there a legitimate and significant government interest in acquiring
the information?
2. Is there a strong nexus between the matter being investigated and the
material being sought?
3. Is the information available from another source?
4. Is the intrusion limited in scope so as to prevent exposure of other
constitutionally protected matters?
Copyright 2000 The Denver Post. All rights reserved.
Bookstore fights search warrant

@_date: 2000-09-13 10:02:36
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: McVeigh, Freedom Fighter or Kook? 
Ray said:
    And just what is it that makes you think that "one out of ten" didn't secretly cheer that news? Or maybe more? And even if it were
only "one out a thousand", isn't that a significant number? Even in
the First American Revolution, not that many actually took up arms.
Many were totally against it, and fought for the Brits. If one in
a thousand took up arms today against the fedz, wouldn't that out-
number the US military?

@_date: 2000-09-13 11:04:37
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Randseed dead? 
Anybody know what's wrong with the randseed remailer? It
hasn't been mailing yesterday or today.

@_date: 2000-09-14 10:21:27
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: McVeigh, Freedom Fighter or Kook? 
Motyka quivered:
   What the fuck do you mean McVeigh isn't a freedom fighter? He's an
American national hero, most certainly the greatest freedom fighter in
the USA in recent memory! We need a McVeigh *everyday*!
     "If you want justice to grow, you've got to use a lot of fertilizer."

@_date: 2000-09-15 18:25:17
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: SWAT Team Guns Down 11 Year Old 
Motyka cried:
   And what was that you were saying about McVeigh? 8-) There ain't
no other way we'll ever get rid of these monsters.

@_date: 2000-09-19 10:24:58
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Asymmetric whined:       Hey, Retardo -- when did you ever check? If you had, you'd know
that you can't reply to anon remailers. Try replying to this, you clueless
shit. Now shut the fuck up about this bullshit, we're all tired of the
subject, and if you can't be bothered to check the archives, get the fuck
off the list.

@_date: 2000-09-19 21:02:10
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Please ignore this email- this is only test. 
Yore ass is blackest, blackie, so put 'er there, pard!
This message did not originate from the Sender address above.
It was mailed out with the anonymizing software at

@_date: 2000-09-20 16:53:27
@_author: No User 
@_subject: CDR: Californians Must Report 
Californians Must Report
                           Attacks on Children
                           New Law Inspired by Killing in Casino Restroom                            Sept. 19, 2000                            By Randy Dotinga                            SACRAMENTO, Calif. (APBnews.com) -- Being a good Samaritan
                           isnt voluntary anymore in the Golden State.                            A new law requires Californians to seek help if they see a young
                           child being sexually attacked. If they dont, they risk spending time in
                           jail themselves.                            The law, signed by Gov. Gray Davis during the weekend, was
                           inspired by the 1997 killing of 7-year-old Sherrice Iverson in the
                           restroom of a Nevada casino. David Cash, the best friend of killer
                           Jeremy Strohmeyer, allegedly watched the assault but did not bother
                           to contact police or help the victim.                            Cashs inaction and cavalier attitude about it sparked an outcry at
                           the University of California at Berkeley, where he attended school.
                           He was dubbed the "bad Samaritan."                            Do the right thing                            Assemblyman Tom Torlakson, a Democrat who represents a Bay
                           Area district, heard about the Iversons death and wanted to find a
                           way to prevent future incidents, said spokesman Robert Oakes.                            "He was struck personally not only by the tragedy but that the person
                           who knew about it didnt say anything," Oakes said. "Thats just
                           wrong."                            The law is an attempt to "encourage people to do the right thing," he
                           said.                            Jail, fine possible                            Under the law, citizens must notify police if they witness a violent or
                           sexual assault on a child under 14. Anyone who fails to do so faces a
                           misdemeanor charge punishable by a maximum of six months in a
                           county jail and a $1,500 fine.                            Witnesses do not have to report a crime if they feel they are
                           themselves in danger.                            California already has a law that requires teachers, health-care
                           providers, members of the clergy and others to report suspected
                           child abuse.                            Opposition from defense attorneys                            According to Torlaksons office, the law was modeled after a similar
                           statute in the state of Washington, which was enacted after a group
                           of friends ignored the plight of a 21-year-old man who drowned in a
                           drainage ditch after he was beaten.                            The new California law did encounter some opposition. Defense
                           attorneys opposed it. So did an association of prosecutors who
                           worried it might prevent some witnesses from testifying for fear that
                           they may be prosecuted, Oakes said.                            The American Civil Liberties Union was worried about the bills scope
                           at first but is happy with the final version, said ACLU state legislative
                           director Francisco Lobaco.                            When they draft such bills, legislators need to make sure they do not
                           target "people who happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong
                           time," Lobaco said. "There should always be a sensitivity to making
                           things criminal when there is no wrongful intent."

@_date: 2001-02-07 21:02:37
@_author: No User 
@_subject: Program to "Help" Spammer? 
So I received email from somebody asking if I was the
"Bob" they'd talked to about Stealth programs.
Upon further conversation, it appeared that they were
looking for an add-on to enable their $99 Stealth spamware program
to use foreign systems to increase their undetectability.
It would be nice to "help" these people increase their SLACK
and make their system as undetectable and untraceable as possible,
preferably so untraceable that nobody ever sees it again.
Does anybody have pointers to an executable out on the web that
will look big enough to be believable and create lots of
SLACK on their disk drives?
