
@_date: 1994-08-07 21:05:01
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: Tommy the Tourist's New Home 
werewolf at io.org (Mark Terka) asked:
Soda was down for a week while it was moved to a different location.  The
new address is "remailer at soda.csua.berkeley.edu".  I'm told that the old
address will continue to work for a limited time, but it's best to get in
the habit of using the correct one.
I also understand that the crypto archives have also moved, but I'm not
really sure of the details.
 --- Diogenes

@_date: 1994-08-13 18:07:51
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: Tommy the Tourist's New Home 
werewolf at io.org (Mark Terka) asked:
Soda was down for a week while it was moved to a different location.  The
new address is "remailer at soda.csua.berkeley.edu".  I'm told that the old
address will continue to work for a limited time, but it's best to get in
the habit of using the correct one.
I also understand that the crypto archives have also moved, but I'm not
really sure of the details.
 --- Diogenes

@_date: 1994-08-26 23:19:01
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: PGP fanatacism 
Interesting.  I wonder what this says though... cypherpunks promote
encryption, digital cash, dc nets, data havens...
but wouldn't ever be caught actually using any of the above.
Hell, that stuff is way too plebian.  I'd rather advocate it that
actually be in the uncomfortable position of following my own advice.

@_date: 1994-08-27 17:33:01
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: anonymous mail 
Interesting.  I beleive this attitude will probably be what the future
holds for crypto, just using it when it is necessary, like for
carrying out commercial transactions via email.  Which is to say
crypto will not be in main stream "cypherpunks" usage, but just
something extra to use once in a while.  And if it only needs to be
used once in a while, there will be no good reason to implement some
of the more interesting protocols, or implement the "maximum strength"
possible. See, the problem with the above attitude (not attacking who wrote it,
just the attitude itself!) is that when there is sufficient cause to
warrant the time and trouble, there will be an even more appealing
alternative, which asks you to trade a bit of the advantages of the
former.  Months ago, Tim May posted about outlawing cash, and how
it may be disguised as an effort to stamp out crime, check on welfare
recipients, etc.  For the overwhelming majority of people, the
benefits of "digital cash" will not be worth the time and trouble over
"digital cash with anonimity removed", which is probably what kind of
digital cash the future will bring.
As for encrypting all email, much like people use envelopes?  Be
honest, there isn't sufficient cause to warrant the time and trouble.
It's easy and convenient for people to use envelopes.  But encryption
needs to be integrated into mailers and communications software before
it will even start to be convenient for everybody to use, and even
then the security is an illusion on multi-user systems.  I guess
crypto suffers from the problem computers had several years ago: they
were solutions searching for problems.  Time needs to go by, and by
then, it will be too late.
Nor is there sufficient cause to warrant the time and trouble of
signing messages sent to mailing lists or usenet.  Nobody cares or
will even check the signature of posts; most see signature info as
irritating extra lines and wasted bandwidth.
Nor is there sufficient cause to warrant the time and trouble of
communicating via anonymous remailers, except for say folks like
Pr0duct Cypher.  Which is one person out of how many people using the
Nor is there sufficient cause to warrant the time and trouble for
banks and stores to offer digital cash.  Where is the advantage for
them?  The advantages for individuals is clear: keep dossiers and info
from being tabulated about them.  Jim Choate asked this question a few
days ago, and got no responses (or maybe it was drowned out among the
atomic bomb posts).  I agree with what he said, unless there is some
good advantage for the bank or store, it isn't going to happen.
As for dc-nets, give me a solid example why you ever need to
communicate with one.  A good enough example to explain why the
man-months or man-years need to be put into developing one.  Of
course, on a multi-user system, the security is again illusory since
the system operator can tap you anyway.
A while ago somebody (I think I remember but don't want to put words
in their mouth since I'm not 100% positive) doubted the future impact
of crypto.  Me too, I see a limited deployment, and almost no
fundamental restructuring of society.
So basically the protocols are interesting in an academic way, and we
could sit here and discuss the possibilities, but then I suppose a
discussion about atomic bombs will likely be of greater impact on our
future than crypto anarchy will.
Cypherpunks write code, but if there is sufficient cause to warrant
the time and trouble!

@_date: 1994-08-28 11:17:53
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: crypto anarchy thoughts 
True!  Encryption and athentication, which is probably all the crypto
that CommerceNet and further commercial transactions will use, is just
the tip of the crypto-anarchy iceberg.  And like an iceberg, most will
not see the light of day.
True again, but then as another pointed out, you draw attention to
yourself if you reserve crypto usage for "important" times only.
Envelopes don't raise suspicion because nearly everybody uses them.
I don't understand exactly... for many of the various protocols, full
participation is necessary to avoid self-incrimination.  For example,
digital cash.  If you wind up using a credit card or writing checks
for everything, you lose any benefits.
Definitely!  This list is a clearinghouse of ideas only.  People can
write in and describe various theoretical concepts which are
interesting and fascinating to think about, but whose impact on
society will be left for science fiction to describe.
I'm not saying this is bad or undesirable.  Just that I beleive the
future will hold a fairly limited version of crypto anarchy.
Here's a scenario:
10 years in the future, PGP is a fully GUI based program at last.  It
supports drag-n-drop, all sorts of OLE type protocols, and is used
just once in a great while by most people, who don't really need the
security but once in a great while.
Authentication, on the other hand, is pretty big.  Companies regularly
handle business via networks and thus most have an email address where
they take orders, encrypted and signed of course.
There are more remailers, a few hundred, but most run in unsecure
environments by mostly students who think they're cool.  A few
commercial remailers were launched, but failed due to lack of
interest.  The few pay remailers operating are owned by rich hobbyists
who can spare a machine and an internet connection and don't care
about actually turning a profit.  But these don't get much traffic
since there are so many free remailers.
Digital cash never made it off the ground because credit card
companies are now held to stricter laws about disclosing account
information, and banks provide competitive debit cards and live under
the same disclosure laws (i.e. credit/debit cards good enough for
99.99999% of the people).  Furthermore, merchants are restricted from
culling purchase records to build dossiers on spending habits (or face
legal action), so manufacturers now rely on voluntarily supplied info,
usually by enticing customers with various benefits of "registering",
such as rebates, discounts, sweepstakes entries, etc.  Nobody cares
that digial cash preserves anonimity, because bank and stores aren't
interested, and customers want the extra benefits that stores offer to
add their name to their database.
For this reason, offshore banks don't fare too well since the digital
cash they issue generally isn't spendible.  It is convenient however,
if you need to transfer money from one account to another.  But you
have to go to a "money broker" who will exchange your digital cash for
spendible cash, and pay a transaction fee.
DC-nets are mostly theoretical, as simple versions are too easy to
disrupt, and disruption resistant versions are too complex.  Still, a
few exist, but don't run continuously - you have to post to alt.dc.net
and announce a time you would like to use one, and usually a few
people announce willingness to participate.  (As it turns out,
messages to alt.dc.net account for most of the anonymous mail
traffic generated.)
Data havens are another failed experiment.  Storage costs have
plummeted, making it cheap for people to just purchase their own
terabyte floptical and encrypt all the data they want to keep.  They
keep it nearby, making it more convenient to retrieve the data than
keeping it at a data haven.  A hacked version of PGP which accepts a
second plaintext is used to encrypt the data.  You specify two
passphrases, the real one which decrypts your data, and a second one
which decrypts your data to the plaintext you specify.  Thus you don't
care if you are caught with your data floptical, you can always
decrypt the contents to scanned in versions of "War and Peace" and
"Alice in Wonderland", etc.
How's that sound?

@_date: 1994-08-28 21:21:10
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: crypto anarchy thoughts 
This may be true, but how exactly do you plan to argue "anonymity" is
necessary in a digital cash system (from the point of view of the bank
and stores)?
I mean, strong crypto could provide "zealous anti-counterfeiting"
without providing anonymity.
Precisely my point.  Except I think the icing will be left off.
Oh, and in response to Tim May, no, I'm not afraid to use my real
name; I've been on this list quite a while (perhaps this is useless
trivia).  I just thought I'd try comminicating via anonymous remailer,
perhaps establishing a pseudonym while I'm at it, so I'll be signing
posts from now on (actually I already signed one previous post).  Just
playing around with some crypto-anarchy concepts.

@_date: 1994-08-28 21:32:06
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: pgp fanaticism 
Done!  I will be "thoth", keyid AFB8AB41.
Perhaps my apparent frustration is caused by the fact that I've become
convinced that crypto-anarchy will not come to pass (I posted a
lenghtly scenario earlier of that I think the future will be like).
I think that writing and thinking is the only thing any of us can do
that will have impact.  The only coding effort I can see paying off is
helping to make PGP better.  Maybe that's what I'll do.

@_date: 1994-07-03 20:49:41
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: PGP Questions 
I seem to remember reading somewhere that using PGP to encrypt a message
for multiple recipients (in the same output file) somehow made cryptanalysis easier, but I don't seem to recall the rationale behind that concern.  Can somebody comment on that.
Also, concerning the PGP 2.3a/2.6/2.6ui controversy, is the only "problem" with 2.6 the fact that after 9/1/94 it will start reporting an incompatible version number that will make its output unreadable by older versions?  If so, and if source code is available, why couldn't the date checking routine be located in the source code and simply commented out, then the whole thing recompiled?
                                --

@_date: 1994-07-03 20:50:00
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: No Subject 
Post-To: sci.crypt,alt.security.pgp
I seem to remember reading somewhere that using PGP to encrypt a message for multiple recipients (in the same output file) somehow made cryptanalysis easier, but I don't seem to recall the rationale behind that concern.  Can somebody comment on that.
Also, concerning the PGP 2.3a/2.6/2.6ui controversy, is the only "problem" with 2.6 the fact that after 9/1/94 it will start reporting an incompatible version number that will make its output unreadable by older versions?  If so, and if source code is available, why couldn't the date checking routine be located in the source code and simply commented out, then the whole thing recompiled?
                                --

@_date: 1994-07-12 19:48:32
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: Encrypted, Chained Reply Blocks 
I noticed a message posted here, anonymously, with an "encrypted
reply block" (ERB) attached to the end of it.  Instructions were given that to reply to the message, the block was to be pasted at the very beginning of the reply, which was then to be sent to a certain remailer.  The block started with the usual "::", followed by and "Encrypted: PGP" line typically used with chained While I don't know the specifics of that particular ERB, would it be possible to chain a REPLY through several remailers, such that the body of the reply was sent along in the clear through each link of the chain, but the final destination address was only visible to the operator of the final link in the chain?  This would require that after the "Encrypted: PGP" block, any appended plaintext would also be sent along by each remailer and not discarded.  Which remailers allow that?
Hypothetically, it would seem that one could take an "empty message", using the "CHAIN" utility to chain the "message" through remailers A,B,C,D, encrypting it at each step, placing the resulting block in the message body with instructions that the resultant block must precede any replies, which must then be sent to remailer "A".  Alternatively, instead of an empty message, a single, unique, identifying line could be used as the message.  This would allow a person to generate multiple ERBs and know which one had been used for any given reply.
One weakness I can see in such a scheme is that traffic analysis would be a bit easier, since the plaintext of the reply would be visible at each step.  Also, there would be a potential for "hand tracing" the reply to its destination, assuming each remailer operator cooperated, by sending a personal message to operator "A", with the ERB attached, asking him/her to decrypt the next link destination, then forward the message to the operator of the next link with a similar request, and so on, requesting that the last operator in the link report the ultimate recipient's email address to the requestor.  This would potentially be easier than tracing a message the other direction, since by the time the message arrived, information necessary to trace it backwards might have been already deleted at one or more of the chained remailer sites.
Any thoughts or suggestions?  Are there any further obvious weaknesses in this scheme that I may have missed?

@_date: 1994-07-20 16:40:11
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: Ghio "loses it" 
Hi Mathew Ghio. Ask, and you shall receive. You complain about my current
campaign and report that you have shut down your remailer because of it.
My sincere apologies. As I wrote, it is not my intention to sabotage
any remailers. I was sending you messages at a gentle pace (not nearly
as much as you claim for sympathy), but apparently it was too much!
So I will take you off the current mailing list. I'm sorry to see you
go. I may add you in the future at some unspecified time, however.
This will help encourage your inspired and highminded attention to
carefully filtering and screening every incoming message to your remailer
which you have grandly demonstrated.  I think I speak for all other members of the Reich in saying that we are proud of your extremely patriotic commitment to censorship and upholding our cause.  Any user of your highly secure system will surely be flush with pride.
I wish I had more men who are as dedicated as you are. I have grand
plans for my brethen that will soon, very soon, be coming to fruition.
The first few `triggers' are the drastic earth cataclysms (not the
least of which will be Operation Shake-and-Bake in CA, commencing
shortly) that will help plunge the world into an anarchy that is more receptive to our way of thinking. The paranoia and deadly cynicism against government will help too. But the most important brick of all, of course, is the deification of cyberspace.
I would love to expound on these subjects more but I have to keep
a `low profile' at the moment. The time has not come yet.
Thanks again for your contributions.
    . . . . . . . ,,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  ,   ___
   . .//~~~. . //. ./. . //. ./. . //~~\ . . //~~~ . .//~~\. .  /   /
  . .//===. . //. ./. . //===/. . //===/. . //=== . .//===/ .  +===
 . .// . . . .\\__/. . //. ./. . //. \ . . //___ . .//. \. .      /   /
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    ~~~   '

@_date: 1994-07-20 23:02:03
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: Detweiler vs the 'Paranoids' 
How 'bout a club for everyone who's been called "paranoid" (or "paradoid", whatever that is -- a new geometric shape?) on this list?  Being "paranoid", BTW, doesn't make you wrong ALL of the time about EVERYTHING...

@_date: 1994-07-21 16:33:00
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: Who Detweiler is *really* posting as 
Maybe I missed something here, but I thought what the original writer
was implying was that Perry Metzger may indeed be a real human being,
but that he was actually working as a *double agent* for Detweiler.
That is one of the connotations of the word "tentacle" that Detweiler
loves to toss around. I think there is a plausible case for this. Remember, just because
you see mail coming from perry at imsi.com doesn't mean that the
"Perry Metzger" you met in person actually wrote it. It is possible
that Detweiler and Metzger are both posting from that account. In
fact, looking at the text styles, it seems reasonable. Sometimes
Perry writes some very interesting posts related to cryptography,
stock trading and other subjects. But in other cases he just rants
in a few terse lines, particularly when Detweiler is the subject. Maybe the "orders" to Perry from Detweiler are to "improve your reputation on the list as much as possible". In the meantime, Detweiler
is occasionally using the same account to instigate dissension. Haven't you ever noticed an eerie, strange, sort of Jekyll-and-Hyde
personality to what comes out of that account at times? Almost
to the point of wondering if the same knowledgable person would spew such fervent vitriol?
But anyway, I think all of this is plausible enough that Perry should
broadcast a denial to everyone on the list again, just to assuage
anyone's unconscious fears of secret conspiracies all around them
in cyberspace.
Heh. These conspiracy theories are kind of fun to imagine. Maybe on the other hand EVERYONE on this list is a tentacle of Detweiler, and YOU are the only one who doesn't realize it.
Hee, hee.
By the way, I found some records of another person posting from Denver
at Netcom that seems to match Detweiler's patterns. It's pretty obvious
when you look at the records. I'll let you figure it out for the fun
of it. When Detweiler is dead, you won't be seeing me at his funeral. Although
you might catch me dancing on his grave.

@_date: 1994-06-23 21:02:05
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: WARNING! 
Doesn't part of "ever forward" sometimes involve something "non-standard"
and "running the risk of incompatibility"?  Unless there's something flawed
with the implementation of longer keys, why shouldn't the first to implement
them become the de-facto standard?  If a leter release turns out to be
incompatible with an older one, but it's cryptographically superior, then
it's time to switch, even if it means generating and distributing new keys.
Anyone concerned enough about security to want the "latest and greatest"
crypto package, with longer/stronger keys or whatever, should already be
practicing good key management and generating new keys periodically, anyway.
My only concern would be whether the implementation of longer keys might
possibly "push the envelope" of the math routines used, and thus introduce
subtle, hidden weaknesses.  Two examples might be an RNG that became
non-random with larger numbers, or a primality tester that failed to detect
larger non-primes.  If you have evidence for any of those scenarios, I'd
love to hear it.  Personally, I'm staying with PGP 2.3a until the dust
settles a bit.  I've FTPed the RSAREF 2.6 release, and it remains in its
zipped archive for now.
Just as an aside, can some of the PGP-aware-anon-remailer operators comment
on what they plan to do with respect to the various PGP versions?

@_date: 1994-06-23 21:02:05
@_author: nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at 
@_subject: Unofficial release 
I'm still not sure that I understand the original argument against using
keys that are "too long" by someone's standards.  Nor am I sure the analogy
holds up. It would be the security equivalent of saying that it's "paranoid"
to put strong locks on your front door because your windows are made of
glass, and are thus easier to break than the door.
The fact is, most burglars would rather not break a window, if possible,
because it's a glaring sign of forced entry visible even while they're in
the process of burgling, it's noisy, and they could get cut, leaving blood
samples behind and causing themselves pain.
Sure, hypothetically, it might be "easier", in a given case, to monitor RF
(Tempest) leakage vs. breaking a 1K+ key.  OTOH, it would also require
putting monitoring equipment at every Internet user's site vs. collecting
and cracking keys at a centralized location.
Of course, if someone wants to leave his front door unlocked for fear of
being labelled "paranoid", that's his prerogative, I suppose.  Just don't
ridicule others who are more security conscious!
