
@_date: 1993-10-28 22:02:43
@_author: nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU 
@_subject: Paranoid 
Does PGP compress the text before it is encoded?
Does this allow a cracker to search for the compression's signature after every
Is there a checksum that a cracker could use to test for success after
every attempt?
Would using UUENCODE on the text and deleting the "begin/end" lines before
encrypting it have a synergistic effect on the difficulty of cracking a secret
key from that particular message?
Is there an easy way to generate keys larger than 1024 bits?

@_date: 1993-10-29 08:18:23
@_author: nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU 
@_subject: ANON: message padding 
The remailer at elee9sf at menudo.uh.edu now pads messages.
So as not to be too annoying, messages under 1K are padded to 1K;
larger messages are untouched.  Padding is calculated by the size of
the message body as it goes to sendmail - the header doesn't enter in
the calculation.
This remailer also caches messages until midnight; this is being
mailed out early because I forced it.
This message is shorter than 1K, so there will be some padding below
(after the signature block).
Coming soon: explanation of what I'm doing :-)
Karl Barrus

@_date: 1993-10-29 22:03:25
@_author: nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU 
@_subject: Paranoid 
"unknown" doesn't provide anyone with very much reassurance.
Not all versions of UUENCODE start each line with an "M" and there are
other programs similar to UUENCODE that can be used. The synergistic effect
would also be due to the fact that the cracker would be clueless to the fact
that UUENCODE was being used, but only if there is no type of checksum or
compression signature that was being used instead of a spell checker.
A spell checker?? This is insane. There has got to be some type of checksum
code that verifies if the text was decrypted properly or not. Crackers can't
possibly be trying keys and word searching for "the" or "and". Where have all
the code writters vanished to?
Doesn't the recursive use of DES have a synergistic effect?
My opinion ---> What TotalFuckingBullshit(tm) <---
Technology is growing exponentially. Try: "for over 10 year[sic]"
Any decent "personal computer" can crack mediocre DES encryptions in a semi
reasonable amount of time. 10 years ago how many people do you think thought
that this would be possible?
Is there some type of design flaw that limits RSA keys to 1024 bits??

@_date: 1993-09-07 10:12:34
@_author: nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU 
@_subject: REMAIL: pasting 
Earlier, a question about pasting arose.
The cypherpunks remailers to support an outgoing pasting token: the
double hash (  It will paste text into the outgoing mail header.
For example, this message was sent through the remailer
elee9sf at menudo.uh.edu:

@_date: 1993-09-07 10:32:41
@_author: nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU 
@_subject: REMAIL: timestamp 
With all the talk of timestamps, I decided to implement a simple
timestamp on the remailer at elee9sf at menudo.uh.edu.  It is by no means
a cryptographically secure timestamp.
The remailer adds a timestamp header field to outgoing messages.  It
looks like this:
X-Timestamp: hour:min:sec on day:month:year
For instance, this message should have one.
This nice thing about this is that in the process of stripping mail
headers, the remailers will automatically filter the X-Timestamp as
well.  Thus, if a message is chained through several remailers, only
the last remailer's timestamp (if any) will appear in the final
klbarrus at owlnet.rice.edu

@_date: 1993-09-07 13:36:44
@_author: nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU 
@_subject: REMAIL: timestamp 
Well, I decided to comment out the timestamping (what a short lived
feature! :-)  I'm starting to work on a caching remailer, and the
timestamping info could be used to map input and output mailing pairs - especially since I was going to change the stamps to read
"X-Time-In:" and "X-Time-Out:".  That would defeat the entire purpose
of caching...

@_date: 1993-09-09 16:07:27
@_author: nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU 
@_subject: REMAIL: cache 
This is a test message of the caching implementation I've added to the
remailer elee9sf at menudo.uh.edu.  If you are reading this, it should be
working :-)
I implemented caching with three extra scripts: filer.pl, mailout.at,
and mailout.pl.
filer.pl accepts incoming messages and files them into a queue
directory, appending the time in seconds, minutes, hours, and the
process id number to the file.  Hopefully, this will store the file in
a random order with respect to the actual order they arrived in.
Instead of piping incoming mail to slocal.pl, which is what the
typical cypherpunks remailer does, it is piped to filer.pl which just
files the messages.
mailout.at is a script for the at command.  It invokes the mailout.pl
command, which mails out the queued messages, and reschedules itself
for midnight the next day.  Today, I scheduled for 18:00 CDT, so this
message should leave for cypherpunks at toad.com then.
I forgot to check to see if I'm in cron.allow; if so I'll change from
the at command to a crontab.
For the time being the remailer "flushes" its queue every night at
midnight.  After a while I'll make it less often, perhaps every other
day or every three days.  A week is probably too long :-)
mailout.pl is a script which opens the queue directory and gets a list
of files.  Every file in the directory is opened, piped to slocal.pl,
and unlinked.
Well, that's it in a nutshell.
Next up: padding messages, and an smtp package instead of sendmail.

@_date: 1993-09-30 22:02:38
@_author: nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU 
@_subject: PERL: creating pgp look-alike messages 
In case you lost your random PGP look-alike message generator :-),
here is one in PERL.  Run it with an argument (number of lines of
"encrypted" text to produce).  Such a message won't pass pgp itself,
since magic bytes and checksums aren't there.
