
@_date: 2001-08-08 23:48:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Phases 
"Average latency" exists.  What do you think it should be?
a) 5 minutes
b) 5 hours
c) 5 days
d) 5 months
e) longer
I like a).

@_date: 2001-08-10 22:51:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: It's DMCA, stupid (was Re: Child Porn - The Lies of Ashcroft) 
The US government is re-visiting the beaten path of behaviour control, by incriminating genital actions and instilling fear in its subjects - whenever you get an erection or get wet, you may be doing something illegal, so to cure the guilt after a nice orgasm pay taxes, turn in your neighbour and participate in polls.
This works very well. Most sheeple will automagically condemn "child porn" (that is recording visible-light illuminated genitals of humans of various ages below government-sanctioned limit and displaying them.) US Government owns the copyright to penises and vaginas of all its subjects and will diligently pursue all infringements.
No such thing as fair use here.
The copyright is enforced by exploiting sex-guilt brainwashing deeply embedded into american sheeple and combining in with "for the children" scam that has developed nicely in recent decades.
The only way to combat this is to refuse the premise. The moment you agree that "child porn is bad" you have co-opted into the scam. Until you are able to say and act on the premise that "child genital display and sex" is OK you will be fucked, and your progeny as well. Very few can do this, and the government knows it. And you will continue to be fucked.
You deserve it.
For a long time I thought that "stupid americans" is just another generalisation. But now I begin to suspect that there is something genetic about it. Something in the food or in the air.

@_date: 2001-08-17 02:03:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Physicspunks 
The photon discussion a few weeks back got me reading about cavity
radiation.  I'm puzzled.  Perhaps somebody can point me in the right
For those who don't already know, cavity radiation is a surprising
phenomenon which required quantum theory to model.  Metals radiate
energy in the form of light.  Each metal has a characteristic
"radiance" for each temperature, the amount of energy it radiates.
If a block of a metal is hollowed out and a small port is drilled to
see in, the radiance of the cavity is substantially higher than that
of the surface of the metal.  As if that weren't shocking enough, it
turns out that the radiance of cavities is the same no matter what
kind of metal is used.  (This is so counterintuitive that I almost
don't believe it!)
My book suggests that this is intuitively sound because if cavity
radiation had different values, a violation of the second
law of thermodynamics would occur.
Set up two cavity radiators of a metal X and a different metal Y like
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY		    	 XXXXXXXXXXXXXX 	 XXX YYY   YYYYYYYYYYYYYY  	       	       	 XXXXXXXXXXXX   	  XX YY	     YYYYYYYYYYYY  	       	       	 XXXXXXXXXXX    	       	      YYYYYYYYYYY  	       	       	 XXXXXXXXXXXX   	  XX YY	     YYYYYYYYYYYY  	       	       	 XXXXXXXXXXXXXX 	 XXX YYY   YYYYYYYYYYYYYY  	       	       	 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY  	       	       	 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
If X and Y have the same temperature and Y has a higher level of
cavity radiation, then X will get hotter and Y will get cooler.  In
other words, you would have a perpetual motion machine.  So the
radiance of each cavity must be the same.
So far so good, but this argument should also apply to surface
radiance, which we know to be different:
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
If Y has a higher level of surface radiance than X, then one would
expect X to grow hotter, also making possible a perpetual motion
Clearly, something went wrong somewhere.  Can anybody clue me in?

@_date: 2001-08-23 09:58:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous Posting 
It may depend on your window.  Remailer traffic's been pretty good for
the last six months.  No spam, for example.
Yes, one would expect all sorts of trash, but for some reason that's
not happening right now.
Setting a good example is an effective technique.  I'm using remailers
because of somebody else's example.
Fewer people doing it just means the process is slower.  It's really a
question of whether one wants to participate.
Actually, I consider the Great Timothy May to be beyond my judgment.
(No irony intended.)
In general, however, it's hard to understand why people who claim to
be cypherpunks won't use remailers or even encrypted mail.  The "I
only use these tools when I'm committing felonies" model is flawed.
If people were saying they are not interested in these tools or
technologies, then there's no issue.  But what I don't understand is
people claiming this stuff is interesting but then not even using it.
Even worse, many actually disparage those using encryption or
remailers and yet remain subscribed to this list.  Strange.
Using something is the first step to extending and improving it.  Even
non-coder users are helpful because they can encourage the coders to
make things better, as well as sending in bug reports, suggestions for
improvement, etc. etc.
No technology is developed solely at the drafting board.  People need
to hammer on it, kick it around, and play with it, before it gets to
be solid.
You got me there, pal.
(If there was more noise coming from remailers I'd probably sign posts
so filtering would be feasible.  Hopefully, I'd be filtered in!)
Many of these people are potentially useful.  It is unfortunate that
they fled instead of seeking technical solutions.  I consider this a
serious mistake.

@_date: 2001-12-18 23:56:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CIA in NYC 
Hate is a strong word. Be careful, Peter; John will think you had something to do with the business of it falling down.

@_date: 2001-12-21 17:37:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Utah go boom, not in the public domain 
In <3.0.5.32.20011221063626.0079fdf0 at sarin.com>, you write:

@_date: 2001-12-21 23:15:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
If the government put me in charge of subverting the remailer network, I
think the first thing I would do is round myself up a couple of "cypherpunks" (with anti-government, fuck-the-law attitudes) to gain the
respect of the operators of the most stable and popular remailers, and assume control of the remailer software development, infiltrating every node at the source.
Proposing that the remailer network would benefit more from 10 reliable,
properly configured and legally secure remailers than 50 "mosquito
remailers" is a pure statement of fact. Mix-nets need stable nodes. You're
welcome to design a different system that allows anonymous messages to be
transmitted through short-lived temporary nodes, but I doubt it will be
anything like what we're using now.
The best way to ensure the mix-net is going to protect you is for you to
run a remailer. (Better yet, write your own remailer software). The
remailer network should never become an "old boy's club." Anyone with the
ability to maintain a stable remailer must be permitted to join.
Government involvement isn't necessarily a bad thing. I'd happily include both a remailer run by Hamas and a remailer run my the Mossad in my remailer chains.

@_date: 2001-12-29 03:38:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Las Vegas spore hub 
Members of the 11Sept2001 sleeper cells visited Las Vegas. Among
the many interesting points about Las Vegas are the large numbers of tourists that stay in a very small number of
facilities. Anthrax or some other biological warfare (BW) agent delivered to the casino/hotel systems (through air
circulation systems, HVAC) would expose tens of thousands at a time; most of those individuals would enter the mass
transportation systems (airports, aircraft, trains, buses), spreading the infectious agent/infection, and arriving back at
their home destinations before common incubation periods would become an issue. Yes, the CDC is prepared to deliver
'push-packages' to cities in the U.S., but could it handle tens of thousands of possible cases throughout the entire U.S.
and the world? Could airports and aircraft be decontaminated effectively? The 'test cases' of anthrax through the U.S.
postal system expose the frightening potential of BW agents--the spores persist, travel, and are a trickier problem than
thought. Even with few fatalities, the mass transportation systems of the U.S. would come to a crashing halt.]

@_date: 2001-11-09 13:57:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: more on Nancy Oden 
british males call eachother cunts all the time.
i'm not sure if this is related.
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Thursday, November 08, 2001 5:51 PM

@_date: 2001-11-16 10:12:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Crypto Terrorists to be Tried in Military Tribunal 
Excellent, agent Gordon.
Unconstitutional delineation between "citizens" and "non-citizens" when rights granted by amendments are concerned is just the first step.
Remember jews. The first thing that happened to them was to lose several rights.
Next, the fuhrer's Kabinet will strip citizenship protection from "terrorists*". This will be the byline: "too many terrorists aquired citizenship through perjury".
Next, natural citizens will have to prove their allegiance in order to retain citizenship.
This is, stupid fuck, how things progressed in past. And we are talking here about inferior brainwashing machine (no TV) and relatively educated population in 1930s Germany. It took them 10 years what bushmen will do here in one short year. For they will not waste their time. I'll bet that even Kabinet members are still in disbelief how easy it goes. Maybe they will decide to collapse transamerica in SF just for fun ...
* anyone who doesn't wave flag while rectally penetrated by state officials

@_date: 2001-10-01 20:01:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Oracle must die 
I agree.
Last Fri I decided to go with informix (around $7K involved) - and oracle's joining of hysteria was the principal cause. This is the first time ever I made a decision based on non-technical issues.

@_date: 2001-10-05 02:39:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Martyrdom Videogame 
The christian God is a God of peace.
Doesn't do any good in war, sorry try again.

@_date: 2001-10-05 05:39:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
Again, watch Cnn with care. These are not suicides but attacks using
body. Even if the koran doesn't say: Use your Body For Allah in so many
ways, it's clear that is a valid form of fighting.
Cowardly according to the west. Well, supply I.J / HEZ / HAM with
then. Then we can have a fair and square show down in little israel.
They are in heaven now.

@_date: 2001-10-05 21:51:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anthrax found in Florida 
A man in Florida has been infected with anthrax, according to the CDC.
But don't freak out, they say. Don't buy a gas mask or antibiotics.
Don't panic. Get back in your cubicle. Keep working. Stay at your
desk. Under no circumstances should you try to find some ciprofloxacin, an
antibiotic which might be useful in treating inhalational anthrax.

@_date: 2001-10-24 07:50:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
The difference between "Wag the Dog" and "The Big Terrorist Hoax" is that the former was done far more professionaly, it cost more and returned no profit at all.
Face it: catalyzing suicidal WTC spectacle and mailing some anthrax probably did not cost more than $10-15 million altogether, and that is what purchased them their wet dream - dictatorship at the dawn of third millenia. One must commend the government for wise spending - this is the most bang for the buck I've ever seen.
Governments *always* killed their own subjects for gain, and the 5K bodies is actually low count for the effect produced. This kind of power shift usually required a major war with 10-100X more bodies.
So, the government is not only economical. It is also humane.

@_date: 2001-09-01 12:08:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Tim May Question 
I'm not sure if Reese was replying to one of my messages, but this
obsession less productive posters have with Tim is peculiar.
Looked at as an engineering problem, one tends to look at the
underperforming components.  Let's say you are running a steel mill,
and the average uptime of your blast furnaces is 10%.  One is 95%.
Nobody would spend their time trying to get the last 5% out of the
best furnace.  Anybody would look at it and figure out how to get the
other furnaces performing.
So, some other force is at work.  One candidate is the usual tedious
resentment that some people feel towards people they see as smarter,
more knowledgeable, and more creative than themselves.  This sort of
behavior is deeply repugnant to me, much more so than occasional
political incorrectness.
Another candidate is that certain people see Tim as somehow their
leader (or something), therefore making him accountable in some way.
Given that Tim is not anybody's leader and doesn't seem to want to be,
this is less repugnant than it is ridiculous.

@_date: 2001-09-16 22:27:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CNN.com 
I notice this bullet point in there:
"U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft calls on Congress to amend federal laws so that people convicted of helping terrorists would receive sentences similar to convicted spies."
How might this apply to people hosting crypto code on their webservers, or running remailers or mojonation and freenet nodes?

@_date: 2002-01-11 19:17:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Prosperity through punishment (was Re: more on procmail is 
Interesting drivel - the art of stating the obvious is live and well.
But the real fun part is that Nature is publishing a pro-AP article, elevating it to the level of "science". That poor sod in jail was just doing applied science, no ?
Of course that people would pay to punish.
(agent Gordon pay attention now !)
9 out of 10 cpunk list subscribers ("The Movement") would contribute, if assured of anonymity, up to $100 to have baby bush's brain aerosoled. 7 out of 10 would pay the same amount to have it done to any TV personality.
Show me the working double-blind bit-cash and I'll show you the world full of extremely polite people.

@_date: 2002-07-10 03:30:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
The question really is:  Suppose one becomes a US citizen, and
then resides outside the US.  Then is money on earned on assets
outside the US taxable by US authorities.
If, on the other hand, after being a resident for a while, and
paying taxes on money earned while in the US, one leaves the US
and resides somewhere else, retaining some US assets, is the money
earned on non US assets taxable?  Is income of a non US resident,
on non US assets, earning non US income taxable?  Would it be
taxable if that person had been so careless as to become a US
citizen during his stay in the US?
So do I get eligible for imperial taxes anywhere in the world
merely by staying in the US a while, having a green card and
paying US taxes, or do I only get eligible for imperial taxes
anywhere in the world by taking US citizenship?

@_date: 2002-07-22 18:41:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Are the Feds Wimps or What? 
Popularity, or lack thereof, of acts and plans by the government, which the government itself holds secret, provides little support for the "fascisim arising school", nor for the "just looking out for our citizens" school.
We are left to look back to history, and to see if we find any pattern of result from when extensive surveillance power, secret courts, secret detentions, suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, all during an undeclared war. Or we can see if we believe that power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
But beyond this, did you see George W. Bush smile just after 9/11 when he said "This war is going to take a very long time"? Do you recall the popularity of Winston Churchill during WWII, and how he was immediately dumped after the German surrender? Do you recall how the US-Iraq war took Bush I to grand heights of popularity, but by election time, the war was over, there were no heroes marching, and it came down to "it's the economy stupid"? Now what did Bush II learn from this:
Either 1) Make sure that Americans know you are on top of their concerns about the economy and you know how it is affecting everyday people, and keep the economy going strong.
2) Even if there are no attacks on the US by Al Qaeda after 9/11, keep a war hysteria going and show military force as the basis of maintaining wartime support levels from wartime patriotism.

@_date: 2003-04-13 16:45:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Single Point of Weakness is in the Works.Thank you Major Tom. 
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20030413221502.00a20640
Strike.  Learn to use STANDARD TIME FORMATS, you pathetic ex-con
sellout journalist.  DD/MM/YYYY is an antiquated european format.
Assuming Mr. Poulsen is fixating on the aspects of the draft he's
most familiar with, it becomes readily apparent that he is still
living in 1995.
Someone teach this child about fractals.

@_date: 2003-04-14 07:00:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Single Point of Weakness is in the Works.Thank you Major 
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20030414014751.00a1aec0
See, even though you couldn't, a fellow list reader could figure it
I apologize.  I seem to have misattributed your deficiency to Mr.
Poulsen or his mickey-mouse "security" organization.  It seems you
are such a turd that you replaced a perfectly good datestamp with
your bastardized DDMMYYYY shit, then cleverly proceeded to rat
yourself out.
Does this come naturally for you?  I have to make an effort to be so

@_date: 2003-04-14 07:47:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Single Point of Weakness is in the Works.Thank you Major 
References:                                                                                          YYYYMMDD is also an option if (in the judgment of the writer) space
is scarce.  Everyone reading this thread should know that already.
Acceptable?  Maybe to a few Europeans.  That's a waste - requires
computing the order of fields, and adds a character in its written
Me too.
I believe almost anything nowadays.
As shitty as those systems are, you have to wonder whether it's cost
effective to use federal, state, or industry money to fix them when
an M82A1 and some jerk in a Hummer could cause just as much trouble.
Simply because Sir Poulsen used that term to describe a
cobbled-together network. (two Poulsen |Ps up)
Insert dissent based on microsoft jab here.

@_date: 2003-12-12 13:52:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Idea: Using GPG signatures for SSL certificates 
Technically this is true, but the only thing that the CA signs is
other keys.  So it merely means that the CA can create certificates on
behalf of anyone the compromisers choose.  It doesnt "compromise" any
existing key or previously issued certificate or even any newly created
key.  In any case, you dont need a CA to use SSL.  (Or more accurately, you
dont need anyone elses CA to use SSL just create your own CA and
issue yourself a certificate. This can be done without a lot of effort
using openssl, for example.)
What exactly does this buy you?  The SSL certification authority system
has as its only (but useful) redeeming value that one can connect to
 and have some level of confidence that the SSL
certificate presented by that site was actually issued to
 and was issued by a "reputable" certification
authority -- one that presumably will not hand out a certificate stamped
 to creditcardscammer at blackhat.net.
If the certificate presented is not from one of the recognized
"reputable" CAs built into your web browser, SSL itself will still work
but your web browser will pop up a box saying that the CA is not in its
list of "reputable" CAs (and BTW "would you like to connect anyway?
I dont understand the mindless worship of the "web of trust".  PGP
(/GPG) is a useful tool, but the "web of trust" is simply a way of
"certifying" a key in a non-centralized, non-hierarchical way.

@_date: 2003-12-15 13:17:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The U.S. official's way of behaving like Texas rednecks are embarrassing. Not only are they cheering "we got him" like a child who can not withhold his enthusiasm. Displaying Saddam the way they did are also possibly a clear violation of the Geneva convention as far as I can tell.
  What was that quote by Nietsche again?
  One person who actually did behave in a respectable manner was the President. No lame "we got him" or cowboy hats there. At least not this time.

@_date: 2003-12-16 02:36:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
I am not sure I agree. I am no expert on this however. I saw several people commenting the issue of Geneva convention on CNN during the day. Also I saw an expert on this field from another country commenting on the issue stating that it was a clear violation of the convention. In either of these interviews were there any discussion on whether it didn't apply to this specific case due to what clothings he happened to wear or whattever. I got the impression that it was clear that the U.S. treatment wasn't fully appropriate.
Nietsche quote sought: "Battle not with monsters, lest ye become a monster. And if you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss gazes into you."
I think it's about not becoming evil yourself when you're fighting evil. Pretty applicable, yes. We should not be tempted to act in unlawful and questionable ways. It is sticking by international treaties and handling everyone in accordance to law and human values that separates us from evil men like Saddam. This is a good time to show him and his followers that all men, even those of his sort, are treated equal and given a fair trial as stipulated by the universal declaration of human rights by the UN in 1948. And this by the state they call "the great satan". Behaving like a lynch mob will make us loosers too.

@_date: 2004-04-29 01:13:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Oppenheimer 
"A classic illustration of this phenomenon comes from a book
entitled "Special Tasks" (Little-Brown, 1994, 1995) written by
Pavel Sudoplatov and his son Anatoly.
Lieutenant General Pavel Sudoplatov was Joseph Stalin's NKVD
director in charge of stealing atomic secrets. He reported
directly to Beria.
"The most vital information for developing the first Soviet
atomic bomb came from scientists engaged in the Manhattan
Project to build the American Atomic Bomb - Robert Oppenheimer,
Enrico Fermi, and Leo Szilard."
Robert Oppenheimer was the director in charge of the Manhattan
"When it became clear that the atomic project was a heavily
guarded, top-secret American priority, Eitingon and I suggested
that we use our networks of illegals as couriers for our sources
of information. Vassili Zarubin, our Washington rezident,
instructed Kheifetz to divorce all intelligence operations from
the American Communist party, which we knew would be closely
watched by the FBI, and to have Oppenheimer sever all contacts
with Communists and left-wingers."
On page 188:
"In 1943, a world-famous actor of the Moscow Yiddish State Art
Theatre, Solomon Mikhoels, together with well -known yiddish
poet Itzik Feffer, toured the United States on behalf of the
Jewish Antifascist Committee. Before their departure, Beria
instructed Mikhoels and Feffer to emphasize the great Jewish
contribution to science and culture in the Soviet Union. Their
assignment was to raise money and convince American public
opinion that Soviet anti-semitism had been crushed as a result
of Stalin's policies. Kheifetz made sure that the message they
brought was conveyed to Oppenheimer. Kheifetz said that
Oppenheimer, the son of a German-Jewish immigrant, was deeply
moved by the information that a secure place for Jews in the
Soviet Union was guaranteed. They discussed Stalin's plans to
set up a Jewish autonomous republic in the Crimea after the war
was won against facism."
Beria understood the psychology of unitary loyalty perfectly!
Continuing on page 189:
"In developing Oppenheimer as a source, Vassili Zarubin's wife,
Elizabeth, was essential. She hardly appeared foreign in the
United States. Her manner was so natural and sociable that she
immediately made friends. Slim, with dark eyes, she had the
classic Semitic beauty that attracted both men and women, and
she was one of the most successful agent recruiters,
establishing her own illegal network of Jewish refugees from
Poland, and recruiting one of Szilard's secretaries, who
provided technical data."
Oppenheimer's rationale was "fear that the Germans might produce
the first atomic bomb." But all he had to do to beat the Germans
to the punch was to build the bomb for America. And indeed, that
would have been the natural result of "dual loyalties." He could
have helped Jews and remained loyal to America at the same time.
But then helping America was not in the calculus at all. As
Beria understood perfectly, he was concerned only with one
unitary question; "How does this affect Jews?" And the answer
was that just as organizing the blacks and browns to vote their
antagonistic racial interests is critical to maintaining Jewish
power over whites in the 1990's, giving the atomic secrets to
Russia was the one way to reduce the power of whites in America
in the 1940s and 50s. Oppenheimer's naive view (prior to the
creation of the Israeli State) was that a nuclear armed Russia
would provide one more possible haven for Jews with the power to
protect them.
The goyim in our OSS (the forerunner of the CIA) would have
assumed "dual loyalty" and concluded that Oppenheimer presented
no security risk."
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-12-07 01:23:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Retinal Scans, DNA Samples to Return to Fallujah 
More useless eaters, in the guise of U.S. soldiers, begging to be
be sent up the chimneys by the displaced, denigrated Fallujans.

@_date: 2004-12-19 06:12:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Antisocial] Sept. 11 Conspiracy Theorist 
Major Variola typed:
the proper pejorative is "'Merkin."
which fedscum, do you have a mentionable source, &c.?
reminds of the Reno quote, "They have computers and... other weapons of mass

@_date: 2004-12-21 23:47:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RAH's postings. 
RAH, if you want to anonymize a quoted email, it helps if you remove the
P.T., there's not much technical discussion here.  Stick to cryptography-l
if you don't care about streetside auto repair.

@_date: 2004-02-23 17:29:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freematt's review of "A State of Disobedience" By Tom 
And if you look back, it's clear that 99% if not all repression
in the US comes from exactly that basis -- all the sex laws, porn
laws, drug laws -- the intolerant, hate-filled christian mindset that
says sex is bad, mental freedom is bad, pleasure is bad, the wilderness
is bad and must be tamed, subjegated, and "civilised", that the environment
is for humans alone to exploit, that other religions and cultures are
evil and must be suppressed and "rehabilitated" and re-educated as they
did with the Indians.
   Isn't it time for freedom loving people to wake up and start dealing
with the basic problem in the world and especially the US -- christianity?

@_date: 2004-07-05 21:32:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: UBL is George Washington 
But asymm warfare has to accomplish its goal.  It's not being very
successful.  The only people who are siding with al-qaeda are those whose
brains are already mush -statist socialists, to be precise.  If al qaeda
bombed government buildings or targetted the private residences or offices
of government officials, they might get more sympathy, from me at least.
Destroying an pair of buildings and killing thousands of citizens -most of
whom couldn't give an accurate account of U.S. forces distribution in the
MidEast- is not a step forward.

@_date: 2005-03-04 21:01:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jeff Jacoby: An inglorious suicide 
R.A. Hettinga spoke thusly...
What does this have to do with cypherpunks?  This is not your personal
blog.  Most of the list traffic is forwarded or cross-posted news
articles, but how is HST's suicide remotely on-topic?
It's not as if every possible angle on HST's suicide hasn't already been
covered by the press.

@_date: 2005-03-05 01:34:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SEC probing ChoicePoint stock sales 
While this is marginally more cypherpunks-related than Hunter Thompson's
suicide, I think we're all capable of reading the daily headlines if we
care about the SEC investigation du jour.

@_date: 2005-05-03 23:14:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: zombied ypherpunks (Re: Email Certification?) 
Guns.  You may not be able to kill them, but you may be able to force
them to kill you.
