
@_date: 2000-12-07 21:00:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
How often must your ID card be renewed?  What information does it (or the
ID database) contain that a German passport does not?

@_date: 2000-12-07 21:00:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
Has anyone recently attempted to open a non-interest bearing checking
account without giving out an SSAN?
What possible rationale (aside from "bank policy," "identification when
you lose your passbook," "it's easier for us this way," or "the computer
won't let us do that") could a bank (or the fedgov) have for requiring
social security account numbers on such accounts?

@_date: 2000-12-09 06:50:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Microsoft banned from security email list  
By Stephen Shankland
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
December 8, 2000, 1:05 p.m. PT
URL:  The administrator of a popular computer security mailing list banned postings from Microsoft on Thursday after the company stripped detailed information out of its advisories, but a compromise is likely on the way. Microsoft last week pared down the security warnings it sends by email to the Bugtraq and NT-Bugtraq mailing lists as well as to 130,000 other subscribers who want to know about vulnerabilities and fixes to Microsoft software, said Scott Culp, Microsoft's security program manger. Instead, the emails include a link to a Web page with additional details. Microsoft made the change so customers get the most up-to-date and accurate information rather than potentially out-of-date news from an archived email. "The goal is to make sure the information is as useful as it can be, it's timely, and it's accurate," he said. But he acknowledged Microsoft still must send new email out if the Web site changes. Bugtraq moderator Elias Levy thought the change was a step in the wrong direction. "I will no longer be approving any advisories with little or no content that point you to some other place for information," he said in a posting Wednesday. The change meant information is a step farther away, not archived and available in a single central source that might not always be available, he said. The dispute marks another chapter in the sometimes rocky relationship between Microsoft and security experts. While outside programmers often find problems with Microsoft's software, sometimes they earn Microsoft's ire by publishing the vulnerability before Microsoft has time to fix it. Levy wasn't the only one to complain. In a note Friday, programmer Forrest Cavalier voted to resurrect the older format, saying Microsoft has been known to move Web pages so older addresses no longer work. "There was a time that Microsoft URLs had a half-life of a few months," he said. Russ Cooper, moderator of a different security mailing list called NT-Bugtraq, applauded Microsoft's change. "Its very easy to have conflicting information about the scope of a vulnerability depending on which email version of the bulletin you're looking at," he said in a Wednesday posting. Culp, who spoke Friday with Levy at a Microsoft security conference, said Microsoft expects to change the format of the advisories to compromise. "There's a trade-off between how often can you send the (advisory) vs. the extra step of going to the Web page. Somewhere in there is a middle ground," Culp said. Levy began posting text versions of the Microsoft Web pages, but he said Microsoft told him "in no uncertain terms" that reproducing the information "would be considered an act of copyright violation." "So until Microsoft changes their policy or changes their email bulletins back to the old format, you won't see them on the list," Levy said. Microsoft is seeking email comment on the new advisory format. About 1,500 people so far have sent their opinions to the secfdbck at microsoft.com email address, he said. Levy couldn't be reached for comment today. Another change that comes with the new format is that Microsoft can track who is reading its Web advisories through the use of invisible tracking software called Web bugs, according to Privacy Foundation chief technology officer Richard Smith, who noted that he didn't see that as "a big deal." "One thing that Microsoft is learning here is what bulletins people consider important," he said in a posting to Bugtraq. "With the older format, where all the info was in an email message, they did not get this feedb

@_date: 2000-12-09 07:00:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Personal Firewalls Fail the Leak Test 
By Brian McWilliams In an attempt to show that personal firewalls may afford their users little protection against serious threats, a respected PC security expert has released a new software tool that pokes holes in many of the leading desktop security packages. Security-conscious Internet users, especially those on broadband connections, have made desktop firewall software into a booming business for companies like Symantec and Network Associates. But according to Steve Gibson, president of Gibson Research, almost all of these utilities only provide "pseudo protection" against attacks. That's because they put most of their effort into blocking incoming hacker attacks, while paying only scant attention to what he calls internal extrusion. "I really believe the problem of software in your computer misbehaving is much bigger than the problem of hacker attacks. Most people don't have any vulnerabilities; there's nothing a hacker can do to you. So I argue against the necessity of any kind of inbound blocking tool," said Gibson. To prove his point, Gibson has developed a free utility called LeakTest. The 27-Kbytes program is a trojan-horse/spyware simulator that attempts to slip past a personal firewall's defenses and connect to a server on the Internet. Not surprisingly, popular intrusion detection programs like BlackIce Defender from Network Ice fail to catch the outgoing connection and report it to the user. But more disturbingly, several firewalls that claim to offer outbound detection are also fooled by LeakTest. Among them, the best selling Norton Personal Firewall and McAfeeFirewall. Both are among a small number of desktop firewall programs that attempt to address the problem of unauthorized outbound leakage, but Gibson says they fall short and can be easily fooled or bypassed because they come pre-programmed to allow some applications to pass through the firewall. "This idea of allowing all these apps pre-approval is ludicrous. It's trivial to get permission out of the firewall without notifying the user," said Gibson, who observed that only one firewall, ZoneLab's ZoneAlarm, prevents malware from masquerading as a trusted program. "They do a cryptographic signature of the programs you're allowing. That's not hard to do, but they're the only ones who do it," he said. Tom Powledge, Symantec's product manager for Norton Internet Security, said the risks outlined by Gibson are low if users are running both a firewall and anti-virus software. And he said Symantec knows of no instances of programs that specifically target Norton Personal Firewall, which is shipped with NIS. But in response to Gibson's critique, Symantec plans to revise the application integrity checking feature in NIS, with an update available to users over Live Update by early next week. In the meantime, Powledge said concerned users can turn off automatic firewall rule creation. Judging by comments on the LeakTest message board at Gibson's site, plenty of users are concerned about the newly exposed porosity of their favorite firewall software. But Symantec's Powledge said their fears could have been avoided if Gibson had given vendors the customary advance notice before releasing LeakTest. "We were seeing no concern about this, and no exploits have been written. And while this makes customers aware of a potential issue, it also makes hackers aware," said Powledge. But Gibson, who had an earlier run-in with RealNetworks over the privacy behavior of its RealDownload product, said he's learned that unless pressure is brought to bear, companies are resistant to change. "These firewalls are not going to get better unless there's someone saying and able to prove -- and to enable the user to prove -- that these things are junk."

@_date: 2000-12-26 03:20:37
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: U.S. Draws Attention to Information Warfare Threat 
By REUTERS
Filed at 0:56 a.m. ET
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A year after the Y2K bug, U.S. officials are once again warning about perceived dangers to a United States increasingly stitched together by bits and bytes of computer code.
This time, a key stated fear is information warfare, or sneak electronic assaults that could crash power grids, financial networks, transportation systems and telecommunications, among other vital services.
National security aides trace the threat to hostile or potentially hostile governments as well as drug lords, criminal cartels and increasingly computer savvy guerrilla groups.
Some of these organizations ``are doing reconnaissance today on our networks, mapping them, looking for vulnerabilities,'' Richard Clarke, President Clinton's top aide for infrastructure protection and counterterrorism, told a Microsoft Corp. digital security conference in Redmond, Washington, on Dec. 8.
Cyberblitzes like those that briefly knocked out major Web sites in February -- including Yahoo! Inc.'s Internet gateway, eBay Inc.'s auction service and Amazon.com Inc.'s retail site -- could easily be copied on a larger scale, said Clarke, a staff member of the White House National Security Council.
``Criminals, crackers, foreign governments -- when the new president reads that intelligence briefing, he had better move pretty fast,'' he added.
Such warnings are not new from Clarke, who has frequently conjured up a ``digital Pearl Harbor,'' a reference to the Japanese surprise attack that threw the United States into the Second World War.
But Clarke and other U.S. officials seem to be stepping up a public awareness campaign, spurred by the spread of information technology, growing knowledge of malicious computer code and ever greater U.S. reliance on networked systems.
CYBERINICIDENT GROUP MEETS
On Dec. 18, the National Security Council held the first meeting of the recently formed Cyberincident Steering Group, aimed at fostering cooperation between the private sector and government to secure systems from domestic and international cyberattack.
``This meeting was an important first step in building computer security programs for the nation,'' said Peter Tippett, chief technologist for TruSecure Corp., a leading computer security company.
Among topics discussed were the creation of a rapid response system and communications between industry and government, said David Perry, the public education director for Trend Micro Inc., a maker of anti-virus products, and the co-chairman of the steering group.
The U.S. intelligence community voiced its concerns last week with the release of ``Global Trends 2015,'' a wide-ranging analysis by the CIA, its sister U.S. spy shops and outside experts.
The report said foes of a militarily dominant United States, rather than challenging it head-on, would seek to target an Achilles' heel in cyberspace or threaten the use of the deadliest chemical, nuclear or biological weapons.
``Such asymmetric approaches -- whether undertaken by states or nonstate actors -- will become the dominant characteristic of most threats to the U.S. homeland,'' the report, released by the National Intelligence Council, said.
Over time, attacks are increasingly likely to be fired off through computer networks rather than conventional arms, as ``the skill of U.S. adversaries in employing them'' evolves, the assessment said.
FBI FINGERS CHINA
It said many unnamed countries were developing such technologies to complicate what the U.S. military refers to as ''power projection'' and to undermine morale at home.
The interagency, FBI-led National Infrastructure Protection Center uses a slide depicting China's Great Wall in its standard presentation on cyberthreats, along with a quote from Sun Zi, author of a treatise on war in about 350 B.C.
``Subjugating the enemy's army without fighting is the true pinnacle of excellence,'' the FBI's slide quotes the ancient Chinese strategist as saying.
In a telltale update, the slide includes a 1999 quote from a Chinese newspaper referring to information warfare as a means of achieving strategic victory over a militarily superior enemy.

@_date: 2000-11-02 02:40:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Re: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents of Federal Bureau of Narcotics, 403
U.S. 388, 91 S.Ct. 1999, 29 L.Ed.2d 619 (U.S.N.Y. Jun 21, 1971).
The remand is:
Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents of Federal Bureau of Narcotics, 456
F.2d 1339 (2nd Cir.(N.Y.) Mar 08, 1972).

@_date: 2000-11-13 22:10:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Bell's warrant return inventory 
from the 11/06/2000 Warrant Return Inventory
 1 White Paper with address of 701 5th Seattle, 206-346-1806
 2 Info Space People Search results: SHERMAN, BRENT 4 pages
 3 Internet Map Search results: 392 Alameda Ave, Astoria Oregon
 4 Email Message, re: August 18/19
 5 Copies US Treasury Check, Copies Edison Intern'l common stock dividend
   checks
 6 Clark County Receipt "330197"; Clark Co. Receipt $16.00; Note w/
   license number 616-AQQ
 7 Not seized
 8 Handwritten document with vehicle license plates
 9 Paper documents relating to JEFF/JEFFREY GORDON
10 Six Compact Disc ROM's relating to Oregon Dept of Motor Vehicles
   Database
11 Three phone disc CD Rom's - Digital Directory Assistance, INC
12 Floppy dis; Power transformer attached to computer
13 Email from Robert East to Jim Bell
14 Printed documents related to Ryan Lund
15 TIGTA fax-dated 7/31/00
16 One envelope to James Bell re: Lund; Doc's re: LUND; color print of map
   re: 1116 NE 58th, Vancouver
17 Computer floppy Disks - six 3.5 inch
18 One floppy disk, "ATF Thug Hunt" handwritten on label
19 One spiral notebook of handwritten notes related to JEFF GORDON
20 Three pads of paper w/ GPS readings; w/King, Sundown, Jose Martinez,
   License Plates; w/Riten King Sundown
21 Various documents, computer printouts re: Lund, Fed Spy, DMV records
22 Twelve stapled pages of DMV printouts re: Bend, OR,
23 Five stapled pages of DMV printouts, concerning CIA mapquest maps
24 US District Court filings by RYAN LUND, research on CHAD PETERSON, docs
   on W. Martin
25 One printed sheet each, re: LISA STEVENSON, JEFFERY GORDON
26 Folder marked "Spy Research"
27 One blue three ring binder containing documents re: SABAN and SUNDOWN
28 Identification and criminal history section "WSP Watch re: Lund,
   thomas, Oct 27, 1971, 6/23/00
29 Mapquest print for address "8 Towhee Ln, Bend, OR, 2 pages
30 CPU: Gateway, ATX Tower, Serial 0018625569, manf 5/10/00
31 CPU: generic, no serial number
32 CPU: generic, no serial number
33 Various photographs, voter registration records, Ryan Lund Documents,
   Greg Daly, DMV Info
34 Documents re: Ryan Lund, one notebook
35 Documents re: real propert for Jeffery Gordon, KM Cummings, DMV Info
36 Documents re: Ryan Lund, DMV Records, Email from Mike to Lou Bell
   addressed to Jim; Name/Address search
37 Notebook on KOCH
38 Mapquest documents, fax machine memory printout
39 One printed metroscan property profile re: SABAN, 10 pages, 5
    photocopies of documents re: SABAN

@_date: 2000-11-25 11:40:30
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Paying for privacy 
Market could be huge, but consumers are a tough sell
BY DEBORAH LOHSE
Mercury News Dozens of new companies are betting that someday soon, Internet surfers will behave like James Bond in cyberspace.
They dream of consumers, rabidly protective of their online privacy, who use technology to obscure their online tracks from the prying eyes of corporations and marketers. When that day comes, companies like Privada Inc., Zero-Knowledge Systems, iPrivacy and Anonymizer.com. plan to be in the money. Each makes technology for Bond-like obscurity on the Web.
Good luck trying, say privacy experts, analysts and investors. While the market could indeed be as big as the $50 billion predicted by industry leader Zero-Knowledge Systems, already a handful of companies have gone under or changed their business models after trying in vain to get consumers to pay for privacy.
The hurdles are many. Consumers profess great concern over privacy but have only nebulous understanding of the risks and little inclination to change their online behavior. Giants like Symantec, Microsoft and Netscape are incorporating privacy elements into their products, including ``cookie managers'' coming in the next versions of browsers. And companies need a lot of capital to keep up with rapidly changing technology.
That means a lot of the companies vying for a piece of the privacy pie now won't survive what some see as an inevitable industry shakeout.
``There's an awful lot of start-ups that have a privacy theme. Many of them aren't going to make it,'' predicted Beth Givens, project director at the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse in San Diego.
There's no shortage of privacy technologies. Some promise to let users surf without leaving computer-identifying ``cookies'' or revealing their Internet addresses. Others allow surfers pseudonyms that are destroyed when they leave the site. Some block all Net-based advertisements -- which track whether users respond to them -- or offer encrypted addresses, decodable by the Postal Service, for purchases. And some dirty the data that marketers collect by aggregating users' profiles with others in a large group.
But the biggest hurdle to success may be consumer complacency. While every privacy company can cite statistics on consumer privacy worries, by and large consumers are also awfully enamored of the personal attention -- a la Amazon book recommendations -- that giving away their information can get them.
``We're Americans. We'll give up anything for 50 frequent flier miles,'' said Jonathan Gaw, an analyst with technology research firm IDC. When IDC asked consumers what would entice them to disclose certain information they professed to want kept secret, the number-one answer was a $100 gift certificate. ``The number two answer was a $50 gift certificate,'' he said.
That bodes poorly for many companies, especially those that expect consumers to take extra steps like downloading privacy software, registering or paying for the service, or making a stop at a privacy site.
Instead, consumers are going to demand that their basic Net tools, like browsers, automatically make selective anonymity an option.
And consumers may not even demand that until they see a few more headlines about video players tracking what they watch or computer chips identifying them by name. ``When we see a few divorce cases or child-custody cases where lawyers are able to subpoena these files,'' said Givens, then ``people will wake up and see the danger of these large profiles.''
Most privacy-technology companies are privately held, so it's tough to see who's in the black and who's bleeding money right now. But some experts said the ones with most promise are those like Zero-Knowledge Systems or Privada, which sell their technology not just to consumers but also to businesses that want to provide privacy technology as a service to customers.
Privada's technology offers consumers greater control over how much information they give to sites. The Sunnyvale-based company recently inked a deal with American Express. An Amex spokeswoman wouldn't disclose terms of the deal, but said it will start offering protected browsing to cardholders ``soon.''
Privada used to sell directly to consumers on a test basis, but no longer does, because that ``doesn't get the privacy services where they belong, at the on-ramp to the Internet,'' said Barbara Bellissimo, a founder and vice president of Privada.
Bellissimo likens privacy technology -- which she said will one day be a standard feature of all browsers and Internet service providers -- to car air bags. When air bags first came out, ``they were optional and people paid more to have them,'' she said. But they eventually they became required features whose costs were bundled into the cost of the car.
Ultimately consumers will likewise demand the ability to easily surf unrecognized, send untraceable e-mail, and even arrange a package shipment without the marketer getting their name and address. The privacy game already has some casualties. A defunct company called Enonymous.com tried to build a business by rating web sites' privacy policies and storing consumers' personal data to judiciously share it with trusted partners. The company failed to attract enough consumers and business partners, noted Jason Catlett, president of privacy watchdog Junkbusters.
Persona Inc. likewise tried to help consumers leverage their personal data by getting discounts or freebies, but didn't garner enough participants. Persona now teaches companies how to request permission to use personal data and sells technology to use it.
Consumers may be wary of such ``infomediaries'' because there's no guarantee that a company supposedly keeping their personal profile under wraps is trustworthy or won't be bought out by another company with different designs. Firefly, which offered a centralized ``wallet'' for personal information to be released upon instruction by the consumer, was bought by Microsoft in 1998.
``People that trusted Firefly said, `Darn, here we thought we were giving our information to Firefly, now we've given our information to Microsoft,'J'' said Gaw. He said it gave many consumers pause for thought, ``even if we don't' think Microsoft is the evil empire.''
Contact Deborah Lohse at dlohse at sjmercury.com or (408) 271-3672

@_date: 2000-10-03 16:10:22
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers 
You can get the source for the current version of Mixmaster (2.9b23) via
anonymous FTP from mixmaster.anonymizer.com.
Send mail to remailer-operators-request at anon.lcs.mit.edu for info on the
remop mailing list.  There's also a Mixmaster-specific list:
mix-l-subscribe at jpunix.com.
If you run into trouble during install, mail either of the lists with your
There isn't one, yet.  It's being worked on.  Slowly.
You're set with what you have.  In theory, maintaining a separate remailer
box may insulate the rest of your hardware should LEOs come a'knocking
some day, but I wouldn't count on it.  (I also wouldn't worry about this
scenario too much.)
Make damned sure you're on good terms with your ISP and whoever handles
your DNS.  Your remailer may get shut down when you're not looking.
That said, I've never given serious consideration to shutting down my
remailer.  It's certainly been a headache on numerous occasions, but so
are many things.  Like children.
"Technical abuse" has been only a minor annoyance for me.  I've received several letters from PIs ranging from demands to reveal a
user's identity, to simple inquiries on how remailers work.  I also have a
small collection of letters from standard lawyers, and from Scientologist
ones as well.  I frequently receive notes informing me that Such-and-Such
Police Department has been informed of my "crimes," but I tend to ignore
Get used to receiving a lot of hate mail.  In all the time I've been running
a remailer, I've gotten one thank you note, and countless threats.  Of
course, said threats are frequently so poorly written, you may find they
make an attractive addition to your refrigerator door.
The real trick for me has been figuring out when to reply to an
inquiry/complaint, and when to forward it to /dev/null.*  It's quite
possible that you'll receive tens of complaints of "abuse" every day.
They'll range anywhere from illiterate demands to cancel "Ann Onymous's
subscrivtion" for making an off-topic post in rec.pets.cats, to
notification that "Interpol, the FBI, and my brother, the cop," are all
coming to get you...for something.  I'm particularly fond of the "crimes"
of which I'm frequently accused by these complainers.  My personal
favourite involved an astute AOLer who informed me that "accessory to
acomplise harassment" is not looked upon favourably in Washington State.  I laughed for days.
Separating the kooks and the nitwits from the legitimate (i.e. legal)
threats is just something you'll have to learn.  It should be fairly easy
for you -- you read cypherpunks.
* At least two Cypherpunk regulars have suggested piping all abuse@ mail
off to /dev/null.  While this is nice in theory, it could be disastrous
for a DSL subscriber with a toothy ToS agreement.

@_date: 2000-10-23 06:20:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Privacy Debate at the Commonwealth Club in SF (fwd) 
For anyone in the SF Bay Area who is even mildly interested in the privacy
discussion, I highly recommend that you attend a public affairs-style
discussion on Internet privacy to be held at The Commonwealth Club on
Thursday, October 26, from 5:15 -- 7:15pm.
The discussion will be moderated by John Markoff of The New York Times.
Panelists include: Bob Lewin, President and CEO of TRUSTe; Marc Rotenberg,
Exec. Dir. of EPIC; FTC Commissioner Mozelle Thompson; and Chris Kelly,
Chief Privacy Officer for Excite at Home.
Together, the panel represents the five points that are driving the privacy
discussion: the media, self-regulation, government, industry, and advocacy.
Let's see if they can agree on anything.
Go to The Commonwealth Club site ( for ticket
information... See you there.

@_date: 2000-10-26 01:50:36
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: CA gun registration, Canada, and civil disobedience 
The upcoming deadline for CA's "Assault Weapon Registration" has weighed
heavily upon my thoughts for some time.  The blank registration form sits
on my desk, staring back at me every time my eyes wander away from the
Registrant Last Name, Registrant First Name, Registrant Middle Name, DOB,
Sex, Height, Weight, Eyes, Hair, Physical Residence Address, Mailing
Address, CA Driver License or ID Number, Telephone Number, and, of course,
Right Thumbprint.  ("The registrant's right thumbprint impression of
fingerprint identification quality must be provided in the space
indicated. If DOJ identification specialists determine the impression
quality is unacceptable, the application will be returned unprocessed.
Local police and sheriffs' departments provide quality fingerprint
impression services.")
The Fall 2000 issue of the JPFO's Bill of Rights Sentinel contained the
following article on Canada's C-68.  Balancing my own cynicism against
the authors' bit of Pollyannaish rhetoric, it seems there are at least a
few brave Canadians willing to openly thumb their noses at their Firearms
Act on January 1, 2001.
What will happen when January 1, 2001 hits CA?  Probably not much.  I
strongly doubt that even a single individual will be bold enough to
present himself, unarmed, in public (much less his local police station)
and exclaim, "Hear that, CA DOJ?  I tore up your little card and I didn't
turn in my gun!"
Refusal to cooperate with the census seemed almost fashionable this year.
My census form met its untimely demise in my paper shredder.  No doubt
many other forms, both Cypherpunk and Sheeple alike met more creative
How many Californians have publicly announced their refusal to cooperate
with the fascist Assault Weapon Registration?  How many op-ed pieces have
been written encouraging citizens to "Just Say No" to this precursor to
confiscation?  How many outside the state are wringing their hands in
dismay that their legislatures will soon follow suit?  What sane person
would engage in civil disobedience in this climate of trendy gun-grabbing?  Likewise, what *fool* would actually register his "assault weapons"?
What to do, what to do...
"Peace where freedom is compromised isn't peace - it's surrender.  In a
compromise between poison and food, the only winner is death."
[Bill Of Rights Sentinel, Fall 2000, JPFO, Inc.  Civil Disobedience in Canada: It Just Happened to Be Guns
In a representative government, and in an ideal world, those elected to
public office are expected to act selflessly, and always in the best
interests of their constituents. And they are trusted to do so, until the
evidence of betrayal is undeniable.
Sometimes, that betrayal takes the form of an unjust law, one which is
both dangerous and costly to society. That's exactly what befell Canadians
in 1995 with the passage of C-68, the Act Respecting Firearms and Other
Weapons (generally referred to as simply the "Firearms Act").
As of January 1, 2001, Canadians who currently own a firearm, or who wish
to own one are required to obtain a license from a Chief Firearms Officer.
And although the Canadian government has required registration of handguns
since 1934, as of January 1, 2001 all other firearms lawfully owned must
be accounted for by a registration certificate. By that date, the Canadian
Justice Department will thus possess a registry of all gun-owners and
their guns, if all goes according to plan.
But the result of the Firearms Act has been massive civil disobedience. R.
Bruce Hutton, formerly of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP,
Canada's national police force), formed the Law-Abiding Unregistered
Firearms Association (LUFA) in November 1998. Since then, Hutton has been
traveling throughout Canada urging non-compliance with the Firearms Act,
and exhorting fellow gun-owners, "Come to jail with me."
More than twenty thousand Canadian gun-owners had taken Hutton up on his
challenge as of July 15, 2000, openly declaring their intent to disobey
the law by not complying with registration. When gun-owner populations are
compared, that translates to the U.S. equivalent of almost 400,000
American gun-owners, conservatively stated. Hutton's anger has clearly
resonated among fellow Canadians, proving that an ordinary man can make an
extraordinary difference.
When January 1, 2001 rolls around, LUFA's members are prepared to stand
unarmed in front of RCMP offices and submit, as felons, to their 5-year
prison terms. LUFA's projected membership that time will be enough to
overwhelm an already strained Canadian criminal justice system. An
equivalent action by American gun-owners would probably have the same
Hundreds of thousands of other Canadian gun-owners have made known their
intent to delay registration until the last possible moment. Their forms
will arrive all together in the last few weeks, throwing the entire
bureaucracy into disarray.
On June 15, 2000, Canada's Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of
the Firearms Act and finally pushed some Canadians over the brink. The
provincial governments of Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba have dumped
both the administration and the enforcement of all federal gun-control
laws -- including the 66-year old handgun registry -- right back into
Ottawa's lap, throwing the Canadian government into civil war, one fought
on paper for the time being. Interesting times lie ahead to the North of
Why are our usually obedient neighbors to the North acting out of
C-68: FALSE PROMISE AND LIES
Various rationales have been articulated to explain civil disobedience in
response to the Firearms Act. A good deal of discussion has focused on the
skyrocketing costs of administration. But none of these explanations
account for why Canadian gun-owners are increasingly willing to disobey
their government, and suffer hefty fines and serious jail-time.
The real answer seems to lie in the fact that, although the Firearms Act
mandates firearm registration, it is not "just another" gun-control law,
and the defiance it has elicited is not just about guns.
When it was enacted into law, the Firearms Act did far more than implement
firearm registration. It provided for the confiscation of more than half of
all registered, legally-owned handguns in Canada -- without compensation

@_date: 2000-10-28 19:40:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ho to KICK OUT Junkbusters users 
Has anyone had cybersex with your incarnation of G W Bush?  [shudder]

@_date: 2000-11-01 00:10:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Re: (no subject) 
*snort*  Ask HettingaAgent at aol.com or SunderAgent at aol.com.

@_date: 2000-09-19 00:00:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Re:  would it be so much to ask.. 
Would it be so much to ask you to post in complete sentences?  Would it be so much to ask you to post to a node other than toad.com?  Would it be so much to ask you to read the archives before offering
suggestions on list "improvement?"
Apparently, "yes," is the only answer.
Go away.

@_date: 2000-09-26 22:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CDR: Of Huns and throats 
from _Onwards to Victory_, Cassell edition, page 100:
"The proud German Army has by its sudden collapse, sudden crumbling and
breaking up...once again proved the truth of the saying, 'The Hun is
either at your throat or at your feet.'"

@_date: 2000-09-30 21:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: AES winner to be announced Monday. 
Though NIST is being very secretive regarding the AES announcement,
they let the following rumors leak:
1. There is a single winner.
2. It is not an American design.
If so, this rules out MARS, RC6, and Twofish. But now comes the
third rumor:
3. The winner is not covered by any patent or patent claim
identified or disclosed to NIST by interested parties.
Assuming this is true, there is only one algorithm that is not
explicitly mentioned in Hitachi's claim: Rijndael.

@_date: 2001-04-07 03:30:30
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: IP follies 
"Kuala Lumpur located" inet-one.com's IP (216.167.27.54) seems to be owned by
Verio, Inc. (NET-VRIO-216-167-000)
8005 South Chester Street
Englewood, CO 80112
3  usc-isi-atm.ln.net (130.152.128.2)  3.509 ms  4.66 ms
4  fa-0-0-0.a01.lsanca01.us.ra.verio.net (209.189.66.65)  5.98 ms  5.281 ms
5  ge-5-0.r01.lsanca01.us.bb.verio.net (129.250.29.142)  5.654 ms  7.404 ms
6  p4-5-0.r00.snjsca03.us.bb.verio.net (129.250.2.25)  13.729 ms  15.388 ms
7  p4-0-3.r05.plalca01.us.bb.verio.net (129.250.2.73)  13.494 ms  15.355 ms
8  p4-0-2.r00.mclnva02.us.bb.verio.net (129.250.2.246)  103.8 ms  103.54 ms
9  p4-2-0.alx2.dn.net (129.250.17.2)  103.263 ms  103.274 ms
10  ge0031.ed2.wdc.dn.net (216.167.88.124)  104.228 ms  106.188 ms
11  kuala-lumpur.inet-one.com (216.167.27.54)  104.531 ms  104.717 ms
dn.net appears to be ... Verio.
So, inet-one.com is somewhere in US.

@_date: 2001-04-08 19:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: international cypherpunk force 
There was an interesting proposal by Dave Del Torto yesterday at SFBAY
cypherpunk meeting. He suggested that cypherpunks were, sort of, invited
to help a newly founded international police force. These guys help the
international court of justice, and track down criminals like Milosevic,
bin Laden and others. In their investigations they need strong crypto,
because sometimes they operate in the hostile environments.
If any cypherpunk needs a get-out-of-jail pass, this is the chance to
earn one.
Volunteers should contact Dave.

@_date: 2001-04-20 06:30:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Privacy Prez? 
The Privacy President?
By WILLIAM SAFIRE
WASHINGTON � In an action that left medical data-swappers sputtering with rage and the well-heeled intrusion lobby moaning about its "operational nightmare," President Bush struck a blow last week for the privacy of medical patients' records.
Few expected Bush to make good on the belated rule changes his departing predecessor made that so offended health-care bureaucrats. But now doctors, hospitals and insurers are obliged to get patients' consent before passing around intimate personal information.
This is only the beginning. During his campaign, Bush promised not only to uphold the principle of advance consent from users of the Internet and from depositors in banks, but to go after identity thieves and "make it a criminal offense to sell a person's Social Security number without his or her express consent."
His spokesman made clear to Wall Street Journal reporters that despite pressures from marketers, bankers, H.M.O.'s and credit snoops, Bush had told his domestic policy advisers he would "tend to side with the privacy point of view." He doesn't go overboard � he thinks parents, for example, should be able to see their children's records � but he seems to grasp the essential principle.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Court of Appeals here smacked one of the largest commercial snoops upside its headers. Trans Union Corporation, which has electronic dossiers on three out of four Americans, claimed a First Amendment right to sell credit information in mortgage applications to "target marketers" without the targeted consumers' permission. The intruder was willing to provide only an "opt-out," placing the burden of defending privacy on the unsuspecting victim.
The court disagreed. It held that the government, through the Federal Trade Commission, could require companies to get an individual's permission before selling credit data on that person to salesmen looking for prospects with delicious vulnerabilities. The far-reaching court decision affirms the role of government in protecting the privacy of individuals.
But what about government itself poking unnecessarily into people's private lives? Sure enough, with the executive and judicial branches awakening to the public's growing resentment of data rape, sleepy solons of the legislative branch are rubbing their eyes and noticing the issue.
Senator Fred Thompson discovered that 64 government Web sites place "cookies" in the computers of site visitors, enabling the feds to track the viewing habits of citizens long after they have left the government site. The irate Tennessean promised hearings because "the federal government should be setting the standard for privacy protection in the Information Age."
Rather than setting up talkathon commissions, Congress should be setting down laws, because banks, hospitals, colleges and dot-com enterprises have for years been paying lip service to privacy standards � posting soothing "privacy policies" that are warrants for sustained snooping � while making an open book of every person's health, personal habits and bank account.
One oughta-be-a-law applies to a problem that touches a nerve in tens of millions of Americans: the abuse of Social Security numbers as identifiers, contrary to the specific intent of the system. Ostensibly used for identity protection, Social Security number abuse has led to increased stalking and even murder.
And identity theft. Next on President Bush's privacy list is this spreading crime that ruins lives, not just credit ratings. In the Senate, Richard Shelby has been taking the lead on this, the D'Artagnan working with "the three privateers," Dianne Feinstein, Jon Kyl and Judd Gregg.
Bush's signals have given heart to Clay Shaw in the House. He says, "We'll be dropping a new bill to protect Social Security numbers in the next couple of weeks, hold hearings before Memorial Day and look for Senate partners."
Pitfall ahead: We'll see if Bush's appointee to head the Federal Trade Commission is as privacy-conscious as the departing chairman, Robert Pitofsky.
But the tide she is a-turning. We have a Congress that is getting the word from constituents; a judiciary that remembers Justice Brandeis and his "right to be let alone"; a press beginning to assign privacy as a beat; and a man in the White House who may not be averse to being thought of as the privacy president.

@_date: 2001-08-01 11:30:44
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Forced disclosures, document seizures, Right and Wrong. 
Come now, surely justice, right, and wrong are lurking in there
The word "justice" is used frequently by the legal crowd.  For
examples, "the Justice Department", "The Justices of the Supreme
Court", and that blindfolded lady with the scales, all suggest to the
general public that the idea is to somehow provide justice.  Nearly
everybody who is not a lawyer believes that's a service a legal system
is intended to provide.
Perhaps I miss your point.  Is your statement intended as a
condemnation of the U.S. legal system?  Which legal systems do you
believe are about justice, right, and wrong?

@_date: 2001-08-06 03:50:23
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Traceable infrastructure 
All the more reason to morph freenet/mojo to mix duties, maybe even
create a worm version that gives no evidence of it's existence, other than some increase in traffic.
   What happened to melontrafficers.com BTW?   > Now, the above is of course fiction, for now at least. But keeping such
  > widescale attacks on the infrastructure part of the threat model is not,
  > IMHO, a bad idea. The discussions on stego, disposable remailers, physical
  > broadcast technology and the like are part of that, and serve to lay the
  > groundwork in case shit one day does hit the fan.
  Last I checked, the vast bulk of remailers were in North America and
  Europe. Given sufficient provocation (Bush twins kidnapped, Osama
  talking biochemwomdterror in DC), I could easily see a coordinated set
  of pre-dawn raids to "gather evidence" and seize computers as part of
  a criminal investigation. Obviously the servers would have to be held
  as potential evidence for a trial - did they keep logs? our techs will
  find out - which could take a decade. This would cripple the current
  remailer network and generate almost no public outcry beyond the
  cypherpunks and such.
  -Declan

@_date: 2001-08-06 04:00:26
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Traceable infrastructure 
All the more reason to morph freenet/mojo to mix duties, maybe even
create a worm version that gives no evidence of it's existence, other than some increase in traffic.
   What happened to melontrafficers.com BTW? hmm, for that matter, there seems to a number of remailers down -- what's going on?
  > Now, the above is of course fiction, for now at least. But keeping such
  > widescale attacks on the infrastructure part of the threat model is not,
  > IMHO, a bad idea. The discussions on stego, disposable remailers, physical
  > broadcast technology and the like are part of that, and serve to lay the
  > groundwork in case shit one day does hit the fan.
  Last I checked, the vast bulk of remailers were in North America and
  Europe. Given sufficient provocation (Bush twins kidnapped, Osama
  talking biochemwomdterror in DC), I could easily see a coordinated set
  of pre-dawn raids to "gather evidence" and seize computers as part of
  a criminal investigation. Obviously the servers would have to be held
  as potential evidence for a trial - did they keep logs? our techs will
  find out - which could take a decade. This would cripple the current
  remailer network and generate almost no public outcry beyond the
  cypherpunks and such.
  -Declan

@_date: 2001-08-09 01:40:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Mixmaster Message Drops 
My studies show about 1 chance in 20 that any particular running
remailer will drop a message.  This is based on sending a bunch of
messages through chains of remailers of varying length and seeing how
many arrive in a day or so, and then calculating the average
probability.  These are not the lame remailers, either, these are the
cream of the crop, based on various performance reports.
Note that in a chain of twenty remailers this causes many messages to
be dropped.  Even if we achieve a reliability rate of 1 in 100,000,
this means about 1 in 5000 messages will be lost through a chain of 20
remailers - usable.
For some reason remailer culture has accepted message drops as normal.
They aren't normal.  There isn't any reason why a remailer should be
any less reliable than a mail server.  I estimate mail servers are far
more reliable than 1 loss in 100,000 messages.
One possibility is that some of my tests went through remailers that
are just down.  This hasn't been ruled out beyond any reasonable
doubt, but it appears that the drops are occuring in remailers which
are still carrying traffic.
I did an extensive series of tests with an internal mixmaster network
running Mixmaster 2.0.3.  I had to fool around with it, but I was able
to run many hundreds of messages through chains of 20 hops without a
single message drop.
The core software appears to be solid (unless bugs have been
introduced into more recent releases ;-), but the setup needs to be
The practice of putting something like this into .forward is a problem:
"|/usr9/loki/Devel/Mix/mixmaster -R >> /usr/spool/mail/username"
If too many messages come in at once this brings a machine to its
knees because it runs too many mixmaster processes at once.  This
feeds on itself because as more processes run, it takes longer for
each one to complete.
There may also be a bug in mixmaster which is only expressed when many
mixmaster processes simultaneously try to queue a message.
(FYI, this also creates an easy DoS attack on a mixmaster node.  Just
send the node a bunch of messages which loop back into itself over and
over again.  This should rapidly cause sendmail to spawn many
mixmaster processes and lock up the machine.  I haven't tried this on
anybody else's mixmaster node.)
The solution is to have a small program which puts incoming messages
into a spool file.  I've enclosed the perl script I used, which comes
with no guarantees and hasn't been tested all that much.
The script copies the message into a file in the spool directory
starting with "temp".  Then it moves it to a file starting with
"spool".  The reason for the move is to guarantee that all "spool"
files are complete messages.  The time of creation is encoded in the
filename so a processing program can get the files in order of
The other pieces needed are a small perl script which monitors the
spool directory and calls mixmaster to queue up each file and another
process which calls mixmaster repeatedly to process the queued
This setup causes no more than two mixmaster processes to run at a
time and is more robust.  Would somebody mind polling the remailer
operators to see how many are running mixmaster directly from
I suspect this is most of the problem.  If it isn't, we need to
eliminate it before pursuing the next suspect.
---cut here------cut here------cut here------cut here------cut here------cut here---
 -w
# This code is in the public domain.
# Put in a .forward file.  Spools mail into a directory for processing
# by something else.
require 5;
use strict;
use English;
my( = getpwuid($UID);
my($homedir) = $pwvals[7];
my($spooldir) = "$homedir/spool";
die "Home directory doesn't exist." if ! -e $homedir;
die "Home directory isn't a directory." if ! -d $homedir;
die "$spooldir doesn't exist." if ! -e $spooldir;
die "$spooldir is not a directory." if ! -d $spooldir;
my($now) = time;
if( length($now) < 12 ) {
    $now_string = ('0' x (12 - length($now))) . $now;
my($temppath) = "$spooldir/temp.$now_string.$$";
die "Amazingly, $temppath already exists." if -e $temppath;
open(SPOOLFILE, ">$temppath")
    or die "Could not open $temppath for writing.\n";
while(<>) {
    print SPOOLFILE $_;
my($spoolpath) = "$spooldir/spool.$now_string.$$";
die "Amazingly, $spoolpath already exists." if -e $spoolpath;
if( ! rename $temppath, $spoolpath ) {
    die "Could not rename $temppath to $spoolpath.";
# Let sendmail know everything is fine.

@_date: 2001-08-11 15:50:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: BOMB PLANS 
Sampo said:
     Blackpowder works fine, is easy to make from scratch. You get
sulpher from the garden store, charcoal is easily made or bought,
and potassium nitrate is easily extracted from manure, or just save
up your piss for awhile. And all you need to set off black powerder is a fuse or a match.

@_date: 2001-08-27 21:40:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
It is good to see some frank discussion of morality here.  Too often
cypherpunks seem to assume that anything that can be done, should be done.
However on closer examination it's not clear that many of the examples
above satisfy both financial and moral constraints.
"Freedom fighters in communist-controlled regimes."  How much money
do they have?  More importantly, how much are they willing and able to
spend on anonymity/privacy/black-market technologies?  These guys aren't
rolling in dough.
"Revolutionaries overthrowing bad governments."  The main revolutionaries
who will be willing to pay money are those who expect to get rich from
their revolution.  These are the ones who want to throw out the tyrants
so they can set themselves up as new tyrants.  It is people like this
who would be the best customers of cypherpunk technology.  You're not
making the world a better place by giving them tools.
"Distribution of birth control information in Islamic countries."  Again,
selling to Planned Parenthood is not a business plan which will make
anyone rich.
"Jews hiding their assets in Swiss bank accounts."  Financial privacy is
in fact potentially big business, but let's face it, most of the customers
today are not Jews fearing confiscation by anti-semitic governments.
That's not in the cards.  Most of the money will be tainted, and even
if it is largely drug money and you don't think drugs should be illegal,
much drug money is dirty even by libertarian standards.  It is used for
bribes, for coercion, even for murder.  Facilitating such activities
does not help to make drugs legal, it just gives murdering drug lords
more wealth and power and provides justification for increasing military
funding to fight the drug war.
"People avoiding unfair or confiscatory taxes."  This is a good one,
lots of customers, plenty of money, few moral problems.  Even if you
support some government programs, it will take a long time before enough
people adopt privacy protection tools that it could have a significant
impact on government tax revenues.  The big problem here is coming up
with the a technology that can do the job.
"People selling their expertise when some guild says they are forbidden
to."  Morally this one seems OK.  In a net already filled with bogus
medical and legal advice it can't make things much worse.  On the other
hand it's not clear that the existing prohibitions are hurting anyone's
bottom line.  How much can you really expect to make by selling forbidden
advice?  It's not clear that there is much of a market for this technology
but possibly someone could find a killer app here.
The conclusion is that you need to add a third axis to Tim's graph:
morality, in addition to value and cost.  Many of the most lucrative
potential uses of anonymity technologies are morally questionable.
If you add this additional filter you are forced to focus on just a
few application areas (with the additional complication that few people
will agree on morality, and that morality and legality often have little

@_date: 2001-08-28 08:20:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Members of the IRA are not freedom fighters in a communist-controlled
country.  bin Laden did fall under that definition when he was fighting
to get the Russians out of Afghanistan but that was a long time ago.
Now he's opposing American influence in Saudi Arabia.
Some developers may nevertheless sympathize politically with such these
groups and so could work on technology for them with a clear conscience.
The point is that those who will pay large sums to acquire access to
these technologies, even for the purpose of overthrowing an evil regime,
are not doing it out of altruism.  They're not good-guy libertarians
who only want to set up a John Galt state.  Realistically they're more
likely to be interested in taking over the reins of power themselves.
And it's pretty questionable to salve your conscience by saying that
even if these guys use the tools to bad ends, someone else will then
be able to use the same tools against them.  The problem is, we're
doing this for profit, right?  We won't give the tools away once
the first generation uses them to take over.  We should sell them to
the highest bidder.  (Better to think of a service than a tool here.
Most cypherpunk technologies require a distributed infrastructure that
you can charge for.)  The high bidders are once again going to be the
bad guys who want to take over for selfish reasons.
Pray tell, who exactly will pay large sums to be able to distribute birth
control information in Islamic countries?
This is trivial; the same can be said for any technology.  It is the users
and implementors who are moral actors, and that is who we are considering.
Fine, if the only point you want to make is that costs must be considered.
But eventually we need to move beyond that simplistic analysis.  At that
point we do need to consider morality and other issues.
The answers it gives depends on the questions you ask.  If your questions
are simple enough (untraceability good?) then your chart will answer
them.  If your questions are more interesting (what technologies can
be practically implemented and make a positive difference in the world)
then you need a better chart.

@_date: 2001-08-28 22:10:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
The naivety of poster is appaling. I hope that "freedom fighters" in a "communist-controlled country" is used as a placeholder for "something good as positive" but I wouldn't bet on it.
Apparently ability to spell "crypto" does not imply political sapiense beyond that of inbred pigfucking redneck from Alabama (this is a place holder). You guys just want to do good things, like spreading crypto, right, without bothering much to figure out who's who on the planet. I have seen more intelligent dicourses on global politics and society on late night shopping channel shows than here.
Fortunately crypto is good in itself. Any crypto anywhere is a good crypto.

@_date: 2001-08-28 23:00:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
The reason why "in communist-controlled regimes" is relevant is because
you advanced it as an example of MORALLY acceptable use of technology
(presuming that most readers will oppose communism).
The objection was raised, yes, it is moral, but is it profitable?
There are not many communist-opposed freedom fighters around today,
not much money to be made there.
You came back and mentioned the IRA and bin Laden.  It is true, both of
these are well funded.
But this does not answer the objection.  The point was, can you find
groups that are both profitable to sell to, and morally acceptable?
The latter consideration is what led to the "in communist-controlled
regimes" limitation in the first place.  You can't just throw that part
out without losing the moral acceptability which motivated the example
in the first place.
bin Laden and the IRA have plenty of money, but will many cypherpunks
agree with their politics?  It's hard to believe that anyone thinks that
if the IRA or bin Laden were to succeed in their goals, that they would
put in place a kindler and gentler state.
It remains a challenge to identify groups that are both (A) wealthy, (B)
in need of anonymity technologies, and (C) morally acceptable to support.
Freedom fighters don't fit all that well, in today's world.

@_date: 2001-08-29 05:01:49
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Nomen says:
agree with their politics?  It's hard to believe that anyone thinks that
if the IRA or bin Laden were to succeed in their goals, that they would
put in place a kindler and gentler state.
It remains a challenge to identify groups that are both (A) wealthy, (B)
in need of anonymity technologies, and (C) morally acceptable to support.
Freedom fighters don't fit all that well, in today's world.
   What total bullshit --      And what's that previous bs about drug cartels being morally
unacceptable? Drug dealers are heros in today's world, we need to take
lessons from them. Look how they deal with judges and prosecutors down
in Columbia -- works for me! Seems like a real Good Thing@ in light of
Jim Bell, Brian West, etc.    Why do you say Osama bin Laden is not our friend? The enemy of my enemy is my friend, not so? Osama has no interest in taking over the
US, just in cutting off the head of the snake. Sounds like a great idea. The IRA wants to kick the Brits out of Ireland, another good
idea, should have happened long ago. IRA are great patriots. So is
bin Laden, so am I.    Maybe we could develop tools that the drug cartels would pay for,
or bin Laden, and that all mankind would benefit from. Maybe they
could pay for them by killing judges and prosecutors here for us.
Seems like a fair trade.

@_date: 2001-08-29 06:50:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
If only there was some technology that would let you post, and say
whatever you wanted... something that cypherpunks might have invented...
something that would provide you a shield so that even unpopular speech
can be presented with little fear of retribution.
If only.  Well, maybe someday.
According to  "Between 1990 and
2000, the rate of Americans who were imprisoned skyrocketed -- from 1
in every 218 Americans to 1 in every 142. That translated to over 1,500
additional inmates each week. Over 3 percent of the U.S. population was
in the corrections system."  Most of these are black, so if you're white
you're not affected so much.
And who is the one posting under his own name?

@_date: 2001-08-30 03:00:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Equally relevant is the companion Cypherpunk's Manifesto,
 by Eric
Hughes.  Hughes was co-founder of the cypherpunks, with Tim May, although
May has maintained a larger presence on the list.
Eric Hughes' document is largely forgotten other than "Cypherpunks write
code."  But let us look at one of its concluding points:
   For privacy to be widespread it must be part of a social contract.
   People must come and together deploy these systems for the common
   good.  Privacy only extends so far as the cooperation of one's
   fellows in society.  We the Cypherpunks seek your questions and your
   concerns and hope we may engage you so that we do not deceive
   ourselves.  We will not, however, be moved out of our course because
   some may disagree with our goals.
List subscribers may be surprised to see such sentiments from a
cypherpunks founder.  Privacy as a social contract?  Depending on the
cooperation of one's fellows in society?  Seeking engagement with those
who disagree?
Where is the hatred, the aggression?  Where is the applause for shooting
policemen in the face, or killing innocent children to make a political
point?  Where is the disdain and thin-skinned, spiteful resentment
at criticism?
None of these are inherent characteristics of the cypherpunk philosophy.
It is often forgotten that the cypherpunks movement is not primarily
political or legal or even technical.  It is moral.  Cypherpunks have
a vision of a morally superior society, and they seek to achieve it
through technology.
The cypherpunk world replaces coercion with cooperation.  It provides the
shield of anonymity against those who would offer violence and aggression.
As we move into the information age, control of information is control of
the individual.  Thus, privacy, control of information about one's self,
is freedom.
And as Eric Hughes points out, cypherpunk technologies are ultimately
based on social cooperation.  By definition, anonymity is meaningless
unless it is attained as part of a group.  "People must come together
and deploy these systems for the common good."
If it sounds ironic or paradoxical that cypherpunks are motivated for
the common good and bound by a social contract, you've been mixing
with the wrong cypherpunks.  Learn to see the cooperative philosophy
behind the movement and you will come to a better understanding of its
potential and its problems.
Cypherpunks don't have to be misanthropes and curmudgeons.  There is
need for idealists, for visionaries, for those who want to make the
world a better place than they found it, who want to improve the lives
of all classes of people.  Only in this way will the full potential of
the cypherpunks philosophy be reached.
"Any message posted to cypherpunks via an anonymous remailer gets an
automatic +2 on hit points, for it practices what it preaches."

@_date: 2001-08-30 05:20:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Legal Communication and Censorship.... 
Take a look at for an analysis of some of the cases involving metatags and trademarks.
That article discusses Eli Lilly's lawsuit against a health food company
that put Prozac in the metatags for their herbal antidepressant.  In that
case there was a possibility of confusion; a customer might have though
that the product was somehow related to Prozac or officially sanctioned
by Prozac's manufacturer.  However:
   "Comparison advertising, whether in print or on a Web site, is one
   of the few permitted uses of another company's trademark," Bevilacqua
   says. If a company runs a legitimate comparison advertisement on its
   Web site, mention of a competitor's trademark in the metatags of the
   page with the comparison ad would be an acceptable use of the mark,
   Bevilacqua says.
Your case would be a lot more similar to this.  You are basically doing
a comparison between scientology and, well, sanity.  As long as it is
clear that your site is ANTI scientology and is not endorsed in any way
by the church, then there should be no possibility of confusion.

@_date: 2001-08-31 08:30:18
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
You need to read your own posting more carefully:
You yourself were the one who raised the issue of morality.
Your examples were intended to be cases of "sweet spot" (that is,
profitable) applications which were also morally acceptable.  It is
entirely appropriate in that context to examine whether these examples
meet the test of both being profitable and moral.
When you were asked where were all the supposed wealthy freedom fighters
in communist controlled regimes, you came back with Osama bin Laden.
Do you think that bin Laden, if he succeeded, would bring in an era of
enlightened government supporting individual liberties?  The man is a
religious fanatic.  He is associated with the Taliban in Afghanistan,
which he helped put into power.  This is the same Taliban which has
destroyed priceless cultural treasures because they were not Islamic,
forbids women to work or attend school, and sends armed police to attack
when men and women eat in the same room behind closed doors.
Oh, and last week they banned the Internet.
Osama bin Laden, a perfect poster child for the cypherpunks.
We're definitely not seeing the same "big picture" if you think he is
a good example of someone cypherpunks should support.

@_date: 2001-08-31 19:50:31
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
That's absurd.  The Taliban doesn't need crypto anonymity.  They hold
the reins of power.  If they want to go after Christians, they just issue
an edict.  Their Islamic police stalk the streets of Kabul armed with guns
and whips.  They assault who they will, go where they wish.  What would
they need with anonymous remailers and pseudonym based credentials?
The larger mistake, which others have made as well, is that
these technologies are "tools" which, once created, may be used
by everyone.  Granted, with a basic encryption program this may be
the case.  (And indeed bin Laden is already using this technology,
But the more sophisticated technologies are not self-contained tools.
They require a supported and maintained infrastructure to operate.
Anonymous posters are painfully aware of how inadequate the current
remailer system is.  A truly reliable and effective anonymity technology
will be more like a service than a tool.  This means that the operators
choose to whom they will market and sell their services.
This was one of the main points of the original message.  You can't just
deploy a technology and hope that someone finds it useful.  You need to
identify and target a market segment where the value exceeds the cost.
And Tim May himself raised the issue of further looking for profitable
markets which are morally acceptable.  He sometimes seems reluctant
to admit it, but the point of crypto anarchy is to improve the world
by reducing the impact of government coercion.  It's not supposed to
be a nihilistic attempt to tear down institutions just for the sake
of destruction.
Any cypherpunk who creates a privacy technology which targets bin Laden
and his cohorts as a market is deluding himself if he thinks he is making
the world a better place.  You can say all the nasty things you like
about Western civilization, but crypto anarchy has the best chance of
survival under a democratic government that pays at least lip service to
values of individual freedom.  You who believe that the U.S. government
is the epitome of evil should spend some time living in Afghanistan.
See how far you get with your crypto technologies in a country which has
banned the internet, vcrs, satellite dishes, television, movies and music.
The point is that cypherpunks have a goal.  The technology is not the
end, but the means to the end.  The end is a world with more freedom
and more privacy.  Getting there is not easy, the path is not obvious.
And it is certainly not inevitable, as the past ten years of failure
should have made clear.
It is important to identify markets which will advance the cause rather
than set it back.  Tim May made a good start on this in his earlier
posting.  Those who reject the idea of judging groups and markets by
their morality are the ones who are missing the point.

@_date: 2001-12-06 07:40:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Meta-reputations 
To summarize:
You can sell nyms by transferring private keys.  Whether other people
like it or not, it can be done.  And others can't necessarily tell.
There is nothing to stop someone from transferring his private key
in this way.  Any reputation goes along with the nym, and this may be
quite valuable.  As Wolf points out, building up a reputation is a lot
harder than maintaining one.
The main problem is how to do the transfer cleanly, such that the former
nym owner can't damage the reputation once sold.  Several solutions
have been offered, involving doing a key change.  Complications arise
in terms of making the old key useless, but these can probably be worked
out using careful timing, as well as escrow services.
Here is another way to handle it: meta-reputation.  This is your
reputation for reliably handling reputations.  Someone who has done several
nym transfers cleanly and honestly could build up a meta-reputation and
this will facilitate future nym sales.
Meta-reputation cannot be solely associated with a particular nym, but
via transferrable credentials it can build up over a family of nyms
which are unlinkable.  A nym seller can present credentials showing
that it has completed successful nym transfers in the past, honestly
and without problems.  This offers evidence that a proposed nym transfer
will go smoothly as well.
The problem of selling meta-reputation is left as an exercise for
the reader.

@_date: 2001-12-10 21:50:24
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
John Young writes, regarding Assassination Politics:
Cypherpunks pioneered the use of encryption and anonymity for many
purposes, but one of them was precisely this: to allow discussion of
forbidden subjects.
That's bullshit.  Surely you can't deny that AP was conceived by
Bell exactly as what it was claimed to be, a tool to be used against
government agents who overstep their authority and violate the rights of
American citizens.  (And as an important consequence it would therefore
encourage governments to behave legally and respectfully towards their
citizens, as they should.)  Bell certainly did not conceive of AP as a
way of entrapping cypherpunks.  He didn't even know about cypherpunks
when he came up with the idea.
Total bullshit again.  Sure, AP requires anonymous digital cash, but so do
most other elements of the cypherpunk vision.  Would you say that crypto
anarchy, information black markets, and commerce among pseudonyms are
"a joke"?  These are just as hypothetical as AP at present.  It's entirely
possible that some form of anonymous cash will be developed in the
next few years, and once that happens AP will be trivial to implement.
It's far from a joke, it is a very real possibility.
AP is part of the dark side of the cypherpunk dream and it must be faced
rather than evaded.  The real problem with AP is not that it would be
illegal, because much of what cypherpunks call for is presently illegal.
Rather, the problem with AP is that it is mob rule at its worst.  There
are no checks and balances.  It is the height of folly to suppose that
AP would be used only against those whom cypherpunks themselves oppose,
like corrupt government agents.  AP could be used against anyone who
has a high profile.
If AP were implemented, there is no question but that Jim Bell would
be one of the first targets!  All those people who found himself on
his list, along with their heirs and successors, would want revenge.
Everyone involved with the assassinations would be anonymous except
Bell himself, making him the most prominent target of their wrath.
Other notable supporters of crypto anarchy would follow soon, such as
cypherpunk founders May and Hughes.  The people involved with the digital
cash would be targets as well, and so on.
Despite these unpleasant facts, once digital cash exists, AP will be
inevitable, along with many other forms of anonymous murder-for-hire.
Cypherpunks have discussed these possibilities from the very beginning.
To pretend that AP is somehow outside of the scope of cypherpunk thinking,
a hoax or joke perpetrated by outsiders as a lure, is just absurd.
With crypto anarchy you have to take the bad with the good.
What, then, is the solution to survival in a world of assassins at large?
It is simple, and it is in fact the same as the solution to the problem
of how to discuss AP in a world in which even mentioning it could get
you arrested, the problem which led to John Young's dissembling above.
Perhaps the alert reader will be able to conceive of the solution for

@_date: 2001-12-11 20:20:25
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
Much worse.  With a secret ballot you need to get a majority to support
any particular position.  That's a significant hurdle to overcome.
But with AP any small group of people that can put up enough money to
hire an assassin can get their way.  The going rate for a murder is
around $5-10K to off an average person, more if he's heavily guarded.
If 100 people put up $100 each then that's enough to get someone killed.
Imagine a secret ballot where any measure to increase government power
would pass if it received as few as 100 votes.  How much freedom would
you have left in such a society?  That's what AP represents.
And keep in mind that the people buying the assassination are fully
anonymous.  There is no way to know who is funding the AP market.  There
is no check or limit on the extent to which anonymous individuals with
private grievances can buy the deaths of anyone who gets in their way.
The only good thing about this situation is that it would encourage
everyone to go anonymous post haste.  We would see a rapid change in
society to allow anonymous business transactions, corporate ownership,
stock transactions.  Insider trading laws would become unenforceable.
Board members would meet only electronically, spending their time
barricaded inside their mansions.
Even elective office would change.  You'll walk into the ballot box to
vote for your government officials from a list of nyms who meet only on
the net.  Police forces, heavily armed and always travelling in teams,
will receive their orders via encrypted, digitally signed messages from
elected officials.  Any government official who must interact with the
public, whether a building inspector, a drivers' license examiner, even
a fireman, would get hazardous duty pay.  Wearing masks might become
routine for such officials.
Taxes (much higher than before due to the greater expenses of operating
the government) could be charged based on imputed property values
depending on zip code and acreage.  Everyone in a particular neighborhood
would be charged a fixed amount per square foot.  Any household which
does not provide the required fee (via cryptographic anonymous transfer
into the government account of course) would have its property subject
to confiscation by police.  Armed resistance would be met by military
force including helicopter gunships.
We can live in a world of crypto anarchy, but it won't be pretty.  And the
government certainly won't wither away.  Anyone who thinks that attacking
the government will weaken it should have learned a lesson from September
11th.  When it feels itself under attack, the government strikes back.
We are all the losers as our freedoms are destroyed.

@_date: 2001-12-12 20:20:24
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Steganography, My Ass: The Dangers of Private and 
What Ashcroft actually said, from the URL above, was:
The simple fact is that Ashcroft spoke the truth.  Such criticisms
do erode national unity and diminish resolve.  In fact, most critics
would fully agree with these goals.  Unity and resolve on a national
level scare civil libertarians.  A unified nation is a rash nation.
Democracies should be thoughtful, their actions carefully considered
and taken only after due deliberation.  Having a thousand voices urging
different courses is far safer than a single voice which all obey.
Some claim that behind the truth of Ashcroft's words is a veiled threat.
Aiding national enemies is indeed one of the definitions of treason.
Yet in the larger sense such a reading is plainly absurd.  No Attorney
General would ever attempt to make the case that criticising government
policy is treasonous and should be forbidden.  Hard as it may be for
the present audience, blinded by their ideology, to see the real world
for what it is, any such attempt would be political suicide.
Given this reality, there is clearly no real threat in Ashcroft's
statement.  Instead the critics are intentionally misreading him in
order to accomplish exactly those goals he mentions: to sow disunity
and weaken resolve.  It is nothing more than a rhetorical trick.
Let us hold to the truth.  Ashcroft is right in his characterization of
his critics' goals, and his critics are right to try to achieve those
goals.  It is misguided to attack Ashcroft by making the false claim
that he views criticism as treason.  Instead, critics should attack his
position that national unity and resolve must be preserved.  This would
be a substantive debate which would enlighten the American public and
raise awareness of important issues.  Unfortunately the critics have
descended into politically motivated mud-slinging and have deprived
Americans of a valuable opportunity.

@_date: 2001-12-14 19:50:24
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
Declan McCullagh has been producing a one-sided series about a child
pornographer's supposedly unjust indictment,
  Of course
everything the pornographer says is taken as gospel, while the police
are filthy liars.  In fact they have gone so far as to plant child porn
onto the computer in order to gain a conviction, in McCullagh's twisted
narrative.  Missing from this tidy story is the cost-benefit analysis from
the part of the evil policeman.  He has supposedly committed a felony
that could lead to decades in prison, just to avoid the difficulty of
handing the computer back with an apology, which happens all the time
in police work.
The real issue for cypherpunks is of course whether there is any connection
between the child pornographer, Larry Benedict, and the local cypherpunk
pedophile who uses the pseudonym Eric Michael Cordian.  Is it possible
that Cordian and Benedict are one and the same?  And that Benedict would
use his cypherpunk connections as Cordian to get McCullagh to produce this
whitewash?  How else did McCullagh get drawn into the seedy world of child
pornography trading rings?
Enquiring minds want to know!

@_date: 2001-12-15 01:30:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: SWOT (formerly "Phil Zimmermann on key exchange") 
Paul Holman writes, to about 10 email lists:
See  at zgp.org.html,
which has links to an article about the Zimmermann speech at
 and some ideas from Brad
Templeton at

@_date: 2001-12-15 02:00:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
I think what Lucky means is that the remailer operators have no way of knowing if the messages passing between remailers are actual messages, dummy traffic, stats pings, etc.
All that a remailer can tell is the number of real messages entering or leaving his server (and even this would require modification to the remailer software). Unless all the remailer operators collected and shared this information, we can't know accurate stats for the remailer network as a whole.
How much are dummy messages that come from one remailer and die at the
last remailer? How much are pings that return to the originating
remailer/stats collector? These aren't helpful if you are a remailer user
wishing to hide in the crowd -- you need lots of other remailer users
generating traffic.

@_date: 2001-12-17 19:10:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Did you even read the message which explained WHY remailers need to
know about each other, and why they need to treat traffic from remailers
different from that from unknown addresses?  Your message shows no sign
of it.
Rather than issuing your blanket statement that remailers don't need to
know about each other, you need to explain how to deal with the issues
which presently require the contrary.

@_date: 2001-12-17 19:30:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
jya>>I don't recall the rationale used by the USPO to forbid CJ from posting to cypherpunks. Anybody know the answer to that?
Since when is it unusual to forbid parolees from associating with
unsavory and immoral characters?

@_date: 2001-12-19 01:30:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Wired on e-gold 
The January, 2002 issue of Wired has an article on e-gold, the online
payment system founded by retired oncologist Douglas Jackson.
Much of the article discusses e-gold's misguided effort to link
up with Islamic fundamentalists who want to overthrow capitalism.
They are setting up a spinoff, e-dinar, for use in the Muslim world.
This brilliant marketing tactic is not going too well even by the
modest standards of what passes for success around the e-gold offices,
especially since 9/11.
Of course the cypherpunk interest in e-gold revolves around its vaunted
privacy protection.  The article provides a much-needed dose of reality to
those who still harbor fantasies that e-gold is interested in protecting
the privacy of its customers.  Those who participated in the fractious
debates between e-gold founders and its customers in the early days
will remember the company's sniff of dismissal at "elite ivovy-tower"
arguments in favor of its privacy.  Alaskan attorney Daniel J. Boone in
particular made a number of principled appeals to e-gold officials to
hold to their early promises of privacy protection, to no avail.
Here is what the article has to say about the use of e-gold by pyramid
schemes (euphemistically caled HYIPs, high-yield investment programs):
Jackson is lying about the unimportance of HYIPs.  Independent e-gold
vendors estimate 30, 50 or as much as 90 percent of e-gold transactions
go into pyramid scams, and the largest single holding in the system
belongs to a shut-down Ponzi.  But more importantly, we can plainly
see the company's anti-privacy policies in action.  Any business has a
basic philosophy, implicit or explicit, and their actions reflect and
reveal that philosophy.  Jackson and e-gold only pay lip service to the
goals of financial privacy.  Their actions reveal their true feelings:
that privacy just gets in the way of business success.
It seems hard to believe that a currency which aims to attract
libertarians and "gold bugs" would put customer privacy at such a
low priority.  And no doubt these policies account in part for the slow
growth rate of the currency compared to successful ventures like PayPal.
Nevertheless this should be a cautionary tale for any payment system
which purports to offer privacy as a selling point.
Criminals love privacy, they love anonymity.  Remailer operators soon find
that a substantial majority of the messages they send contain nothing
but harrassment and threats.  Few customers use anonymity services
for positive purposes, to protect their privacy while engaging in
legitimate activities.  With most people, if they have nothing to hide,
they don't hide it.  Only paranoids and extremists will adopt anonymity
technologies without nefarious purposes in mind.  Anyone proposing to
offer new services for privacy and anonymity should be prepared to deal
with the onslaught of criminals who will use the system for bad ends.

@_date: 2001-12-20 21:10:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
This contradicts your previous point.  If the coins have no monetary
value, that is, they can't be spent for anything useful, then it will
not be possible to meet your objectives of allowing a remailer operator
to make money off his remailer or at least recoup his losses.  You can
give someone all the Monopoly money in the world and it won't encourage
them to go into the business.
And the real sticking point is if these remailer tokens are not based
on cash, how do the remailer users get them?  If they just send in a
request and are given them for free, then there is little point to the
whole exercise.  You could charge hashcash for them as was proposed
earlier, but then you might just as well use hashcash directly in the
remailer chain.
If the tokens are non-free, that will raise the costs of running pingers
and cover traffic.  Of the 5000 messages a large remailer handles per
day, surely the majority will fall into this category.  Making people
pay for remailers will drive down usage levels (by standard economics)
and make the remailers less secure.
Digital cash tokens must be checked in real time with the bank for
validity.  Otherwise you have a double spending problem.  (Hashcash
avoids this by embedding the payee in the token.)  That will increase
the complexity of the remailer, the amount of traffic it must support,
and give more information to eavesdroppers.
Clearly it is mandatory to use fully blinded cash/tokens for this
application.  For some situations blinding is not all that important,
but for remailer chains it is absolutely essential.  Otherwise the bank
would be able to trace messages through the remailer network.  Hence you
will run into the complicated patent situation which will exist at least
through 2005.
The same thing could be achieved by putting a nonce into each message
packet which the remailers would publish.  The user knows the chain of
nonces he used and can determine whether his message made it through
the remailer.  Something like this was suggested by John Gilmore several
years ago.
The bottom line is that while the idea is seductive, ultimately it
doesn't make sense.  Charging for remailers would make them harder to
use (adding the overhead of figuring out how to get tokens and possibly
paying for them), less secure (opening new lines of information for an
attacker), and less anonymous (since fewer people would use the network).
There are other, equally good methods for increasing remailer reliability.
Since people appear to be adequately motivated to run remailers even
without profits, there is no need to move to a system which would add
cash tokens with all of their attendant disadvantages.

@_date: 2001-12-22 03:10:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
It's largely a myth that the set of users of remailers is anonymous.
Remailer operators collectively know them all; individual operators know
a substantial percentage of them if people vary the remailers they use;
anyone surveilling the remailer network knows them all.  Hiding one's
membership in the set of remailer users cannot be a high priority.
And there's no need for remailer users to be anonymous, either.  Anyone
should be proud to be counted as a member of that group.  It's no more
incriminating than being a subscriber to the cypherpunks mailing list
or any of dozens of similar lists.  No doubt thousands of people would
put their names on the list even if they have no intention of ever
using remailers.
Part of the problem has been focus on adding features to mixmaster
rather than improving security and reliability.  Transparent remixing
(where the remailer chooses part of the path for you), support for
the old insecure cypherpunk mode, automated flood detection, all add
administrative complexity for questionable benefit.  With a good high
speed connection, floods and such are much less of an issue.  Things like
remixing should be done by the clients; it was a mistake to put this
into the remailer software.
Absolutely.  For all those people saying, what can I do to support
remailers, here's an easy answer: use them.  Get a client, figure out how
it works, and send an anonymous message or two.  It doesn't hurt.  Much.
You may even find it liberating.  Challenge the orthodoxy and start
thinking for yourself.
You skipped step 0, which is to inform people of what it is like to run
a remailer.  It doesn't do anyone any good for remailers to pop up and
immediately shut down when the complaints come in.  Here's a good litmus
test: if you wouldn't be able to spam at reasonably high volumes from
your address without getting shut down, you probably shouldn't be
trying to run a remailer (unless in middleman mode).
A good idea.  See the recent proposal for a P2P style always-connected
remailer network which will bypass sendmail and all the other RFC2822
cruft.  Plugable transports would be a great way to accomplish this.
Eric Hughes had a cool idea a while back: encourage CP technologies
by allowing them to bypass built-in mailing list latency.  Create a
CP node which forwards PGP-signed and remailed messages with higher
priority than others.  Signing up for this node is a way of showing
support for freedom enhancing technology.
Maybe Tim May could donate his Y2K beans and rice as a prize, since he's
never been willing to use his millions to subsidize bonuses of this type.
Keep in mind that our perception of remailers is at odds with that of
the world at large.  Fellow travellers like the EFF can't afford to be
that closely tied to a technology which most people view as an obnoxious
nuisance at best and a terrorist tool at worst.
Absolutely.  Simplicity and reliability have been overlooked as goals
for the remailer network.  You shouldn't start adding new features until
the old ones (like successfully remailing messages without dropping
them) work.
Nevertheless there is a political over-reaction to commercial spam, and it
can be a major source of complaints about the remailer.  Per-link hashcash
would be a better deterrant than black lists, which ultimately depend
on entry remailers to do a favor for exit remailers.
Split out the client, including web-based clients, from the server.
They have different needs.  If you want to promote good, reliable
servers there is no need to also make them be web clients.
The Freedom network had the right idea here: pipenet access to an ordinary
POP mailbox.  If remailers are joined in an always-connected P2P network
it could be used as a specialized pipenet for just this purpose.  No ZKS
anti-abuse nym protocols necessary since exit points would be restricted
to the special POP mailboxes.
other work first, before they could really benefit from the effort >
required to create an ecash system from scratch, deploy it, scale it,
system isn't worthwhile for its own sake, though :)
Non-monetary ecash does have one advantage over hashcash for proof of
work postage: it is transferable.  With hashcash, once it's spent,
it's gone and can't be reused.  With ecash (purchased by hashcash)
the payee gets to keep it and can spend it himself in the future.
In other words, remailer operators would build up riches in ecash.  Now,
all it's good for is sending anonymous messages, so they're not going
to retire on it.  But still this can fund pingers run (or paid for)
by the remops themselves.
And there could eventually be a secondary market in remailer ecash.
Remailer users would seek it as an alternative to hashcash if it were
easier to get.  They might be willing to perform services in exchange
for remailer ecash payment.  This could produce some backing for the
currency and it might come to be traded even among people who had no
desire to use remailers.  (Services might be, e.g. ripping a requested
copy protected CD via an analog connection, or digitizing a TV show
unavailable to the requestor.)

@_date: 2001-12-24 03:00:26
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Coderpunks down? 
has no messages from coderpunks at toad.com since
December 7.  Ryan Lackey posted a message to cypherpunks and coderpunks
on Friday December 22 but it has not appeared on coderpunks.  Is that
list down?  Who is the administrator?

@_date: 2001-12-24 09:00:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: PayPal for buying ecash 
PayPal is a possible funding source for ecash/estamps/remailer-tokens
or whatever.  With a PayPal account you can receive funds and pay people,
two elementary steps for a cash-based system.  It is easy to set up web
software to receive payment via PayPal, and many people are already
in the system (it is the most widely used payment system for eBay).
Payments either go through the credit card clearing houses or via PayPal
itself, but merchants don't have to be aware of the difference, except
for the danger of reversed transactions.
There are plenty of horror stories on the web about PayPal, from such
sites as  and   Probably some
fraction of these are from pissed off scammers who got caught.
There appears to be a specific problem in the PayPal terms of service:
13.  No Cash Advances. You agree not to engage in behavior that could
     reasonably be construed as providing yourself a cash advance from
     your credit card, and agree not to assist Users who engage in
     behavior that could reasonably be construed as providing themselves
     a cash advance from their credit cards. Such behavior includes, but
     is not limited to, a User paying someone with a credit card-funded
     payment through the Service, then receiving the funds back from the
     original Recipient and attempting to withdraw the funds from their
     account. PayPal reserves the right to reverse all such transactions
     and to terminate any accounts that are associated with such behavior.
This kind of transaction could easily happen with an ecash-selling
service, if the ecash can be redeemed via PayPal.  Someone buys some ecash
with a credit card, cashes in the ecash for funds in his PayPal account,
and then withdraws the funds.  This would be an express violation of
the PayPal terms of service.
Besides this problem, there is the danger of reversed transactions.
Someone who buys ecash with a credit card can cancel the transaction for
any of several reasons, such as claiming that it was done via a stolen
credit card.  In that case PayPal makes the merchant (the ecash bank)
take the loss.
A competing service from Citibank is   It is relatively
new and does not have all of the conditions and limitations that
PayPal does.  The terms of service appear to be relatively generous.
Citibank is a big company so one might hope that they have gone over
the bases.  Still it is possible that if C2It catches on that Citibank
will eventually be forced to put in the same kinds of limitations that
PayPal has.
C2It also seems to be more oriented towards email and may not have
the shopping cart software that PayPal provides.  That could make it
harder to interface to C2It from a script.  Buying ecash will require at
least one data exchange for supplying blinded data and receiving coins,
independent of how the ecash is paid for.  If that data exchange is
separate from the email-based C2It payment transaction then there has
to be some key to link them together.  That will complicate the process
and introduce new possibilities for error.

@_date: 2001-12-24 09:40:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Simplest possible ecash mint 
How simple can an ecash mint be?
For the simplest case there should be no accounts.  All the mint does is
exchange coins for other coins.  There are no customer lists, no records
of transactions (except as needed for double-spending detection).
The very simplest mint is a pure ecoin changer.  You give it a coin and
it gives you a new one in return.  It checks that the coin you gave it is
valid and has not been spent before.  You also supplied blinding factors
so that the new coin you get is blinded and will not be recognized by
the mint when spent later.
By itself, this trivial mint can support a transaction system, and in
principle a whole economy.  For Alice to pay Bob, she gives him coins.
Bob exchanges them at the mint for new coins, thereby checking that they
are good.  End of transaction.  Bob can spend his new coins elsewhere,
unlinkable to the exchange.
The mint does not even have to be involved in transfers between ecash
and other forms of payment.  This is one of the things the e-gold people
got right.  They outsourced in- and out-transactions.  You go to any of
dozens of coin dealers, currency services, shady operators of all stripes,
to get money into or out of your e-gold account.  The same thing would
work here.  Third parties would offer to buy or sell ecash for dollars,
grams of gold, hi grade cocaine, etc.
As described, this mint has a constant money supply.  There is neither
creation nor destruction of coins.  In practice there would be slow
destruction due to occasional losses of data.  This could lead to very
slow deflation, or the mint could be adjusted to slightly inflate the
currency in order to compensate for this effect.

@_date: 2001-12-24 19:20:51
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: simplest possible ecash mint 
A message is simply a packet of data.  Using a message-based protocol
says nothing about the underlying transport, sockets or carrier pigeons.
If you did this as a computational box with a communications front end
then a simple socket-based RPC protocol would probably be best between
the mint box and the comm box.
Sure.  You give a collection of coins worth $X, along with the blinding
factors appropriate to a different set of coins worth the same amount.
This fits well into the simple exchange mint concept.
Right, and you better make sure it's not going to grow too big.  It
may be necessary to expire coins at fixed time intervals (every two
years or so).
Does this have per-user accounts in it?  If not, how does the float
amount ever change?  Do some people donate ecash to the bank's treasury
voluntarily, reducing the float?  No one would do that.  Are some people
entitled to receive ecash from the treasury?  Who and why?  Is this the
transfer-in mechanism, or simply a way for the banker to use the treasury
account as his personal slush fund?
What you really have are three kinds of transactions: those within the
system (pure ecash transfers), those out of the system (cashing in ecash
for dollars), and those into the system (purchasing ecash with dollars).
Maybe you could explain how you see these kinds of transactions working
in terms of your float and treasury account counters.
What is this linkage for?
Yes, and whatever public keys are appropriate for the protocol.
Don't forget the light that tells you its on.  Really, this level of
detail is redundant.

@_date: 2001-12-24 22:20:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: simplest possible ecash mint 
You're using some of these terms without defining them clearly:
mint, issuer, and change maker.  Earlier you said the change maker was
responsible for changing between ecash and something of value, presumably
including other currencies.  Presumably the mint is the cryptographic
engine which issues ecash coins.  The issuer is apparently someone
who is allowed to force the mint to issue coins at will, although the
mint is supposed to log and report on such interventions.  (Anyone can
destroy coins, so an issuer is not needed for that functionality.)
Can you explain how these three roles would work in a transaction where
Alice gets some ecash for dollars, pays Bob in ecash, who turns the
ecash back into dollars?
Here is how it seems like it should work.  The change maker Carol has a
bunch of ecash she stands ready to sell.  Alice gives her $X in dollars,
along with blinded data to become Alice's ecash.  The change maker does an
exchange operation at the mint, giving the mint $X in the change maker's
own coins, along with the blinding factors from Alice.  The mint gives
back new blinded coins which Carol passes to Alice, who unblinds them
to get her ecash.
Alice passes the ecash to Bob.  He does an exchange operation at the
mint to get new coins and to verify that Alice's cash is good.  He
then delivers whatever goods or service Alice has paid for.
Bob later wants dollars, so he goes to change maker Carol and delivers
to her ecash.  She does an exchange at the mint to verify that Bob's
coins are good, and then sends Bob dollars in return for his ecoins.
This sequence conflicts somewhat with your model.  Bob had to interact
directly with the mint, and you said that normal users would not.
But only the mint can verify the validity of coins so it seems to be
The issuer was not involved in this transaction.  Apparently he is
only there to inflate the currency.  You should consider eliminating
the issuer, who can easily cause trouble.  At startup time let the
mint generate its keys and emit a single high-value coin.  That will
be the money supply for all time.  Allow a banking system to grow
around this "high-powered" currency and fractional reserve bank loans
will automatically adjust the money supply as needed.  See Selgin,

@_date: 2001-12-25 21:20:18
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: http://www.cnn.com/2001/US/12/23/plane.investigation/index.html 
Those of us travelling over the holidays can be thankful that the
bomber did not hide the explosives up his ass.

@_date: 2001-12-25 23:10:32
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Time to unsubscribe... 
Since you seem to be ignorant msoft user, use made-for-idiots yahoo
throwaway and set this in the "block addresses" (under options):
declan at well.com
jchoate at dev.tivoli.com
jchoate at tivoli.com
jchoate at us.tivoli.com"
jim_choate/tivoli_systems at us.ibm.com
mattd at useoz.com
ravage at einstein.ssz.com
ravage at ssz.com
sandfort at mindspring.com
tcmay at got.net

@_date: 2001-12-28 11:50:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Explosive smuggling 
Yeah but then you have to explain that you have an implant or
somesuch when you trigger the magnetometer.  This 'dual activator system' ---the equivalent of a mechanical pin you must pull or push to arm the primary trigger--- is the solution to the mechanical
trigger problem.
If all you want to do is drop it, a perfume bottle with some
volitile nerve agent will work ---do pilots have separate air? Amusingly, a plane flew over rural NorCal, pilotless, after it escaped
while being worked on.  Presumably it crashed somewhere in the hills.
No talk of F15s because the un-pilot called the FAA.
And, a small plane (piloted by arabic-surnamed but nonhostile people, because
Allah has a twisted sense of humor) crashed a mile from San Onofre ---communities around which may be offered KI, its also reported.
Curiouser and curiouser.
Imagine if Jim "butyric acid" Bell had been a mujahadeen...
dimethyl mercury, anyone?

@_date: 2001-03-01 03:40:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: You have no idea 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1149 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-01-04 21:30:18
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Spooky Post Office 
I've recently moved, many, many miles from my old home, but within the same state.  I did not however inform the post office of my new address, hoping to ditch the 2-3 lbs a week of junk mail and crap.
I did inform most of the important services/places of the address change (credit card co's, bills, etc.)
One magazine, I did forget to inform.  The mag in question is the NRA's America's First Freedom, which spooks me even more...
Among several other mails bearing my NEW address, last night, this magazine arrived at my NEW address, however it bore the OLD address.  So somehow the post office was able to redirect the mail to my new address without the label on this magazine stating the new address!  Again, if you move and inform the post office, your old-addressed mail arrives at your door with a yellow sticker with the new address.  THIS WAS NOT the case here!!!
I must say, I'm quite spooked by this!
I have also seen this happen before with snail-mail spam where the address was mangled (wrong street, or wrong number, but same zip code) so I figured that the post office figured it out and got it to me since it was the same particular branch (same zip).  But this is in a totally different zip code, about 50 miles away from my old residence.
How the fuck did they do this?  It's certainly means that addresses are snarfed and kept in a database, but further more, how is the post office delivery guy able to figure out which house to send it to without the explicit address on it?
It's enough to make one very paranoid.
[This was not an old issue of the 1st Freedom.  It was the January 2001 issue and I hadn't received it, so it's not a question of it falling off the moving truck and having some kind soul put it in my mail box.  It was recently mailed just after I moved!]
I've had another (possibly unrelated) strange incident occur at this location.  Shortly after moving in, I drove out to meet a friend for dinner.  As I left the house, I noticed a rental van pull in and make a u-turn so he was parked exactly outside my house.  Around this area, there are ample garages and driveways, so it's very unlikely to see anyone parked on the street.
As soon as I pulled out of the drive way, the van followed for a while.  Noticing this, I pulled off to the right, as if I was going to visit another house.  The van was behind me and hesitated for about 10 seconds behind me, then drove off.  He pulled over about a block infront of me.  As I took off and passed him, I saw in my rear view mirror that he was shining a flashlight out of the right side - aiming it at the house which he now pulled infront of.  As I passed him again, he followed again for a bit, and then made a turn.
This guy was being way too obvious, so it's not a Fed or a spook (unless they want to be obvious.)
I took this as a possible theif and beefed up house security... but this along with the mail incident is just bizzarre...
Any ideas?  (No, I'm not smoking crack or wearing tin foil hats.)

@_date: 2001-01-06 02:40:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Timelyness 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 244 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-01-06 03:40:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Powdered Sugar 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 341 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-01-15 04:50:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Mac OS X patch for PGP 6.5.8 
begin 600 pgp658-osxclient-patch.tar.gz
M:!]$K_BIU]KU[VH']7JCW6HWFFV at 5YMJ\SM2^^>R%'[6KJ?)R![+$R=O*.>1E::I\_)U';(:K92VI56Y1"H3JE.EQ/JD(9:
M)G406R4/3Z_I7VO3H4MJ>6X'[N&C at ZA<+
M:E1\W"8Y0 at ID1CU\X
MH959A7!*_*">/-Q-_T[/5G7M.M6%K6N+*D3F$15!,R2K,:4A4L=T'?6&"$!3&,3T at 6(TR$5+-
M3L4FR; at E:K>$&YY'$`T"&;-OJR,.Y=O^^/6>%/
MD^]AY&=.TRE at R%HPN[5C8KZQX*M4*N:55$+D9B\6A5H9_A6/\Z4LJL\P3'76
M4`\C at L"/.2WXM5:,-S[([FANWP/;G[6%"4[
M:[1 at I)_2W>WF$>WDU$[CJ%,_BG1R[1;KY-
M5 at O-`UU>YEGEX2/=MJ;FK)-C\9B4RV=Q/)RFS)>B))'G6+\QAAU(]"UT.+\1
M*P73,1\0(:XOK at W
MTVN&P6<` at QE
M;;)X));M$8M"U7HVGV.$?'ISG+'D&>)SZK9I>=\X,R1G;1G at 0_%*SBO7O0L8UP/BQ0L.F)EWE$S76!3-FV/NY[;K6=J2$A=\48IS
MJ$N-EV^"4^:LP_ at W6Q^8YY4/EZ/Q1>^\S[W^M3ZI!G
MALI?L at 8C3N
MF$6G at X[8P!.^^3 at 9ITAPYNZ\=S*X&%^./L`C`VR618'%9
M6[:(2EYQ+/JN_ at A:K;6P(&JM[4]KY7*YZ72Q=N<%US.8_\Y9?6&7+_D2Y*TD
MOD;!2 at YL`'R17)(A6W*=^$9&^XP&P7P5TXKGV(7+J&
M[2)`3FH0E'%TH^1"THL"4AS=0QD)QG at EI'C8J34BZ[2';)WV<+-.F^96G at V&
MX_XU?/>[+WY_\;)P?7,Q'ISW^^,3[AM"E,?1SQ?+(*,H^N_L$6Z[.4[W]OE^JWR]X_ at POO0
M:0Z;I0J"J6TRBVYGJXR`Q)NE."BN!^*XJ";L0,GJ at G at X
MEZ1.N%1S] at V1U03AY7Q6$Z4--
M2(-(3WO%F"3U8&F at YMFJD
MF`PRJF<[<;*Z)I,)7]]D(*'YR$!)&Y$DGYVRRS0H at J88'
M!XF(.1 at 385 at CC8J8D
MLT`JFG at X8R6Y/)J">,I,5=;B:"DM+MYN
M!$%;:B&(2VA%%NH)2B&8 at 5`G!`$QE=C&/$4C(EQ2%"(E=DL?[K3%&BJ1:X1_
M"HC^(B8%\X2?Q$2Y)!2'^0KM5ED]Q$V"ZIN?I[F*N9*6BB at J*I-,C/0OU`03
M at 3>B')&YY>
MFNY!4XRG[T?=:Z8'S83'':> at GMT`%_N(NGSNG.X\JSL?JQX;&X_QE84]P"
M9E87!T=XS&.I?= at S%9E\OHO/
M:.-\.:C,=AK/Z=Z at J1$
M&\%\ at 1-."85\A=Q4F$T"
M at H&AO!T&P7$ZK*Z_,[/
M4NE5E;2GXS+57FSN2Z*[$=:+XN0T.)JM at RCGPP"ET^ZFZ2GP6LO,>4?7F:9"]QRZ=V&
M"5C0[X6G4%F,>JLX7Z at KT!M\
M;/"*C^>/UG&5 at 5V"+V%6.IJ%>T3H>M8G('$PVUUMKNBT'U*;/2X
MK[E6KCVMA+H&^H8I!G/"G at ZAF_RHAY5-NTYY"I>3&-ENCJEKP-IQ-VYN0MC/
M at UG:
MQ$.?]]I+C^SHK:[,%H^V- at 3-?&&6B".QG845HD
M3>$P\"AEZ at W%5WC3C\

@_date: 2001-01-31 21:20:25
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: NetScan Tools Pro 2000 
Does anyone know where to find "NetScan Tools Pro 2000"?

@_date: 2001-01-31 21:40:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: NetScan Tools Pro 2000 
Does anyone know where to find "NetScan Tools Pro 2000"?

@_date: 2001-07-02 20:30:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Iran and Iraq has a common enemy: Jews 
\|||/
                    (o o)
 Please            |
   don't feed the  |
     TROLL's !     |
           '~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Ooo~~'
 ||
                   ooO Ooo

@_date: 2001-07-20 04:50:29
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: violent antitax protest/riot in US 
Declan hypothesized:
Something was attempted like that in DC --   The Bonus Marchers in 1932.
And although there weren't as many federal agencies back then, the armed
troops did show, including Patton, Eisenhower, MacArthur, cavalry, and some
tanks.

@_date: 2001-08-01 00:10:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Book Review: The Trial of Henry Kissinger 
"The Trial of Henry Kissinger" by Christopher Hitchens
ISBN 1-85984-631-9
It is commonly stated on this list that the term "terrorism" is
selectively used.  The enemies of the United States Government are
"terrorists" and its friends "freedom fighters."  Nobody who reads
this book can doubt this belief, except to observe that many (even
most?) labelled "terrorist" are not terrorists at all.  They are
nothing more than dissidents.
Hitchens persuasively argues that Henry Kissinger is documentably
guilty of a variety of prosecutable crimes.  Both war crimes and
crimes which are fully covered by existing U.S. law are listed.  The
book has a fair amount of information about the Nixon and Ford
administrations which will probably be new to most readers.
Kissinger wielded more power than many may realize, as he chaired
something called the "40 Committee" from 1969 to 1976.  The "40
Committee", whose name has changed repeatedly over the years, oversaw
all U.S. foreign, and possibly domestic, covert actions.
Kissinger also benefitted from the mental instability of Richard
Nixon.  At least three times Kissinger and others ordered the Joint
Chiefs of Staff to disregard Nixon's orders for varying periods of
time as it was feared that Nixon might start a nuclear war.  These
were commendable acts, but illustrate how much influence Kissinger had
- with great power comes great responsibility.
The most horrific crime discussed is the secret (and illegal) bombings
of Cambodia and Laos.  While I had been familiar with this as a legal
and Constitutional issue, I was unaware of the full extent of civilian
casualties.  The bombings were apparently motivated by information
that North Vietnam was supplying southern rebels through Cambodia and
The bombings were carried out by B-52s flying at high altitude, which
meant they could drop a large quantity of explosive, but not with any
accuracy.  The loss of accuracy appeared not to matter, as there were
no real targets identified.  Perhaps one million (!!!) civilians died
in these indiscriminate bombings.  Many of the victims were small
children who are said to be less resistent to the shockwave of high
Less complicated, and likely most prosecutable, is Kissinger's
instigation of the murder of Gen. Rene Schneider, Chief of the Chilean
General Staff.
In 1970, Salvador Allende was legally elected President of Chile with
a minority of the popular vote.  (Much as William Clinton was elected
to the U.S. Presidency in 1992.)
Chile was of limited importance, but Nixon had close ties to people
who worked for corporations which feared theft of their assets.  Nixon
made Allende's removal a top priority.
Chile was a democratic country with 150 years of elected government
behind it.  Gen. Schneider supported Constitutional government and was
the main obstacle to a military coup.  A few days before Allende took
office, Schneider was murdered by anti-democratic military officers
supported by the CIA and directed by Kissinger.
Hitchens: "Here one must pause for a recapitulation.  An unelected
official in the United States is meeting with others, without the
knowledge or authorization of Congress, to plan the kidnapping of a
constitution-minded senior officer in a democratic country with which
the United States is not at war, and with which it maintains cordial
diplomatic relations.  The minutes of the meetings may have an
official look to them (though they were hidden from the light of day
for long enough) but what we are reviewing is a 'hit' - a piece of
state-supported terrorism."
While it is hardly defensible to murder any political dissident, what
is especially disturbing about the Schneider case is that he was
nominally on the same team as Kissinger and his cronies and does not
appear to have been a dissident in any way other than his respect for
the rule of law.
The case of Elias P. Demetracopoulos further illustrates Kissinger's
fundamentally criminal nature.  Mr. Demetracopoulos is a Greek
journalist who was opposed to the military regime which controlled his
country from 1967 to 1974.  During this time he lived in the United
States and lobbied Congress to support democracy in Greece.
After the Greek dictatorship fell, documents became available which
showed there had been repeated extensive plans, in collusion with the
USG, to kidnap the journalist from the United States and return him to
Greece.  There is reason to believe that their plan was to torture and
then kill him.  It is also known that an index of various NSC
documents refers to a document from 1970 with keywords "RE MR
DEMETRACOPOULOS DEATH IN ATHENS PRISON".  (The document itself remains
Not only was this kidnapping to occur inside the United States, indeed
probably in Washington, D.C., but Demetracopoulos was very well
connected in the Republican and Democratic parties.  For example, one
of his close friends introduced Nixon and Agnew.  He is personally
known to Kissinger.
Other chapters, well worth reading, cover criminal activities with
respect to East Timor, Bangladesh, and Cyprus.
At the end of the book Hutchins evaluates the prospects for a trial
and suggests that Kissinger may be facing a variety of indictments in
several countries.  Even in the event that he is not tried in the
United States, this would at least have the effect of limiting his
travel and tarnish his "elder statesman" image.  Hitchens argues that
the U.S. might as well prosecute now so as not to be shamed in the
eyes of the world.
Indeed, every day this criminal is allowed to walk free is an
indictment of the ability - and willingness - of the U.S. legal system
to exercise justice.
And, any time anybody wants to know why strong crypto is a good idea
for a free society the answer is simple: It makes it harder for
murderers like Henry Kissinger and his friends to eliminate their
political opponents.

@_date: 2001-06-09 20:31:25
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: No subject 
Get a male skunk and a female skunk and breed them.
Have a 'stinking' good time!

@_date: 2001-03-05 16:50:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, ... 
X-Invalid: > CYPHERPUNKS IQ TEST
X-Invalid: >
X-Invalid: > QUESTION X-Invalid: >
X-Invalid: > You are walking through the woods alone. A beautiful unclothed	 woman
X-Invalid: > magically appears in front of you. She holds out an apple.
X-Invalid: >
X-Invalid: >
X-Invalid: > (a) you bite the apple.
X-Invalid: > (b) you take the woman.
X-Invalid: > (c) you run away.
X-Invalid: > (d) a and b, but not c.
X-Invalid: > (e) b and c only.
X-Invalid: > (f) all of the above.
X-Invalid: > (g) none of the above.
X-Invalid: > (h) as above, so below.
X-Invalid: >
X-Invalid: >
My computer has interfaces for a keyboard, mouse, joystick, and
a few other things but not for a number 2 pencil so you'll have
to wait for someone to develop one.
I'm sorry but I can't help you...

@_date: 2001-11-06 01:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: First Polygraphs and Then Torture? 
However, this means that IF you have due process, then a person CAN be
compelled to be a witness against himself, and be deprived of life,
liberty and property.  Hence using truth drugs or torture would be
perfectly constitutional if due process is used, according to the Fifth
Amendment.  As a supporter of the Constitution you are now obligated to
defend to the death those who would torture prisoners, as long as they
first get a judge's approval.

@_date: 2001-11-07 18:40:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: URL for Timothy May death story 
APTOS - One of the country's most influential anarchist internet
activists was killed early Tuesday in a hail of gunfire when law officers
tried to arrest him on a warrant accusing him of aggravated assault.
Timothy C. May, 50, whose apocalyptic, anti-government internet postings
were a major influence on Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh, was
shot to death after May shot and critically wounded a Santa Cruz County
sheriff's deputy who had tried to arrest him, officers said.
Sandy Sandfort, a Bay Area lawyer and friend of May, said he didn't
think the police operation was unjustified.
"I think Tim just went nuts. He was looking for martyrdom anyway and
swore he would never surrender," Sandfort said. "They had him dead to
rights on the aggravated assault."
"He had vowed that he would not be taken alive," said Tom McCombs,
a spokesman for the U.S. Marshal's Service in Santa Cruz.
A spokesman for a group that tracks anarchists said the shooting wasn't
surprising given May's history. In addition to his postings, he was
known within the anarchist movement for an influential document called
the Cyphernomicon, in which he wrote about overthrowing governments.
"For more than 3 1/2 years, he had been holed up in his house in
Corralitos, threatening to kill police officers and federal agents,"
said Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center. "He was talked about
as a guy who talked crazy and made a lot of threats. The reality is that
people like him are frequently exceedingly dangerous."

@_date: 2001-11-07 21:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
Tim May:
And yet we expect airport screeners to ignore past acts of terrorism
by a wild-eyed fanatic boarding a plan, and observe strict neutrality,
spending not one second more on him than on the guy taking the wife
and kids to see grandma.  The airport guards are supposed to forget the
past and rely only on what limited information they can gather in the
few seconds they have for inspection.
Anybody notice the inconsistency here?  Why support data repositories
to keep people's past transgressions alive, while calling for willful
ignorance on the part of those charged with protecting the lives of the
flying public?
Information is good.  More is better.  Airport security should know
everything possible about those boarding the planes.  Blacknet will
gladly make the data available, for a fee.  Neither Tim May nor anyone
else can stop the flow of information.

@_date: 2001-11-08 05:20:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: More silly stuff ( was RE: Enemy at the Door ) 
keyser-soze at hushmail.com wrote :
mmotyka says:
A deadly weapon triggered by unreliable SW using a nonexistant database
would just give away the fact that you're on to the enemy and cause you
undue legal grief. If your own surveillance remains a secret you're in a
stronger position. Besides, should you care to tip your hand you might
start with something simpler like indelible purple dye. IIRC human skin
has a replacement period of ~3 weeks. Chances are your intruders would
be from some local or regional installation. Purple people shouldn't be
too tough to spot as they make their way to the office and home again (
unless you live in California ). Your more aggressive tactics could then
be employed at a time and place of your choosing.
 Much funnier would be a spray of DMSO mixed with DMT. And reapplyed evertime they tried to get up. That way, if you made a mistake, and it got
you -- oh well. But for a tensed up, uptight LEO -- he'd probably never recover. And still be there babbling for you to have a little fun
with when you got home.

@_date: 2001-11-08 06:30:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
Read this from Tim May, November 3:
   It really is no business of government to know the identities of those    whose bags/etc.  they are checking. Having government able to single out    some travellers for special processing is a recipe for this kind of    mischief.
   BTW, the _wrong_ tack to take would be some argument about a "right to    travel," some over-ruling of Southwest's or United's right to pick its    customers as it wishes. The preferred approach should be to have no ID    at the _security_ checkpoint and to not have any laws requiring ID tied    to tickets.
He suggests having no ID or other history information available to
help screeners make their decision, nothing but whatever clues can be
gleaned in the brief moments available.  Anybody want to fly *those*
friendly skies?

@_date: 2001-11-08 15:40:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Chemical defense 
Anonymous asked:
    Except make it all that more likely that Salvinorum would be scheduled.
A much better choice anyway for defensive (or offensive, for that matter)
would be nicotine. Easy to get, one drop of pure nicotine on someones skin
would be deadly. A dilute dose would knock them out -- the dog catchers
used nicotine in dart guns to knock out dogs. Problem was, a bit
too much and the dog died, not enough and it just got woozy.    So with a squirt gun full of DMSO and nicotine, you just squirt the
perp again, if the first wasn't enough. The medical examiner would probably decide it was a heart attack.

@_date: 2001-11-08 15:50:22
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: your mail 
measl said:
I assume you mean Salvia Divinorum?
I've actually given this one some prior thought, and what worried me was
that the delivery system (some type of water gun) would not likely be
reliable enough to not get the crap all over the user as well as the
And to tell you the truth, in the concentrations you would want to use as
a weapon, you better be goddamn *certain* you don't get any of it on you
while you're busy spraying the bad guys...
   Yes, that's the problem isn't it. A common squirt gun wouldn't work, especially since DMSO is the universal solvent. A high-tec squirt gun
could be built, pressurized by CO2 perhaps. Or paintball guns could be
adapted with thin glass balls.

@_date: 2001-11-09 01:10:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
There are so many misconceptions floating around here it's hard to know
where to begin.  But let's start with two points of agreement.
First, airport screening is far from perfect.  There is no way to detect
all possible threats coming on the airplane.  And given the technology
and time available, it will always be possible to smuggle aboard knives,
explosives and other dangerous devices more than sufficient to risk the
lives of everyone on that airplane.
Second, no ID based system is perfect, either.  People can falsify their
ID with varying degrees of expense and difficulty.  Moving to biometrics
can help but these can be spoofed as well.
But to conclude from these points that we should just let everyone
walk onto a plane with no more than the cursory inspection that has
been used in the past is pure bullshit.  Absence of perfection is no
argument against a system.  Someone once said that "all cryptography
is economics."  Well, all security is economics as well.  Any argument
which is based on the fact that loopholes and failures will exist is
irrelevant.  The point of security is to raise the cost of breaching it.
That's all.  Understanding and accepting this would raise the level of
the dialog considerably.
Given this fact, it makes no sense to intentionally blind screeners
to relevant data when performing their security analysis.  Those guards
should have every scrap of information possible available to them.  People
who have a history of violence, who make threats, who are associates
with known terrorists, all represent correspondingly greater risks.
An efficient screening system will use this information to determine
how carefully each passenger is examined.
Resources are finite, and it is highly inefficient to apply exactly the
same procedure to each individual.  You'll have far more security for the
same cost by allocating greater security resources to those individuals
who pose the greatest risk based on the data available.  They are the ones
who need their bags hand-searched.  They need the metal detector wand run
over their entire bodies.  They can empty their pockets and have their
shoes removed and inspected.  It is not practical to apply this level of
scrutiny to every passenger.  But by making use of public information,
high risk individuals can be subjected to high levels of inspection.
This is where the irony was pointed out, of cypherpunks calling for limits
on the use of information!  A group which prides itself on developing
technologies that can keep damaging information alive is suddenly afraid,
now that they may be the ones to suffer from their own past words.
Tim May himself has called for the nuclear destruction of Washington, DC.
He has expressed support for the actions of Tim McMay, sorry, McVeigh.
He threatens death to judges, police officers, even reporters who
misquote him.  He has said that the local police have put him on their
watch list as a potentially dangerous individual.  Clearly, he would be
a prime target for any selective screening effort.  And this is entirely
appropriate.  Certainly many of us here would feel more comfortable
riding on a plane with an unstable, violent individual if he had been
searched thoroughly, preferably including body cavities.
Some have claimed to object only because the government is involved in
the search.  That's a red herring in this case.  Yes, the government is
setting security policies, but they are only responding to public demand.
Any fully private security system would see the same kinds of checks in
order to get the flying public back into the air.  No one wants to fly
with someone who has a history of calling for the violent overthrow of
the U.S. government at a time when planes are being turned into guided
Then there is the absurd fantasy that if unregulated, some airlines
would differentiate themselves by offering minimal screening in order
to corner the lucrative market composed of all the Tim McVeighs of
the world.  Only a blind man would think that businesses work this way.
In every industry there are a limited number of profitable market niches
and companies fight for those.  Fringe markets, like people who want
to fly with unscreened terrorists, are not served.  (Look at all the
successful companies selling products to cypherpunks.)  There would be
no airlines seeking such a market.  At a time when passenger levels have
dropped precipitously the airlines will do everything they can to assure
their passengers that they are safe.  That means screening of exactly
the type we are discussing.
A few other irrelevant points have been made.  Given that ID is not
perfectly reliable, do we need to tattoo numbers on people's forearms?
This is the fallacy of perfection.  ID can be combined with a simple
thumbprint for biometric identification (already widely used for cashing
checks) and you will raise the cost of forgery considerably.  Many of
the hijackers would have been caught simply by cross-referencing their
IDs against existing databases.  That's what El Al does and they have an
excellent safety record in the most terrorist-infested part of the world.
What about Chaum credentials?  Well, how would they help?  Are you
going to show a not-a-terrorist credential?  No one is in a position
to issue such a thing.  And even if you had one, how would you prove
it isn't stolen?  If ID can be forged then so can any other sort of
credential.  The Chaum technology is nothing but a pipe dream anyway.
It's never been used and never will be, because there is no incentive
(see above re unserved markets).
Then there is this whole "credential vs capability" debate.  This is
nothing but an ivory tower abstraction with very little relevance to
the practical problems involved in screening real people before they
get on an airplane.  Here's an arab guy who looks shifty and nervous.
They do a biometric face scan and run it through the customs database
against known terrorists.  Is that a credential?  A capability?  Neither,
it's just good security sense and the use of all information resources
When confronted with an unpleasant reality, cypherpunks retreat into
their imaginary world of abstractions.  That doesn't help when planes
are falling from the skies.  Try to stick with reality for a few minutes
at least.  Information which is available will be used.  Screeners are
free to use any and all information that is relevant in assessing risk.
If cypherpunks would remove their blinders they would see that this is
entirely in keeping with the ideas of Blacknet and information wanting
to be free.  What, is Blacknet going to refuse to sell to Argenbright?
This is how far cypherpunks have come from their free market roots,
that somehow they think that information can be kept under wraps just
because it doesn't fit their ideology.  It's amazing to see a supposedly
pro-information group suddenly claiming that their own pasts should be
off limits when faced with a life or death situation.  Cypherpunks need
to take a harder look at themselves and resolve this contradiction.

@_date: 2001-11-09 09:50:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: America the Damned 
U.S. Code Title 18, Chapter 115:
    Sec. 2384. Seditious conspiracy
      If two or more persons in any State or Territory, or in any place
    subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, conspire to
    overthrow, put down, or to destroy by force the Government of the
    United States, or to levy war against them, or to oppose by force
    the authority thereof, or by force to prevent, hinder, or delay the
    execution of any law of the United States, or by force to seize,
    take, or possess any property of the United States contrary to the
    authority thereof, they shall each be fined under this title or
    imprisoned not more than twenty years, or both.
    Sec. 2385. Advocating overthrow of Government
      Whoever knowingly or willfully advocates, abets, advises, or
    teaches the duty, necessity, desirability, or propriety of
    overthrowing or destroying the government of the United States or
    the government of any State, Territory, District or Possession
    thereof, or the government of any political subdivision therein, by
    force or violence, or by the assassination of any officer of any
    such government; or
      Whoever, with intent to cause the overthrow or destruction of any
    such government, prints, publishes, edits, issues, circulates,
    sells, distributes, or publicly displays any written or printed
    matter advocating, advising, or teaching the duty, necessity,
    desirability, or propriety of overthrowing or destroying any
    government in the United States by force or violence, or attempts
    to do so; or
      Whoever organizes or helps or attempts to organize any society,
    group, or assembly of persons who teach, advocate, or encourage the
    overthrow or destruction of any such government by force or
    violence; or becomes or is a member of, or affiliates with, any
    such society, group, or assembly of persons, knowing the purposes
    thereof -
      Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than
    twenty years, or both, and shall be ineligible for employment by
    the United States or any department or agency thereof, for the five
    years next following his conviction....
These laws broadly forbid organizing to use force to attack the
government.  But the cypherpunks movement was originally conceived
as a way to evade government, not to attack it.  Using cryptography,
people could communicate freely and avoid government regulations; they
could make voluntary agreements without the government being able to
interfere; they could exchange goods and services of value without the
government being able to take a share.  None of this involved using
force in any way.  At most it would make the government irrelevant by
giving people the opportunity voluntarily to move their activities out
of its sphere of influence.
It was only when Tim May turned away from cryptography and shifted his
focus to firearms and Y2K and violent fantasies of revenge that the tone
of the group changed.  It is very likely that many of his writings fit
the definition above, being made "with intent to cause the overthrow
or destruction of any such government," and "advocating, advising, or
teaching the duty, necessity, desirability, or propriety of overthrowing
or destroying any government in the United States by force or violence".
Tim May has advised us many times to kill judges and police officers,
congressmen and jail guards.  He has said endlessly that the U.S.
government needs to be overthrown by violence.
All of us will agree that such statements should be legal, on the
principle of freedom of speech, even if we find the sentiments abhorrent.
But these calls for violence have nothing to do with the cypherpunk
movement.  They don't belong here.  Tim May has turned this mailing list
into his personal toilet, an outlet for his impotent revenge fantasies.
In doing so he has not only destroyed what was once one of the finest
discussion forums in the world; he may have endangered other subscribers,
if those outdated and unconstitutional laws are ever put back into force.

@_date: 2001-11-13 09:40:26
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Rating System 
Cypherpunk Rating System
The Platform for Internet Content Selection (PICS) is a W3C initiative
to provide for labeling content on the internet.  Initially designed as
an alternative to the Communications Decency Act and similar legislation
intended to protect children from objectionable content, PICS allows both
self-labeling and third-party labeling of web pages.  The most widely used
rating system is that provided by the Internet Content Rating Association,
 which replaces the older RSACi system (not the crypto RSA,
it stood for Recreational Software Association).
There is also the hilarious Vancouver rating system at
 which gives points
for Multiculturalism ("Active involvement of user in multicultural
activity using interactive techniques"), Environmental Awareness,
Tolerance, Safety ("Active promotion of safe work and personal
behaviour"), and of course, the highly important Canadian Content rating.
Clearly these rating systems are either Puritanical or politically correct
to an obnoxious degree.  Nevertheless the notion of providing additional
information about the content of an article is valid within the cypherpunk
worldview.  Content labels can usefully add to the information present
in the Subject and From fields.  This information can then be used on
an individual basis to filter content.
Killfiles are an obvious application of this approach, and in fact certain
writers have effectively disappeared from the lists for an ever-increasing
number of subscribers.  Filtering based on content labels is no more
in conflict with cypherpunk goals and ideals than killfiling the likes
of Choate.
Although PICS was designed for web pages, it can be used for mailing list
postings as well.  The W3C pages at  provide a
simple mechanism for passing PICS ratings in any RFC822 (now RFC2822)
environment (that is, email).  A new header is defined, PICS-Label,
which is followed by the relevant information.  The PICS syntax is
reasonably compact, however it includes a URL which provides a human
readable description of the meaning of the labels.  A sample label might
PICS-Label: (PICS-1.1 " l r (topics tpg ap pp))
The header is followed by the URL which defines the rating system.
l means labels and r means ratings, and then the ratings themselves are
in parentheses, using the rules defined at the URL.  This example uses
an unordered list of topic keywords which follow the word "topics",
which are defined below.
More complex ratings systems can be defined allowing numerical evaluation
on a variety of scales.  Those ideas may be worth pursuing.  But to
start with, here are some possible topic categories with their associated
keywords for the ratings tuple:
Topic categories, which follow the word "topics":
e     Encryption
ap    Anonymity/pseudonymity
tc    Technical crypto
cob   Cypherpunk oriented businesses
tpg   Threats to privacy by government
tpng  Threats to privacy by business and NGOs
gb    guns/bombs
bt    booby traps
pp    Political parties
pe    Political elections
Clearly it would be highly ironic for a pro-privacy group like the
cypherpunks to adopt PICS technology, which has been widely criticized
by free speech groups.  Nevertheless it would be instructive to have an
example where ratings are used for the opposite of the politically correct
purposes for which they were originally intended.  Cypherpunks could
use PICS to help find information on defeating government surveillance
and interfering with the increasing crackdowns on civil liberties.
Even if the system is not used much, the act of defining the vocabulary
could set a useful precedent.  It might even be possible to convince the
W3C to link to the cypherpunks rating system, since they were willing
to link to Vancouver.  Then anyone who researches this topic will be
exposed to the cypherpunk view of the world.
Suggestions for expanding the rating system are welcome.
"I write about what I desire to write about." - Tim May

@_date: 2001-11-14 21:10:31
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
First, this is probably not true.  Tim May often uses hyperbole,
exaggeration and satire to make his points.  There may or may not have
been a gathering but it is unlikely to have been for the purpose of
learning how to be a terrorist.
Second, training in such matters would be useless and counterproductive.
There is no point in patriotic Americans learning to use weapons and
explosives for the purpose of terrorism.  Any attempt to use such tools
would injure or kill people and lead to an even greater loss of our
remaining civil libertires.  It would weaken the position of those who
are fighting to preserve our rights, bring more military occupation of
American cities, and produce more government surveillance.
Third, "monkeywrenching" may actually be a positive strategy, if employed
intelligently.  The idea would be to make the government occupation more
expensive and difficult, and to promote public distrust and resentment of
the government's efforts to expand its control.  It is however important
that the provocation doesn't go too far and trigger a public relations
backlash.  Small steps must be taken at this point while people still
overwhelmingly support government actions.
Of course subtlety is not exactly a Tim May trademark.  (At least, not
the bloodthirsty blowhard of today.  Where is the man who came up with
the idea of Big Brother Inside stickers?).  Let us hope that cooler
heads are involved in the planning of any such effort.
An earlier version of this message was sent but has not yet appeared.
Here are some additional thoughts.
A good example of monkeywrenching can be found at the article posted
earlier, This shows an apparently legitimate flyer from the "Phoenix FBI Joint
Terrorism Task Force" telling people whom they should watch out for.
It includes people who "make numerous references to the US constitution",
people who are "'defenders' of the US constitution against federal
government and the UN", people who attempt to "police the police" and
so on.
These will already raise red flags even among mainstream Americans.
How easy it would be to make an altered version of this flyer which
shades just a bit more into questionable territory.  People who object
to surveillance by the government; people who oppose stationing soldiers
in public places; people who refuse to pledge allegiance to the flag;
people who won't show their identity papers on request; there are all
kinds of dangerous individuals out there.  The slope is slippery, and
it would be easy to slide just a little ways farther down.
Printing copies of such a flyer and leaving them in public places would
be a good way to get people thinking about how much they are giving up.
It might even be possible to get a know-nothing police officer to join
in the distribution, someone whose authoritarian political perspective
will make him blind to the satire.

@_date: 2001-11-15 08:20:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Red Herring: Terrorism and the challenge to globalization. 
Stupid article, and your comment doesn't make much sense either.
First, the terrorist attacks are the best thing that has ever happened
for globalization.  No one is a purer anti-globalist than bin Laden.
Now the anti-global movement is associated with death and terror.
Anti-globalization protests have been scaled back and cancelled all
around the world since September 11.  To the extent that radical Islam
is the new standard bearer for anti-globalism, the movement is doomed.
Contrary to the predictions of this article, the only hope for the
anti-globalists is to disassociate themselves as fast as possible from
Islamic terrorism.  That's going to be tough, given the images that are
burned forever into people's minds.
Second, we can update Gordon Gecko's line from Wall Street.  Instead of
"greed is good," now "globalism is good".  Globalism is a matter of
free association and free choice for billions of people.  It represents
market capitalism at its best, with each country providing those goods and
services at which it has a comparative advantage.  Globalism is freedom.
Third, cypherpunk technologies will promote globalism.  To the extent that
the future is cast as a battle between global capitalism and democracy,
technology is on the side of capitalism.  Democracy is an inherently
coercive institution.  It relies on physical force to achieve its goals.
Capitalism is non-coercive.  It is cooperative.  It invites, it does not
compel.  Cypherpunk technologies enhance the opportunities to interact
in cooperative ways, free of external coercion.  If they can't see what
you do, they can't control what you do.  Cypherpunks are supporting
globalism by their actions, whether they understand that or not.

@_date: 2001-11-18 02:00:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunk failures 
Speaking of laws by Christmas, anyone want to give odds on the accuracy
of Tim May's prediction on September 13:
   Dark times are coming. I'll bet a complete ban on strong, unescrowed    crypto is passed in all European countries, Russia, China, Japan, and    the U.S. by, say, December 15th.
   I'm betting, as I said in my last post, that strong unescrowed crypto    will be illegal by December 15th.
Does anyone think this prediction will come true?  Or is it as mistaken
as so many other Tim May predictions over the years?  And by the way,
who was Tim May betting with?  Hopefully the sum they stand to gain
is substantial.
The larger question is, what is it about the cypherpunk worldview which
is so wrong?  Why do cypherpunks constantly predict events which don't
come true?  And is this faulty vision responsible for the failure of
the cypherpunks to maintain their cultural and technological influence,
and to make progress towards their goals?
The most crippling error of the cypherpunks has been their unremitting
pessimism.  Ever since the group was created they have predicted imminent
crackdowns on cryptography.  And yet the trend has consistently been in
the opposite direction.  Rather than keeping to an optimistic vision of a
better world, cypherpunks have sunk into a morass of doomsaying.  The Y2K
debacle was perhaps the most prominent example of failed pessimism.
Why work on crypto if the world is coming to an end?
Another mistake has been to view the world in simplistic terms of black
and white, true patriots versus those who "need killin'".  Government
in this view is a monolithic entity with the single-minded goal of
destroying individual rights and creating a tyrannical dictatorship.
Society is composed of "sheeple" who are ignorant of their own best
interests and easily manipulated by those in power.  This view ignores
the complex nature of political and corporate influence and the many
competing groups which vie for power in the world.
And of course much energy has been wasted in internal debate and rhetoric
which, because founded on these erroneous points, has been useless and
irrelevant.  It's easier to moan and complain when bad things happen
than to adopt a positive view of the world and work in an optimistic
way to make it happen.
Meanwhile the most interesting technological changes are passing the
cypherpunks by.  The open source movement, peer to peer exchange, the
music and copyright wars, all have had little impact in the cypherpunk
world.  Peer to peer technology alone has tremendous potential as a
foundation for long-term cypherpunk dreams like anonymizing proxies,
encrypted data sharing, eternity, even DC nets.  Encryption should be
a fundamental part of file sharing systems.  Digital reputations are
the solution to the problem of bogus data being maliciously inserted
into networks in order to clog them and interfere with searches.
Crypto protocols can help against some kinds of denial of service attacks.
If cypherpunks had been engaged in the world over the last few years
instead of staring into their pessimistic navels, they could have played
a part in today's revolutions.  As it is, they appear to be "headed
for the trash heap of history," to use Tim May's unfortunate phrase.
Maybe it's not too late.  But if this group is ever to resume its role
as an exciting place where the future of computing is visible, it must
refocus its efforts.  Cypherpunks should think positively, look past
current troubles, and start talking again about crypto technology and
how it can change the world.  That would be a conversation worth having.

@_date: 2001-11-18 21:00:25
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Pricing spare resources and options? 
In a competitive market, prices will tend to stabilize at the cost to
the supplier, plus profit.  Demand comes in by setting the production
level, which in turn influences costs due to economies of scale and
diminishing returns.  However at least initially the resources supplied
via network services, like storage, will be a small part of the overall
market and so network demand will not affect costs much and we can treat
them as fixed and given.
The price of a network service, then, should be roughly the cost to the
provider based on today's market prices.  This will be derived from the
initial costs divided by the depreciation period, plus ongoing costs.
With disk drive prices dropping so rapidly they probably should be
depreciated in just a couple of years despite the fact that they will
last longer.  So at about $100 for 50 GB for two years the cost would be
$2 per GB of data stored per year.  Then you'd add in your network costs,
divided by the number of users for a per-user cost, and costs of other
fixed equipment like the computer itself, appropriately depreciated.
Generally the purpose of futures and options, in the big picture, is to
allow management of risk.  People can protect themselves against price
changes by transferring the risk to speculators.  (Of course each market
participant has his own motivations, but collectively this is the emergent
behavior which justifies options trading.)
Disk space doesn't seem to be a very good candidate for options because
its price has so far been very stable and predictable.  We don't see
too many price spikes in the disk drive market that someone might want
to protect themselves against.  The prices follow a generally consistent
Moore's law although the exact rate of decline varies somewhat from year
to year.
Similarly, with other computer commodities like CPU and network bandwidth,
price trends are generally stable.  A more promising candidate might be
RAM memory options.  RAM prices has been somewhat volatile over the past
decade and computer manufacturers might benefit from an option market
to purchase risk protection.  But it's certainly not going to be at the
scale of the currency, stock index and agricultural futures and options
which are widely traded today.

@_date: 2001-11-19 20:30:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Pay to Play in Information Markets 
This has been a long debate among hard-core capitalist types who want
to see everything have a price.  In a voluntary system for exchanging
and publishing information, who should pay and who should be paid?
Of course the easy answer is that the market will decide.  But when
you're trying to design the mechanisms then you have to anticipate the
market's needs.  You have to predict what the market will decide.
Unfortunately, the realistic answer seems to be that many possible
patterns of payment will be desired by the market.   In some cases
providers of data will pay others to read it: advertising, political or
persuasive arguments, reputation-building essays.  In other cases people
who want the data will pay those who provide it: music and other arts,
entertaining and informative works.
MN identifies three roles: author, consumer, and publisher (they don't
necessarily use these names).  The author creates the data (or supplies
data authored by someone else).  The publisher provides the resources to
make it available: disk space, network access.  The consumer downloads the
data and uses it.  In some cases the author and publisher may be the same.
It seems reasonable that the consumer would pay the publisher for most
data.  Presuming that the consumer is going to the trouble of downloading
the data, he must want it and so he will be willing to pay for it.  There
may be some examples as noted above where the author wants to subsidize
the consumer's access.
In the MN model, the consumer pays the publisher, and the author pays
the publisher as well.  This latter aspect is the most controversial.
Why should an author pay to get his data distributed?  Well, as noted
above there are some cases where it makes sense, but in those cases
the author also wants to encourage consumers to download his work.
Just putting it on servers is not enough.  MN does not provide for a
subsidy or payment to downloaders.
Ideally the publisher should be able to pay the author for the work.
This corresponds most closely to the traditional publishing model.
Talented authors get paid by their publishers, who then receive payment
themselves by consumers.  For this to work though the publisher must
be able to make judgements about which authors are talented.  In the
traditional publishing world this is handled by reputation and human
judgement.  It might be possible to automate this to a considerable
extent using cryptographic reputations, but it is a new area that would
need much infrastructure development.
A mailing list such as this one is a microcosm of an information
exchange, one where no payment is possible.  Each person who posts
puts some effort into creating his message (some more than others).
Some people's messages are worth reading and subscribers might even be
willing to pay to get them.  Others serve more to gratify the ego of
the writer and he might have to pay to get his contributions read.
Imagine a cash-based mailing list (perhaps using play money).  Each
contributer would either pay or get paid for his submissions, depending
on his current reputation.  Subscribers would have a quantity of cash
flow that they could funnel towards the reputation of the authors they
enjoyed the most.  Slashdot's karma system is similar to this and it
does a pretty good job of separating the quality from the crap, although
there are complaints that it promotes groupthink.  A system based more
openly on cash payments could be a model for future information markets.

@_date: 2001-11-20 22:40:23
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The bookburning begins... 
Well, if google controls usenet history, why wouldn't a violence monopoly control logs and the history of the lands it ... controls ? (for all practical purposes the government is a corporation with a very effective PR department and pesuasive means, which it uses to successfuly convince customers that it works for them, that it is even controlled by them. And as we know, branding ... er patriotism ... works)
Back to archives.
One of the solutions was described in Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451: memorize the stuff. It's much easier with computers these days. Download and backup the information YOU deem valuable. It's your fucking choice, don't expect others to do it. It is trivially easy, maybe as easy as whining about bookburning.
Look at JYA - all he does is memorize, memorize. Archiving is a valuable service.
The Unsolved Problem
The most serious problem is getting out of the reach ("juristiction") of a particular Violence, Inc. franchise. Not just storage-wise, but access-wise. Even if I rent a server in Tripoli, the access to it goes through wires controlled by my local ViolCo. It is not filtering out Tripoli now, but I have no doubt that it will should the need arise. You can hide bits by encryption, but you (still) can't hide wires.
unrelated - did you notice that "for the children" meme is almost gone and replaced with "against the terrorism" ?

@_date: 2001-11-21 03:40:35
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The bookburning begins... 
Yet another cypherpunk idiocy, the idea that the government is scurrying
about trying to get information on cryptography out of libraries.  A
good example of the narrow focus and lack of reasoning on the part of
The government is trying to make it harder to get sensitive information
related to infrastructure vulnerabilities.  It has no interest in
suppressing information on a widely used technology like crypto.
You might as well predict that they will pull all the books about the
internet off library shelves in order to try to improve network security.
And by the way, Marc de Piolenc, what happened to your assignment about
using Chaumian credentials to improve air travel security?  You were
given the favor of pointers to Chaum's papers; you were expected to
provide something back in return, quid pro quo.  Why don't you work on
that instead of inflicting unfounded opinions on the group?

@_date: 2001-11-23 23:10:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
Are you implying that Lance Cottrell is making anonymous surfing data
available to security agencies?  That is a strong accusation and if you
want to make it, you should do so explicitly.  You are calling him a
liar and a fraud.
Nothing in the article you quote gives you any foundation for such
a claim.  All it says is that agencies are using Anonymizer to browse
anonymously, just like its other customers.  Any crypto technology, if
it is truly useful, can be used by government agencies as well as others.
One might as well accuse you of conspiracy since cryptome often serves
TLAs:  You fraud!  You are saving people's access patterns to your files
and making them available to the police!  How dare you!
These accusations are as unfounded as those you made against Lance.
Those who make such claims should provide evidence and not innuendo.

@_date: 2001-11-25 00:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Walk For Capitalism, 2nd December 
World-wide pro-freedom walk.
Please see  for details
More organizators needed!

@_date: 2001-11-27 19:00:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
These are good points, but the mystery is why you don't apply them to
yourself.  Why not challenge your own reputation and trustworthiness?
You are no better than Lance Cottrell, are you?  You serve law enforcement
agencies as well as private individuals.  You are in much the same
position as Lance to learn about sensitive browsing habits which would
be of interest to the government.  You are no more deserving of trust
than he or anyone else.
Rather than make accusations about other people, why not eliminate the
middleman and make accusations about yourself?  End your hypocrisy.  Say,
"I may be sucking up to law enforcement agencies.  I may be recording
people's browsing habits and supplying them to interested parties,
with appropriate compensation.  I am not deserving of trust, in fact I
may be concealing betrayal.  Nothing I have done in the past should be
interpreted in any way to assume that I will not change in the future
and begin selling out my friends and those who rely on me."
You believe that this is the attitude we should take towards you, don't
you?  Why not come forward and say it.  If you don't think we should
trust you, say so.  If you don't think you deserve our trust, admit it.
You don't need to search out other people's flaws when your own are so
much closer at hand.

@_date: 2001-10-01 23:40:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Brinworld: citizens with speed-radar 
Too bad this wasn't California.  According to that states laws, if a
survey shows that average driver speeds are substantially higher than
the posted speed limit, the speed limit must be raised.  It would have
been a sweet irony if these busybodies had ended up with 60 MPH posted
speed limits on their residential streets.

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:10:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Who wants to be a millionaire 
It would be necessary to reduce the criteria used by the purchaser into
algorithmic form.  Write a program which would take the data and produce
a yes/no answer.  The program has to be such that even if the seller knows
the program, he can't produce fake data which would fool the program.
Then the seller can commit to his data and produce a zero-knowledge
proof that the committed data satisfies the criteria in the program.
This can be done reasonably efficiently for moderate sized programs.
It will leak no information about the data other than the yes/no answer
from the program.

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: ZKS Shutdown 
Zero-Knowledge Systems is reported to be shutting down their Freedom
network and product.  A letter has apparently been sent to subscribers
with the bad news.  Could someone please post a copy here?  Does it say
anything about the reasons?  Just lack of money, or something related
to 9/11?
The web sites have not been updated and are still hyping the new version
3.0 released just a few weeks ago.

@_date: 2001-10-05 19:30:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Who wants to be a millionaire 
Assuming that a human trusted third party could check the data if he
had access to it, a program could do so as well.
Perhaps the assumption is that the TTP has some secret information that
will allow him to check the seller's data for validity.  For example,
if the seller is providing floor plans of a building, the TTP may have
some partial information about the floor plans which he can compare for
consistency.  If the seller doesn't know what information the TTP has,
it is hard for him to spoof.
This can be simulated by using a secure multi-party computation in
place of the TTP.  The seller inputs his data, the buyer inputs his
secret partial information, and they jointly run a calculation to see
if the seller's data is internally consistent and matches the partial
information of the buyer.  The only output is a single boolean yes/no.
Providing guaranteed payment can be done but will ultimately require
trusting the bank, as any payment system does.
The buyer and seller could jointly create a sequestered account,
funded by the buyer, such that each party privately gives the bank a
password for access and both passwords must be supplied for withdrawal.
Then the buyer can give the password to the seller as his payment.
The account can be such that if it is not accessed within a specified
time, the contents revert to the buyer's account.
The buyer can't cheat and access the account without the password
belonging to the seller.  The buyer can reveal a hash of his password
in advance and the seller can get the bank to verify that it is correct.
As the buyer's password is revealed a bit at a time during the exchange
of secrets, he uses a ZK proof to show that it corresponds to the
committed hash, as is standard in exchange of secrets protocols.
They are trusting the bank, but it is not involved in verifying the
conditions for successful completion of the transaction.  Its sole
responsibility is managing transfers of money in a reliable and
trustworthy way, and that degree of mutual trust will always be necessary
for any electronic payment system.

@_date: 2001-10-06 02:00:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do 
The cypherpunk's grip on reality has long been tenuous, but the reality
distortion field has now been tuned to maximum.  The plain language of
printed text is now apparently invisible to the cypherpunk eye:
                                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^

@_date: 2001-10-06 08:10:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Anthrax...coincidence? 
Question of the Day:
Should the U.S. consider using nuclear weapons in response to a chemical
or biological attack?
  Yes     69%
  No      31%

@_date: 2001-10-08 08:40:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Another precious moment from shrub... 
The really peculiar thing about Bush's speech was that while he was
giving his war talk, you could see through the window behind him that
people were flying kites in the park.  How bizarre to juxtapose the
fragile innocence of kite-flying with the harsh reality of warfare.
And anyone notice that Rumsfield is losing it?  At his last press
conference he was shaky, he wasn't answering the questions, he was
trailing off and losing his train of thought.  Reminiscent of Reagan in
his second term.

@_date: 2001-10-09 00:10:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Second man tests positive for anthrax; media building 
Additional information from various reports: the first victim, Stevens,
lived about a mile from the airport where the hijackers practiced.
The Star office building is a few miles away.  Stevens' keyboard at his
office was found contaminated with Anthrax.  The second victim was not
infected internally with Anthrax but spores were found in his nose.
One of the purposes of the nose is to filter junk out before it gets
to the lungs.  If the Anthrax spores are the wrong size they will get
trapped like this.  Part of the art of preparing Anthrax weapons is
getting the particle sizes exactly right.
Hypothesis one: the Star reporters were trying to get a "scoop"
on bioterrorism.  Impossible!  How would they know where to find
bioterrorists?  Did Mohammed Atta and associates go around calling up
tabloids and offering them a "scoop"?  This is inconsistent with the
utter professionalism and secrecy with with the operation was conducted.
Hypothesis two: Stevens was infected via aerial spraying at his home and
carried the spores into the office.  Unlikely but possible.  It would
be difficult to bring enough spores in just on his clothes and person as
to contaminate the office and get spores into the nose of his co-worker.
And why were more people near Stevens' home not affected?  Possibly the
spray was extremely ineffective and only Stevens was unlucky enough to
get a fatal dose.
Hypothesis three: the Star office building was a test for distribution
of Anthrax spores via internal air circulation.  Unlikely but possible.
One would expect to see more internal contamination in the building
than just Stevens' keyboard, and more Star employees affected than two.
Again it is possible that the delivery was inefficient.  It may be that
more contamination was found which has not yet been reported.
Hypothesis four: Stevens was infected through natural environmental
exposure away from work and brought spores into the office.  Highly
unlikely, given the rarity of Anthrax exposure and the difficulty of
bringing in enough spores to infect someone else.
Hypothesis five: Stevens was infected through natural environmental
exposure in the office.  Extremely unlikely: Anthrax is found on animal
products (previous industrial cases have involved exposure to such
things as goat hides) and a photography editor would not be handling
such materials.
The most likely possibilities appear to be numbers two and three,
that this was either a test run or a botched attempt at infecting the
population.  The experts have been claiming for weeks that handling
these bioagents isn't as trivial as fearmongers would suggest.  It seems
probable that such factors are at work here.

@_date: 2001-10-09 23:40:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Google and the Net 
You are all missing the point.  Google was being praised for its specific
feature of acting as an internet-wide cache of old versions of web pages.
Prior to 9/11 the page in question held inflammatory content praising
bin Laden.  Now it's been pulled.  The google cache lets us see the
previous version, thwarting the efforts of the page owner to hide his
earlier sentiments.
Google thus serves as an honesty mechanism, holding people responsible
for what they have said and making it more difficult for them to conceal
revisions to their published opinions.
All this old-fogey talk about "I remember the days before Google" is
nothing but hot air.  Sure, things were harder before search engines;
of course they were, but it's a trivial observation.  The point is that
this often-unappreciated cacheing feature of search engines can have a
powerful influence on the nature of the Web.
It's unfortunate that we have to rely on Google.  Imagine an ongoing,
distributed project to cache the web.  Volunteers could keep tabs on
a subset of corporate and personal web pages and cache old versions
when changes are made.  Rewriting history becomes that much harder.
And it's certainly a better use of computers than seti at home.

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:30:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: who wants to be a millionaire 
Not so fast.  How easy is it to fake your own death?  You have to come
up with a fake death certificate.  Obviously in a game such as AP,
verifying death is one of the most important aspects.
It might be that only certain Death Certificate Authorities (DCAs)
come to be accepted for players in AP.  They may require DNA evidence
and other details that would raise the bar considerably for fakers.
This could be a lucrative new business op for RSA/Verisign.
In addition it may be agreed that the payoff doesn't happen right away,
but only after the party has been gone for some minimum period of time,
say a year or two.  Not many targets will be willing to disappear for
two years from public view solely in order to cause trouble for the
AP game.
And even if it does happen, investors in the removal of Mr. Target will
enjoy at least the partial satisfaction of getting him out of the way
for a couple of years.  Then if he does reappear, follow-on bets will
be established with even more stringent conditions for verification
and payoff.

@_date: 2001-10-11 06:30:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Numbers Stations 
Where, oh where do these fucking idiots come from? This has never even listened to shortwave, yet he's going to babble on about his
totally moronic (not to mention totally statist) ideas about how our
all powerful FCC can somehow control foreign government broadcasts.
    It's really frightening how little mental capacity is needed to
get on line these days.

@_date: 2001-10-12 00:40:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Osama is Jesus 
It is truly remarkable how much Osama resembles all the pictures of Jesus. Not just his facial features, but his eyes,
his presence. Could it be that this is really the Millenium,
the Second Coming is here and now, and we are just on the wrong side? Why else are so many thousands of devout people
praying for his safety, why else do so many call the US the
Great Satan?    Is anyone trying to do an objective comparison of recent
events with the Book of Revelations? Who knows who really caused those planes to crash into the WTC? If the Great Satan controls all the news media who knows what lies we
are being told? Why don't they want us to hear Osama?

@_date: 2001-10-12 05:01:42
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Osama is Jesus 
DB asked:
    Dear me, no, how could Osama be the Anti-Christ? That
was clearly Clinton. The Anti-Christ wouldn't have masses
of people praying for him, only Messiah Osama has so many
devoted followers and disciples.    Bush is just a mindless puppet channeling the Masters of
the Illuminatti.

@_date: 2001-10-13 02:10:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Evil Empire meets Evil Disease 
CNN is reporting at 8 PM EDT that the Reno, Nevada office of Microsoft
Licensing Incorporated, which handles product licensing agreements for
Microsoft, has received a suspicious letter which has been found to be
contaminated with anthrax.

@_date: 2001-10-14 04:20:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: [EMED-L] [Hazmat-WMD] Anthrax - When do we worry? (fwd) 
The latest nytimes.com report describes brown powder:
: The letter postmarked from Trenton, which arrived in a white envelope with
: no return address, contained a brown granular substance, most of which
: was thrown out after it was opened in the offices of the NBC Nightly
: News program on the third floor of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, officials said.
Someone else at NBC is sick now:
: Several people handled the Trenton letter when it was first received at
: NBC, perhaps as early as Sept. 19, including Erin M. O'Connor, the aide
: to Mr. Brokaw, and another woman, who officials would not identify. That
: woman, they said, has had a fever, a rash and swollen lymph nodes,
: symptoms consistent with anthrax exposure and is being treated with
: antibiotics. Officials are awaiting results on a definitive test for
: anthrax exposure, which should be complete within the next day or two.
The unidentified second woman came into contact with the material:
: It was opened by a clerical employee, the unidentified woman who has
: since fallen ill. NBC's president, Neal Shapiro, said the woman then
: brushed the granular material that spilled from the envelope into a
: trash can near her desk.

@_date: 2001-10-16 07:10:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: OT: NBC Lists? 
I'm interested in subscribing to lists that deal with NBC warfare in a terrorist context. I'm interested more in information than uninformed discussion. Any suggestions would appreciated.

@_date: 2001-10-17 04:30:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Safeweb 
Are there any Cypherpunks working at Safeweb? It would be nice to have someone of respectible integrity vouch for this company.

@_date: 2001-10-18 01:00:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Detainees, Personal Libertarianism, and Vengeance 
You're not even being consistent.  You yourself have indicated that you
would engage in murder of those you viewed to be violating your rights.
Even if they have merely inconvenienced you by holding you a few days
longer than you thought proper, or not providing enough access to an
attorney, you would kill the guards and other low-paid employees who
are doing no more than temporarily limiting your freedom of action.
In fact, the other day you threatened to murder a reporter who misquoted
you; in fact, you further suggested you would torture him and kill his
entire family.  These are innocent children who never did a thing to you,
and you would kill them in cold blood.  Only a subhuman animal, devoid
of any semblance of morality and decency, would suggest such a thing.
"How would you like it," to quote your own words, if after commiting these
outrageous crimes, society gave you what you deserved?  Would you enjoy
being put on trial for your life?  Being sentenced to life imprisonment
or death?  How can you support laws against murder, while threatening
that action at every turn?
Of course, the alternative is that you are pathetic liar, a pitiful
blowhard whose bombast is his only hope of concealing his fears and
inadequacies.  You have no intention of killing anyone, which is why you
don't bother with consistency in your impotent rants.  The narcissism
description fit you to a tee.  All you want is attention, like an
immature child.  What a loser.

@_date: 2001-10-20 01:50:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Critize Israel - Get Fired 
Eric lisped:
  Hey fag boy, we know why you love them ragheads -- a-rabs being known for a preference for buttfucking each other and especially them sweet young boys.

@_date: 2001-10-20 04:30:18
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Retribution Time 
De time be almost here, good peoples. Time to get yours.
You know what I and I be talkin about -- no more fuckin
around about it. All dem pigs and feds jes be sooo busy
wid dem bin Ladens, dey got no time for us simple folks.
   Time be for I and I to git what we bin waitin for. Git
dem muthafuckas dat bin fuckin wid us all dis time. Git
dem pigs, git dem judges, git dem bill collectors, git dem
banks and take all dat money. Git em all, let God sort dem out. Fuck shit up, any way you ken think of. Git dem assholes
what done you wrong, git dem assholes doin everbody wrong.
But above all, git you some money!
   I and I be talkin somemore bout dis shit pretty soon, hey!
Bo Strange

@_date: 2001-10-22 03:20:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Beefing up security at America's dams and reservoirs 
National Public Radio (NPR) Morning Edition  (11:00 AM AM ET)
Thursday, Oct. 18, 2001
Beefing up security at America's dams and reservoirs
BOB EDWARDS, host: This is MORNING EDITION from NPR News. I'm Bob
Security is tight at many of the nation's 70,000 reservoirs and dams.
There's concern about water contamination from chemical or biological
agents, and about possible attempts to breach the dams. NPR's Howard
Berkes reports. HOWARD BERKES reporting:
All across the country now, guards are on patrol and checkpoints are
in place in an attempt to keep terrorists away from dams. Hoover Dam,
near Las Vegas, has a major regional highway straddling its crest, but
roadblocks as far as 20 miles away hold trucks, buses and big RVs
back. And floating patrols behind and below the dam keep boats away.
Bob Walsh is spokesman for the US Bureau of Reclamation, which manages
Hoover Dam.
Mr. BOB WALSH (US Bureau of Reclamation): You don't want large
vehicles carrying explosives,!
 for example, to be allowed across the
dam. Gasoline tankers, for example, are prohibited from crossing the
dam at this point as well; any type of a hazardous material.
BERKES: The September 11th attacks prompted similar security at some
of the bureau's 500 other dams in 17 Western states. John Keyes is the
commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation.
Commissioner JOHN KEYES (US Bureau of Reclamation): There is no
specific threat against any of our specific facilities, let me put it
that way. But potential for terrorist activity is being provided for.
We are at a high level of security at all of our critical facilities,
both to protect against damage to the facilities themselves and to the
water supplies.
BERKES: The risk at these facilities is enormous. And it's not just
from flooding downstream if a dam is breached or fails. Sixty-one
million people depend on the structures for water, including farmers
producing 60 percent of the nation's vegetables. Bureau dams generate
enough power for six million homes. They're a tempting target for
terrorists, says Tim Brown, a senior analyst at globalsecurity.org.
Mr. TIM BROWN (Senior Analyst, Globalsecurity.org): The entire economy
in the Southwest is dependent upon the electricity and the irrigation
that the dams afford. And the loss of any or all of the dams along the
Colorado River Basin would cripple the economy of the Southwest for
years to come, and could have potentially significant effects on the
US economy in the long run.
BERKES: That's also true for other regions and hundreds of communities
in all parts of the country with critical links to the nation's 70,000
dams. Most were built long before terrorism was considered a strong
domestic threat, notes Bill Bingham, a dam designer and engineer.
Bingham is also president of the US Society on Dams, a national group
focusing on engineering and safety.
Mr. BILL BINGHAM (US Society of Dams): Our dams in the past have not
been designed for severe!
 blast incidents like we would see with a
truckload of explosives across the top a dam, or an aircraft loaded
with fuel crashing into the downstream face of the dam. I don't think
that design criteria encompasses those kinds of issues.
BERKES: So it's unclear, Bingham says, whether dams can be breached by
such attacks. He's calling for a national risk assessment to determine
dam vulnerabilities and ways to protect them.
Mr. BINGHAM: Making sure that you've got the properties as secure as
you can make them; limiting access, and doing regular patrols and
those types of things. And having a current emergency action plan in
the event that there would be some kind of an attack on one of these
BERKES: John Keyes of the US Bureau of Reclamations says he's already
accessing the risk at bureau dams, while also bolstering security.
Mr. KEYES: Terrorism is nothing new to the security for our
facilities. We've deal with Earth Liberation Front and the
ecoterrorism folks f!
or several years. We have prepared for
contingencies involving contamination of reservoir water. We have
emergency preparedness plans for all of our facilities that deal with
inundation downstream. We have a comprehensive dam safety program, as
well as a general security program for protection of those vital
Keyes acknowledges one problem. The bureau has only one armed security
force at Hoover Dam. The rest of its dams depend on unarmed guards and
voluntary help from state and local police who have limited authority
on federal property. Congress is considering legislation to address
that. Bill Bingham of the US Society of Dams, worries more about
state, local and private structures.
Mr. BINGHAM: There are many privately owned or even publicly
owned--non-federal publicly owned dams that do not have emergency
action plans, or security plans.
BERKES: Bingham says some dam owners don't have the money or staff for
more security, and he says states have inconsi!
stent requirements for
emergency action plans. Still, state, local and private dam managers
say they're bolstering their security with state and local police.
Howard Berkes, NPR News.

@_date: 2001-10-23 19:50:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks idiots list 
Posters to the cypherpunks list can be divided into idiots and others.
Idiots seldom contribute anything useful and love to fasten onto threads
which require no more than their uninformed opinions.  Interestingly,
many of the idiots work at low-paying jobs like system administration,
and several of them are unemployed.
The lists below can't cover everyone, but here is a sampling of recent
posters.  Note: if you are an idiot, you may not like being informed
of this fact.  Nevertheless you will find few non-idiots who will disagree
with your classification.  Go ahead and ask for anyone on the non-idiots
list to vouch for you, if you have the balls.
Jim Choate (lifetime member)
Harmon Seaver
Karsten Self
J.A. Terranson
Steve Furlong
James B. DiGriz
Tim May
Bill Stewart
Sandy Sandfort
Greg Broiles
John Young
James Donald
Lucky Green
Eric Cordian
Declan McCullagh (marginal)
Adam Back
Adam Shostack
Eugene Leitl

@_date: 2001-10-23 22:21:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks idiot list 
Of course I know how to use a killfile! I killfiled all you idiots
long ago, but your names and trivial ideas keep getting quoted by
all the important people, AND I JUST CAN'T STAND IT ANYMORE!.
  Have you no shame, how can you dare to even show your face on
a list like this, you stupid, underpaid little twits?
  We divided everyone up like this and published the names in my
highschool, and it worked very well. Everyone knew where they stood,
and just who was really WHO!

@_date: 2001-10-26 02:00:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Torture Never Stops.. 
Listen, its not a return to fascism.
Not by any stretch, so unbunch your
Some Americans are tired of being
stepped on.
Me in particular.
Its way different than the inferrence
you infer. I am sure that we agree on the same stuff, we just dont agree on how to get there.
I would love to meet in the middle someplace, as long as my beloved fellow unblamed citizens remain free
and unharmed in the process.
If a foreign guy ends up in a cell
someplace because of some questionable activities, like LYING about knowing
one of these terror mongers, LYING
about knowing particular details, like having screwy immigration documents....
that shit adds up. It may not MEAN the
guy is guilty of something, but dang...
its preventive medicine. If a guy happens
to get waxed, then a guy happens to get waxed. That happens in prison.
It happens to innocent people in prison.
It happens to guilty people in prison.
It shouldnt happen but it does. Deal somehow
with it.
Anyways, I dont think this will effect
mainstream Americans and the odd cypherpunk
thrown in among them. Unless that cpunk
happens to be Middle Eastern, and guilty
of something previously determined to be suspect. But in the long run will we, considering ourselves Freedom Advocates (believe it or not, I consider myself one), hang ourselves with the collective rope we inadvertently meant to provide to our ropers?
My position:
I am not willing to give up ANYTHING for my
But then again, I dont have screwy immigration documents that would cause anyone to want to usurp my individual freedoms.
I will not give up encryption, or privacy.
Ya know its weird, because I hear the Freedom
folks say: "Oh yea, thats what -they- always say
to you, 'if you have not done anything wrong
then you have nothing to worry about'" and now I feel thats not far from the truth, in
a strange zenexistential way. Someone tell me why thats a bad statement.
I mean, if I HAVE done something wrong, I should be afraid, right?
Heres the message we should try to send
with our words and our actions:
Dont fuck up and try to kill Americans.
Because we will fuck you in your ass with a greased lightning tomahawk missile
that will gut you and your camel, and the 5 wives you both rode in on... along
with those 15 little terrorists a year you
keep pumping out, in your own words. By the way, forget about sex for fun with those
broads... apparently there is a mandate to 'copulate to populate, not just to fornicate'.
SNAP, after lookin at some of 'dat shit, I would rather masturbate. No wonder they wear
veils, dey breath must stank to High Heaven.
Unfortunately, the civilized world is counting on us to hold shit together
for financial stability. So we have to
catch up the guys who have sorta fallen behind and made a mess of things for us
in a way. Smacks of New World Order, dont it?
I dont like it either, but hey...
Wal-McCoys, and we(USA) are Sheriff Andy Taylor
and Israel is Deputy Barney Fucking Fife,
and he keeps shooting himself in the foot every time we try to draw down on that
stupid family feud that we now gotta clean up after cuz the SAUDIS (or the REST of the
arab contingent) cant TCOB, cuz they dont wanna get their hands dirty just to protect their status quo, tally ho, lets get the Americans to do it.
Come on, say it... say what you feeeel man :)
Dont blame the 'extremist right' of America
for this clamping down on our beloved freedoms.
Are you still free?
Can you say what you want in this political climate?
Could you ever?
Does it matter?
Are your papers in order?

@_date: 2001-10-29 04:21:46
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cryptography and the Present Crisis 
Cypherpunks are forgetting everything they are supposed to know.
Does anyone remember why this list was formed?  Does the "cypher" in
cypherpunk mean anything?  Has anyone considered whether there is a role
for crypto technology in the face of the current threats to civil rights?
These new laws are a perfect opportunity to promote the message of
cryptography for privacy.  Virtually all of the provisions which have
cypherpunks wailing in despair can be easily circumvented by the use of
crypto technology.  And every trial balloon floated to limit or ban crypto
has been shot down instantly, so full of holes that it will never fly.
Carnivore will be deployed to snoop on email?  Simple, use PGP/GPG.
Carnivore used for "trap and trace" address gathering?  Simple, use
remailers to disguise the patterns of who you are communicating with.
Legitimate criticism of U.S. government potentially interpreted
as supporting terrorism?  Simple, make your points anonymously or
pseudonymously and be free from the fear of prosecution.
Every one of these policies is an opportunity, not a threat.  To the
extent that these crackdowns engender concern about privacy violations
from a growing segment of the population, this is a chance for cypherpunks
to spread their knowledge and their technology.  You don't have to be
a paranoid any more to be afraid that the government is spying on you.
John Ashcroft himself boasts that Big Government will be watching.
Cypherpunks should be taking advantage of this opportunity to promote
their message of privacy through technology.  For the first time since
the group was formed, they can make a legitimate case that the threat
of government surveillance is increasing.  With the Bill of Rights
being tossed out the window and the AG openly admitting to bending the
rules to achieve his goals, a wide community is going to be receptive
to this message.
Of course there are presently substantial numbers who are caught up in
the collectivist urge and who might view attempts to protect privacy
as unpatriotic.  But this is a temporary phenomenon, already fading.
The flags which flew from every car and building in sight a few weeks ago
are disappearing.  Yet the Draconian new regulations will not go away.
Inevitably there will be a growing segment of the population which sees
the government as a fearsome threat.
It is time for cypherpunks to go back to their roots.  Let us put the
cypher back in cypherpunk.  There are other places where people can whine
about how evil congress is or fantasize about secession from the U.S.
Focus on crypto and what role it can play in the current crisis.  Believe
it or not, no one else is doing that.  No one in the world is speaking
out to say, here are tools which can circumvent the government's efforts
to take away our privacy.  If the cypherpunks don't do it, no one will.

@_date: 2001-09-01 16:40:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship 
AUG 30, 2001
U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship
By JENNIFER 8. LEE
he United States government agencies that once tried to breach the Iron Curtain
with radio broadcasts are taking the information war to the Internet, hoping
to finance an American-based computer network designed to thwart attempts by
the Chinese government to censor the World Wide Web for users in China.
Government officials and private architects of the plan say the program would
be financed by the International Broadcasting Bureau, parent agency of the
Voice of America, which has been presenting the American view abroad � mostly
by radio � for decades. It would mark a significant expansion of the long-running
information war between China and the United States.
The agency is in advanced discussions with Safeweb, a small company based in
Emeryville, Calif., which has received financing from the venture capital arm
of the Central Intelligence Agency, In-Q-Tel. The discussions were confirmed
by parties on both sides.
Safeweb currently runs its own worldwide network of about 100 privacy servers
� computers that help disguise what Web sites a user is seeking to view � which
are popular with users in China. The privacy servers have been a continuing
target for the Chinese government, which has blocked most of them in recent
The bureau would provide money for new computers to run Safeweb software specifically
tailored for the Chinese audience and intended to be more resistant to blocking
by the government. It would also cover some of the costs of network bandwidth
to carry the the Internet traffic, but would not act as host for the computers
The plan would initially pay for around a dozen computers, with an option to
grow to a larger number after the new federal fiscal year begins on Oct. 1.
The project would be financed from a Congressional allocation of $5 million
last year intended to improve broadcasting to China, including both Internet
and radio. Of that $5 million, $800,000 was approved for "Internet and multimedia
enhancement," some of which is scheduled for use on this project.
"We recognized that we have an obligation to reach out to our audience in ways
that are effective, that includes the Internet," said Tish King, a spokeswoman
for the International Broadcasting Bureau.
To that end, Voice of America also started VOANews.com to make news available
worldwide on the Internet. Currently, audio broadcasts in over 53 languages
are streamed live and archived on the site. Text is archived in almost all
the languages.
Voice of America has been developing an Internet strategy to reach an audience
in China with a daily newsletter in Chinese that is e- mailed to 180,000 people
and a Chinese-language news Web site.
In addition to a Chinese-language Web site, Radio Free Asia also maintains
Web sites aimed at ethnic minority groups in China like Tibetans and Uighurs,
who are concentrated in the northwest region of Xinjiang.
But the Chinese government has sporadically jammed the radio broadcasts from
Voice of America since 1989 and from Radio Free Asia since 1997, a year after
it began, specifically those in Mandarin and Tibetan. The government has also
blocked the Chinese-language Web sites of Voice of America since 1997 and Radio
Free Asia almost since it began in 1998.
For Chinese leaders, the Internet is a doubled-edged sword, a rapidly evolving
medium that brings economic opportunity but remains beyond complete control.
Internet use in China is growing dramatically, seeping from urban universities
and businesses to homes and affordable Internet cafes all over the country.
The Chinese government estimates there were over 26 million Internet users
in July, compared to only 9 million at the end of 1999.
Periodically, the government tries new ways to tighten control, including police
raids. Since April the government has waged a campaign to shut down thousands
of unlicensed Internet cafes, and the government has publicized the arrests
of over a dozen "Internet dissidents" over the last three years.
The government maintains an elaborate set of rules that requires Internet service
providers to electronically filter content that may be pornographic, anti-government,
violent, unhealthy or superstitious.
Among sites that are blocked for the vast majority of users are those of The
Washington Post (news/quote), Amnesty International and various sites identifying
with the Falun Gong spiritual movement, which the Chinese government has accused
of being a cult. However, users can access other news sites including ABCnews.com,
the British Broadcasting Corporation and USA Today.
Until early this month, the site for The New York Times (news/quote) on the
Web was blocked. The blocking was lifted after an interview with President
Jiang Zemin by top editors at The Times in which President Jiang was specifically
questioned about the blocking of the site.
Chinese Web users have nevertheless found methods to get around the censorship.
In a recent study by researchers at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences
in Beijing, more than a quarter of Internet users admitted to occasionally
using Internet proxy computers, which work similarly to those of Safeweb, while
10 percent admitted to frequent use. That was much higher than was expected,
said Guo Liang, one of the researchers.
Among the most popular masquerade services is Safeweb, an 18- month-old company.
The technology, dubbed Triangle Boy (after a character in an episode of the
sitcom "Seinfeld"), can fool an electronic filter into thinking Web content
is coming from a benign computer server instead of a blocked site like Human
Rights Watch.
But the service has become a target for the Chinese government, which has engaged
in a cat-and- mouse game with Safeweb, blacklisting the Triangle Boy servers
"They are becoming increasingly aggressive," said Stephen Hsu, chief executive
of Safeweb. "We get these frantic emails from users saying they are totally
cut off now."
In addition, Safeweb says, the Chinese government is now blocking e- mail sent
to users who request Triangle Boy e-mail addresses. As a response, Safeweb
is encouraging users to sign up for free Web-based e- mail accounts at non-Chinese
services like Hotmail and Yahoo (news/quote).
Part of the proposal being financed by the International Broadcasting Bureau
would have the Triangle Boy servers change their Internet addresses on a regular
basis � perhaps as frequently as every few hours � to make them more difficult
for the Chinese government to find and block.
Despite government efforts to rein in the Internet, it is playing an emerging
political role in China. The study by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences,
one of the most rigorous Internet studies in China to date, found that 67.5
percent of adult users believe the Internet gives people more opportunity to
criticize government policies. And more than 74 percent agree the Internet
allows people to "express their political views" and to learn about politics.
"We want to force the Chinese government to accept the pro-democracy consequences
of the Internet," said Dr. Hsu. "Up until now the Chinese government has been
amazingly successful at having their cake and eating it too."
Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company

@_date: 2001-09-01 20:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Anonymous Posting 
This was the remark I had in mind:
Tim May wrote on August 16, 2001:
I see now that "all Jews" mischaracterized your statement.  My
Cuts both ways, of course.  If the past is any guide, mostly the
innocent would die.
I've known very few Jewish people who believe God gave them Israel,
but it clearly has something to do with why that particular patch of
land was chosen.  Maybe it's the Schelling point of Zionism.  The area
is symbolically loaded for Jewish people, but the downside is that
it's important to other people as well.
Most Israelis that I've known see the religiously based Zionists as
crazies, especially the ones from the U.S.
Saying that Israelis are a certain way because there are people in
Israel with certain views is as reasonable as saying that Jim Bell is
a good guide to the cypherpunks.
The exact nature of Zionism seems hard to pin down, sort of like
defining a "cypherpunk".  It is clear that many Zionists are not
Agreed.  Many prominent Catholics have publicly declared that abortion
is murder.  Applying the same level of integrity as has been applied
in criminal trials of technical people, this could be seen as
What is insidious about charging people with organizational
involvement is that it bypasses the criminal justice system.  The
organization itself doesn't stand trial.  At the same time the members
are not charged with any specfic crime.
Thus, the trial can consist of little more than innuendo and the
defendant stands a good chance of conviction.  It is very close to
simple political repression.
But aren't you the one bringing up the racial purity theory here?
I've never known a Jewish person, and I've known many, who spent any
time worrying about the genetic purity of their Jewish descent.
Presumably they exist somewhere, but the breed is rare.  Some Jewish
people do seem to have long discussions about "What is a Jew (sic)?",
but they do not seem to be genetically driven.
I am having a little difficulty understanding what you mean by
"embracing the future".  This strikes me as a straw man, but perhaps
I'm not getting your point.
The Jewish community, even the Jewish religious community, does not
seem to have had any problem accepting scientific discoveries, which
one could describe as "embracing the future".  Many Christians,
Protestant and otherwise, have had serious problems in this
department.  For example, the theory of evolution was accepted without
a fuss.  Even in Jewish religious schools, the theory of evolution is
I think the idea behind going to Palestine and founding Israel was to
find a way to not be murdered any more.  After over 1000 years of
abuse ending with 2/3 of the group being killed, it doesn't seem
unreasonable that many of the survivors would conclude that it was
unsafe to live among Europeans.
My guess is that they figured they could just sort of push the Arabs
aside and after a bit of fuss, everybody would get used to the idea
and they'd have a country where they would have full political rights
and even own land without fears of confiscation.  Most peoples have
done exactly the same thing at some time or other.  And, there was
already a sizeable Jewish population in Palestine.
Do you believe that Jewish activities along these lines are more
offensive than similar activities by many other people?  If so, do you
find them offensive because they are so recent, or is it just the
unpleasant fact that American money is contributing to it?
Agreed.  I have better things to do with my money, too.
Here's my somewhat uninformed take on the Middle East:
Anything the U.S. is doing there is going to be related to oil.
Support of Israel gives the U.S. cards to play with the oil producing
countries.  If the oil producing companies are uncooperative, Israel
gets new cool weapons.  If they are cooperative, then the U.S. news
media start talking about the bad things the Israelis are doing.
When the oil producing countries complain, the answer is probably that
the Jewish lobby is so powerful that the U.S. has to support the
Israelis.  I believe that the Jewish lobby is powerful only to the
extent that they are allowed to be.  If they stood in the way of
U.S. policy to any significant extent, they would be curtailed.
Israel also plays a useful role for the oil producing governments -
they help keep the population unified.  A great deal of money flowing
into the area does not benefit the populations of the countries there.
For example, half of adult male Saudis are illiterate.  Keeping those
people focused on Israel keeps them from noticing where the money is
going.  Also, the rulers can accuse detractors of being Israeli spies.
I do not think U.S. support for Israel has much to do with
post-Holocaust compassion or with the desire to support a democracy in
the Middle East or with the Jewish lobby.
Yes, Jacobo Timerman ("Prisoner Without a Name, Cell Without a
Number") said the same thing a few years after he fled to Israel from
Argentina.  He made himself somewhat unpopular by questioning the
propriety of the invasion of Lebanon.  Some Israelis felt he was
ungrateful.  Sort of interesting because the original idea was that
everybody Jewish could consider themselves Israeli and therefore
gratitude would not be in order.  (A comparison could be made to the
Palestinian situation with respect to their alleged brother Arabs.)
Anyway, there is probably a well understood psychological phenomenon
at work.  Once somebody is abused, they will tend to find somebody
else, hopefully subordinate, to mistreat.
I've wondered whether this effect isn't related to explain Henry
Kissinger's criminality.  Kissinger lost two relatives in the
Holocaust, but in his political career he associated with and backed
people with less than pristine credentials.  For example, Nixon had
connections to war criminals associated with the Rumanian Iron Guard.
The military regimes Kissinger encouraged in South America tended to
have people with a certain admiration for the Third Reich.  The
policies pursued in Southeast Asia bear certain similarities to those
of the Nazis.
Timerman, incidentally, described himself as Zionist.
Literally the truth, although not exclusively. ;-)

@_date: 2001-09-01 22:30:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Yes and no.  The users aren't all that anonymous, or they wouldn't need
anonymous technologies, would they?  The remailer network sees where
this message originates.  If you use Zero Knowledge software, their
network knows exactly who is using it at any time.  If a digital cash
bank came into existence, payments transferred into the digital system
from outside would largely be from identified sources.
Nevertheless it's true that the operators would probably not find it
cost effective to try to identify every single customer.  (Although ZKS
will cancel your nym if you spam with it.)
The real issue is the clause above about "market and sell".  This was
the original point raised by Tim May: what markets do we select?
His whiteboard exercise teaches that you need to identify, select and
target particular markets which make sense.  And if you care about the
world you are creating, that's where the moral issue comes in.
Nonsense.  Most participants in this forum DO share common philosophical
goals: the preservation and enhancement of individual freedom via
technological means.  This is our common heritage.  People make moral
judgements every single day on this list based on exactly this framework.
And it is this moral view which tells us that bin Laden and his terrorist
groups are not the market which we should target in order to advance
these goals.
No, probably not.  However the world seems strangely short of virtuous
freedom fighters right now.  In fact "freedom fighters" are probably not
an appropriate target market for cypherpunks.  They may be well funded
but most of them are wedded to violence.  If they get into power they're
not going to make things any better.  James Donald made this point: few
countries are undergoing true popular revolutions.
It would be better to target technologies that would benefit groups
where there is a large, oppressed minority, people who just want to be
left alone.  Unfortunately, almost by definition, oppressed minorities
tend to be poor.  So it is a hard problem to do this profitably.
It's true that this does not directly impact the design.  But we can't
ignore the question, is this a market we want to pursue.  For example,
there are any number of papers on key escrow systems, or "fair" electronic
cash (where only the government can trace it).  Legitimate businesses
might well be willing to use such systems.  So there is profit to be made,
all the more profit since the government is less likely to hassle you.
Would you say that discussions of such technologies would and should be
encouraged on the cypherpunks list?  That it doesn't matter whether this
helps us in or long-term goal or not?
Surely not.  Morality plays a part in everything we do.  We have goals
in common.  We should structure our efforts so that they are in accordance
with our highest goals.  Having principles is nothing to be ashamed of.
We all have them, and we should be proud of that.

@_date: 2001-09-02 03:40:42
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
The fact that a given person is using the remailer network is not a
secret.  At least one remailer finds out every time he sends a message.
The point is, the entry from the non-anonymous to the anonymous world
is a vulnerability.
You are not stating their claims accurately.  ZKS does indeed have
information about who is using it at any given time, if they operate any
of the servers.  Or at least the server operators can tell.  Each user
sets up a route through a chain of servers, and any given server knows
exactly who is using it as the initial connection into the network.
Again, the entry from non-anonymous into anonymous networks is visible.
No, but the fact that Alice transfered a certain amount of funds into
the anonymous bank is visible to at least some observers.  Once again,
the point is that as you enter the anonymous world your entry is visible.
Compare this with the original claim: "in a properly designed anonymity
system the users will be, well, anonymous, and it should be impossible
to tell any more about them than that they pay their bills on time."
These examples illustrate the falsehood of this claim.  Much more
is learned about the customers as they enter the anonymous system.
Not everyone will agree with every specific case.  But given our common
philosophical heritage, list members can come to agreement with regard
to most examples.  The test is simple, whether these individuals advance
the causes we support.
As long as you're listing examples, what do you think about Osama bin
Laden?  Would you support efforts to market crypto technology to Islamic
religious extremists?
The great thing about bin Laden as an example is that we can see
exactly what the consequences will be when he succeeds.  With McVeigh,
nobody knows for sure.  But chances are it would be much the same if
the militias achieved their goals: installation of a religious state.
Supporting these people means helping bring about another Afghanistan,
maybe right here at home next time.
An additional point: if you were truly unconcerned with moral issues,
you would have no objection to seeing discussion here about how we can
use computer technology to promote government power and control.
We'll see.  If you support increasing government power, then you are
25BA1A9F5B9010DD8C752EDE887E9AF3 [Cantsin Protocol No. 2]
-12FF 12FF

@_date: 2001-09-05 09:30:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
We do this (or some of us do.)
When a spammer is detected, often his IP address or email address is added to a block list.
It doesn't work all that well. We can't block people -- only electronic representations of them.

@_date: 2001-09-05 09:30:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
Or, simply have a remailer client that randomly generates dummy traffic, and be sure to chain through multiple remailers. You don't need to accept incoming remailer traffic from other live people -- this is sufficient to hide when, if ever, you are using the remailer network.
You still stick out as a remailer user, though. (A while ago, someone posted a physics question usnig a remailer, and Tim mused that they were probably a troll, since they were using a remailer to pose this question. I found that remark surprising, for precisely this reason. Everyone should use remailers from time to time to ask innocent questions, in case of being asked by The Authorities to provide an example of one's correspondence using such technology.)

@_date: 2001-09-05 09:30:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
Unless you run a remailer yourself. The fact that I use anonymous remailers would be hard to deny, if am a
remailer operator. However, if I make my own remailer first in the chain,
an attacker sitting at the second remailer will not be able to tell when I
am using my remailer myself vs. when it is being used by others vs. dummy
cover traffic.

@_date: 2001-09-05 09:50:38
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
Declan brought this up in a "sky-is-falling" article about remailers and anti-spam legislation. I do not believe this is a valid threat.
Mail from "juicy at melontraffickers.com" does come from the melontraffickers.com server. It is not forged.
(Such legistion would protect against unfortunate instances like the flowers.com case.)
This *would* require some remailers, like frog2, to stop allowing "From:" line specification. But that's hardly a big issue.
Unless the next Tim McVeigh ever uses a remailer in his life.
Mark my words: The next major act of domestic terrorism will somehow
involve either crypto or remailers, *according to the government investigators' reports.*
Insert appropriate fnords where necessary.

@_date: 2001-09-05 18:00:38
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
Gee, maybe he shouldn't have pleaded GUILTY then.  How can you say that
this proves that thought==action when the issue wasn't decided at trial?

@_date: 2001-09-11 21:00:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
The terrorist attacks present a real-world situation which has ties to
the recent discussion about morality.
What are the roles of we who provide technology that aids terrorists
as well as honorable people who seek the shield of privacy?  Do we bear
a share of the responsibility for the deaths and other consequences of
terrorist attacks such as we have seen today?
Today, remailer operators are shutting down their services.  Why?
Do they feel shame and guilt at providing a service which could foster
destruction?  Maybe they should have thought of that before deciding
to run a remailer.  Or are they merely fearful of being blamed for the
attacks or their aftermath?  That would be a rather cowardly action,
to run a service which can cause harm but to run and hide as soon as
the heat is on.  (Thankfully, a number of remailer operators continue
to courageously offer their services.)
It is likely that the effects of the attack will include restrictions on
American freedoms.  Since the attacks were all carried out by hijacked
airliners, chances are that this is where security will be focused.
Increased security checks for passengers and employees are a certainty.
There may be some additional measures with wider implications.  Perhaps we
will finally see a national ID card which must be carried at all times
and shown on demand to law enforcement personnel.  Workers in sensitive
industries may have to go through more stringent background checks.  At
this point there is no indication of any significant Internet component,
so it is not too likely that we will see new restrictions there.
The net result is a decrease in the freedom that we all cherish.
This is a paradox.  The technologies we support can lead to violent
actions which end up hurting our goals.
The question we must all face, then, is whether we are doing more harm
than good?  How much good do remailers and encryption do, balanced
against the harm which they can cause?  We should all reflect on this.
We must be sure that our actions promote our goals and not set them back.

@_date: 2001-09-12 07:00:56
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: News group discussion on 9/4 about attacks? 
FBI members of this list might want to have a look here.
(Basically, a poster calling himself Xinoehpoel on the
alt.prophecies.nostradamus news group started making noise about a big
event to occur on 9/11. He also said he would be "going away" on this The thread is pretty disturbing. If this guy wasn't actually involved with
the attacks, I bet he's wishing he'd kept his mouth shut.

@_date: 2001-09-12 18:00:46
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Suffused with boredom, Lucky Green wrote,
Sure, but whose chicken?  Maybe our own policies and beliefs have turned
against us, to our detriment.  There have been a number of reports that
bin Laden uses cryptography and even steganography tools.  This could
still have a significant crypto connection.
But if not this time, then next time.  Sooner or later a catastrophe
will happen due to our technology.
Most people's worries seem narrow.  "Will I get in trouble?  Will the
software be banned?"
What about, "Should I be a contributor to the murder of thousands?  Should
I be promoting technology which could lead to a backlash against freedom?"
Some terrorists have exactly this as their goal.  They are hoping
to trigger a counter-reaction, an over-reaction, by the authorities.
They want to see a crackdown on liberties, a police state.  This will
weaken the enemy and demoralize him.  It will increase hostility and
make the population less willing to support the government.
Perhaps some readers share this view.  Tim May, spiritual leader of the
cypherpunks, has expressed support for the actions of Timothy McVeigh
in murdering schoolchildren in Oklahoma City.  He has frequently called
for the killing of every resident of Washington, D.C.  Will he now speak
out in favor of the death of tens of thousands in New York City?
Perhaps, for him, this is the true cypherpunk goal: promote murder and
catastrophe in order to trigger a spasm of Western totalitarianism,
hoping that the state will then self-destruct.
If so, then laws like the DMCA and SSSCA should be welcomed with open
arms.  Likewise with prosecutions for pornography and, even better,
bans on software technologies.  These measures work hand in hand with
the responses to terrorism in strengthening the control of the state
over the individual.
Those few remaining cypherpunks who cling to the original goal of freedom,
privacy and liberty, should face the moral issues squarely.  A case
can be made that the technologies we favor are a positive force in the
world, even though they can be used for destructive means.  But there are
arguments on both sides, especially in a world where a few people can use
the shield of anonymity to coordinate actions that lead to massive deaths.
The point is, cypherpunks must face and accept the responsibility for
the harm their technologies can cause, as they should also feel pride
in the positive effects.  And they must be able to show, at least to
themselves, that the positives outweigh the negatives.
At least, unless they are taking Tim May's view of the world, where no
deaths are too many and the blood of innocents ushers in a welcome new
age of tyranny.

@_date: 2001-09-12 20:50:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: mix patches for OpenBSD (was Re: [Remops] Re: FC: Anonymous 
Are one or both of these still necessary?
----- CUT HERE ------------
Mixmaster 2.9b23 still searches for opensslv.h in a nonexistent
the Install routine below hopefully fixes the hardcoded directory in a
manner that does not break on other OSes.
Also, OpenBSD's OpenSSL installation lacks the patented IDEA routines. Copy OpenSSL's i_cbc.c, i_cfb64.c, i_skey.c, idea.h, and idea_lcl.h to
Src.  The patch to the Makefile.in below adds them to the build.
*** Install.orig	Thu Mar 16 09:34:02 2000
--- Install	Thu Jun 29 16:39:01 2000
*** 383,389 ****
   opensslinfo="Please get OpenSSL 0.9.4 from    LIBDIR=/usr/local/ssl/lib
!  INCDIR="/usr/include /usr/include/ssl /usr/lib/ssl/include /usr/local/ssl/include"
   SRCDIR="openssl*"
   if [ "$system" = win32 ]
--- 383,389 ----
   opensslinfo="Please get OpenSSL 0.9.4 from    LIBDIR=/usr/local/ssl/lib
!  INCDIR="/usr/include /usr/include/ssl /usr/include/ssl/openssl /usr/lib/ssl/include /usr/local/ssl/include"
   SRCDIR="openssl*"
   if [ "$system" = win32 ]
*** 421,429 ****
   fi    # Find the OpenSSL version header
!  if [ -f $INCDIR/openssl/opensslv.h ]
   then
!   version=`grep 'SSL.*_VERSION_NUMBER.*0x' $INCDIR/openssl/opensslv.h | sed 's/.*0x0*//;s/[ 	].*//;s/L$//'`
   fi
   if [ "$version" = "" ]
   then
--- 421,429 ----
   fi    # Find the OpenSSL version header
!  if [ -f $INCDIR/opensslv.h ]
   then
!   version=`grep 'SSL.*_VERSION_NUMBER.*0x' $INCDIR/opensslv.h | sed 's/.*0x0*//;s/[ 	].*//;s/L$//'`
   fi
   if [ "$version" = "" ]
   then
*** Src/Makefile.in.orig        Thu Mar 16 09:34:02 2000
--- Src/Makefile.in     Thu Jun 29 16:34:35 2000
*** 23,29 ****
  RANLIB = ranlib
   = make
! OBJ = mix.o rem.o rem1.o rem2.o rem3.o chain.o chain1.o chain2.o chain3.o nym.o pgp.o pgpdb.o pgpdata.o pgpget.o pgpcreat.o pool.o mail.o rfc822.o mime.o keymgt.o compress.o stats.o crypto.o random.o util.o buffers.o
  MIXOBJ = rndseed.o menu.o menusend.o menunym.o menuutil.o
  NOMENUOBJ = rndseed.o dummy.o
--- 23,29 ----
  RANLIB = ranlib
   = make
! OBJ = mix.o rem.o rem1.o rem2.o rem3.o chain.o chain1.o chain2.o chain3.o nym.o pgp.o pgpdb.o pgpdata.o pgpget.o pgpcreat.o pool.o mail.o rfc822.o mime.o keymgt.o compress.o stats.o crypto.o random.o util.o buffers.o i_cfb64.o i_skey.o i_cbc.o
  MIXOBJ = rndseed.o menu.o menusend.o menunym.o menuutil.o
  NOMENUOBJ = rndseed.o dummy.o
----- CUT HERE ------------
OpenSSL versions are actually hexadecimal numbers, though in the past we
have been OK using them as decimals for comparison, at least in release
Now, we are using them as hexadecimal numbers to encode beta vs final
status.  This breaks Mixmaster 2.9's Install script.
The patch below fixes the version comparison so it should work with
future OpenSSL versions as well.
 * MMNNFFPPS: major minor fix patch status
 * The status nibble has one of the values 0 for development, 1 to e for betas
 * 1 to 14, and f for release.  The patch level is exactly that.
 * For example:
 * 0.9.3-dev      0x00903000
 * 0.9.3-beta1    0x00903001
 * 0.9.3-beta2-dev 0x00903002
 * 0.9.3-beta2    0x00903002 (same as ...beta2-dev)
 * 0.9.3          0x0090300f
 * 0.9.3a         0x0090301f
 * 0.9.4          0x0090400f
 * 1.2.3z         0x102031af
 *
 * For continuity reasons (because 0.9.5 is already out, and is coded
 * 0x00905100), between 0.9.5 and 0.9.6 the coding of the patch level
 * part is slightly different, by setting the highest bit.  This means
 * that 0.9.5a looks like this: 0x0090581f.  At 0.9.6, we can start
 * with 0x0090600S...
 *
 * (Prior to 0.9.3-dev a different scheme was used: 0.9.2b is 0x0922.)
 * (Prior to 0.9.5a beta1, a different scheme was used: MMNNFFRBB for
 *  major minor fix final patch/beta)
 */
*** Install.orig        Thu Mar 16 09:34:02 2000
--- Install     Thu Jun 29 15:41:00 2000
*** 383,385 ****
!  opensslinfo="Please get OpenSSL 0.9.4 from    LIBDIR=/usr/local/ssl/lib
--- 383,385 ----
!  opensslinfo="Please get OpenSSL 0.9.4 or 0.9.5a final from    LIBDIR=/usr/local/ssl/lib
*** 436,438 ****
    fi
!  elif [ "$version" -lt "920" ]
   then
--- 436,438 ----
    fi
!  elif [ "16 -lt "16 ]
   then
*** 441,443 ****
    exit 1
!  elif [ "$version" -lt "903100" ]
   then
--- 441,443 ----
    exit 1
!  elif [ "16 -lt "16 ]
   then
*** 446,448 ****
    exit 1
!  elif [ "$version" -gt "906000" ]
   then
--- 446,448 ----
    exit 1
!  elif [ "16 -gt "16 ]
   then

@_date: 2001-09-13 02:20:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
It's always amazing to see how stupid the responses are to various
messages.  There seems to be no limit to the ignorance of the cypherpunks.
It is well known that this is a motivation for many terrorists.  If you
will not believe it from an anonymous message, perhaps you will be
convinced by quotes from the two co-founders of the cypherpunks, both
of whom have said exactly the same thing in messages posted today:
Tim May wrote in 1996 and reposted today:
: Revolutionary theory says of course that this increased clampdown is a
: desired effect of terrorist bombings and attacks. Fear and doubt.
: Revolutionary ends rarely happen by slow, incremental movement. Hundreds of
: examples, from the original "bomb-throwing anarchists" to the modern mix of
: terrorist bands. The Red Brigade in Italy sought a fascist crackdown, and
: the "strategy of tension" is common. (And even revolutionists of crypto
: anarchist persuasion often think laws like the CDA are good in the long
: run, by undermining respect for authority and triggering more extreme
: reactions....)
Note his comment about how the Communications Decency Act is actually
considered good by revolutionaries of the crypto anarchist persuasion.
Know any of those?  Gee, the anonymous message made exactly the same point
earlier, that someone like Tim May would welcome crackdowns on freedom.
Eric Hughes wrote today (in a beautiful message that deserves to be
widely distributed):
: The goal of these terrorists is to : restrict freedoms in America, to steal its essence and to weaken it.  I : shall pray we do not cooperate with this their goal in a hot-headed rush to : immediate results.
The same point, made each time: that the terrorists seek to weaken America
by causing what Tim May calls an "increased clampdown", what Eric Hughes
describes as "to restrict freedoms in America", and what the anonymous
poster characterized as "a crackdown on liberties".  The difference is
that Tim May welcomes the change; Eric Hughes pleads against it; and
the anonymous poster merely calls upon cypherpunks to recognize that
they have a choice between these contrasting views.
There are two contrasting forces at the heart of the cypherpunk
philosophy, well exemplified by the two co-founders, and their messages
posted today show the difference well.
The dark anger of May versus the bright hope of Hughes.  Make your choice.

@_date: 2001-09-13 20:50:23
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: An Open Letter on Privacy and Anonymity 
It's a well written letter, unquestionably.  But there's a problem.
While the title of the letter refers to privacy and anonymity, these terms
are hardly used in the body.  Privacy is referred to only in the first
paragraph were Eric introduces himself as a founder of the cypherpunks,
a privacy organization.  And anonymity is never mentioned at all!
Any essay which purports to address a topic ought to mention it, don't
you think?  What if he had titled it, an open letter on pedophilia and
child abuse?  Would the arguments in the letter then automatically mean
that we should support those activities?
Mostly the letter contains calls for the preservation of liberty.
Unfortunately, every politician in the United States, while voting for the
most Draconian martial law curfews ever seen, would endorse each paragraph
in Eric's message.  Without some specifics tying these calls for liberty
to concrete policy questions, the letter is not as strong as it should be.
How broadly do we take this?  What about the elimination of curbside
baggage checkins at airports?  Is this a curtailment of our liberty?
Is it a sign that we have diminished ourselves?  Or is it a reasonable
precaution in the face of terrorist hijackings?
The letter from Sean Hastings suffered from the same vagueness:
No "temporary" measures?  They shouldn't have banned flights on Tuesday?
Why not, exactly?  Seemed like a wise precaution to most people.
And no furthering of short-term political goals?  The politicians have
been wanting to dip into the social security "lockbox" for months.
Now they can.  Is this wrong?  Isn't it just a matter of changing
priorities which everyone will support?
Why are we seeing such vague generalities from obviously talented writers?
Let's see people go to the heart of the issue.  If you want to argue
for privacy and anonymity, make the case!  The fact that no one will
come out and make an argument for these technologies suggests that it
is because they are afraid that any argument will be too weak to stand.
Eric Hughes, take on this challenge.  Write an essay, not in defense
of liberty, but in defense of privacy and anonymity, as you promised
in your title.  And do it at a time when some of the best leads towards
tracing these attackers are possible exactly because of a lack of privacy
and anonymity.  Tell us why the world would be a better place if it
were impossible to trace these men.  It's not an impossible argument.
But it's not easy, either, like supporting freedom.  Let's see it done,
by someone as talented as you.

@_date: 2001-09-13 21:10:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Many people have made this point, but it is so fundamentally wrong that
it's hard to believe that anyone takes it seriously.
Paper, and metal, and knives, and airplanes, and all the other things
which have been compared to anonymity tools, are different in one major
respect: it would be an inconceivable hardship to ban them.
They all have important uses for other things than committing crimes.
To ban paper or airplanes or knives would eliminate all those other uses.
Imagine a society without paper.  It could not function.  Likewise,
eliminating those other technologies would at minimum cause tremendous
harm to everyone's lives.
Can we really say the same thing about cryptography?  About steganography
tools?  About the anonymous mail services which bin Laden has been
reported to have used (yesterday on TV it was mentioned several times)?
Would commerce grind to a halt if we didn't have anonymous remailers?
Of course not.  The same with PGP and SSL and other crypto technologies
that are available to everyone.
The fact is, crypto as we know it is a luxury.  It didn't even exist ten
years ago.  None of the crypto tools we use did.  We can hardly make a
case that banning or restricting access to them will send us back into
the stone age.
Please, let's end these spurious arguments that providers of crypto tools
are no different than the people who make the metal in the airplane wings.
There's a big difference, which anyone with an ounce of sense can see.
Banning airplanes is not an option.  Banning crypto is.

@_date: 2001-09-14 00:20:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
It's astonishing that you should say this.  It is at exactly this time
that soul searching is most appropriate.  Now is when you should ask
yourself:  Am I doing the right thing?  Am I making the world a better
You don't have to convince some devil's advocate.  Just convince yourself.
You're about to begin running a remailer.  Apparently you haven't done
so before.  Well, it should be quite an education.  Keep it up for a
year and you'll be more qualified to judge whether this technology is
good or bad, on balance.  One thing is certain: if you go into it just
because you think it will be an "interesting project", you won't stay
with it for long.

@_date: 2001-09-14 06:40:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
Hmmm! Could it be that most people who aren't sheeple agree with him?

@_date: 2001-09-14 07:00:18
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: A Call for a Chorus of Voices 
In these days after the World Trade Center attacks, calls are being heard
for restrictions on access to the technologies of privacy.  As more
and more communications go by e-mail, chat rooms and cell phones,
our intelligence and law enforcement agencies are beginning to rely
on surveillance of these systems in order to collect information about
dangers to society.  Early reports suggest that some of the information
about the terrorists has come from monitored cell phone signals.
These monitoring and surveillance operations are threatened by
new technologies based on cryptography.  No longer just for spies,
cryptography can be used to encrypt e-mail, chat messages, and even
telephone communications so that they are hidden from outsiders.  Exotic
cryptographic technologies potentially provide even more protection for
terrorists as they plan and coordinate attacks.
Osama bin Laden, the figure most often named as a possible mastermind
of the terrorist strikes, is said to have trained his operatives
in the use of these technologies in order to communicate securely.
They encrypt messages and then use the related technology called
steganography to embed them undetectably in pictures, music and other
seemingly innocent data.  They are said to use anonymous mail accounts to
deliver these messages to chat rooms and bulletin boards where they can be
downloaded by other agents.  This allows the group members to communicate
completely undetectably.  Not only that, it preserves the terrorist
"cell" structure -  different members don't have to know the identity
or even email addresses of others in order to communicate.  All they
need to know is in what public forum to look for and leave messages.
Their identities are completely protected through these technologies.
Clearly, cryptographic privacy and anonymity are tremendously valuable
to terrorists, and tremendously obstructive to the efforts of law
enforcement to use electronic surveillance.  Representatives of these
organizations have warned for years that criminals and terrorists would
begin making use of cryptographic technologies, and their fears have
now been realized.  Under the present circumstances, legislators are
beginning to call for restrictions on access to cryptographic technology.
Old proposals are being revived to require that all encryption systems
contain a "back door" which would allow law enforcement access to the
contents of a communication.
We face many dangers at this moment.  The smoking ruins where some
of our proudest buildings once stood, temporary tombs to thousands of
innocent dead, plainly demonstrate the difficulties ahead.  Under the
circumstances it is appropriate for us to consider the balance between
security and freedom which we will adopt as we prosecute a new kind
of war.  As in past wars, sacrifices will be necessary for all of us.
No one should underestimate the hardships ahead.
At the same time, it is important to remember what we are fighting for.
It's not just revenge for the people killed and the buildings destroyed.
We are fighting for our way of life.  If we ignore terrorism, we will
live in fear, always wondering what new horror will be dropping from
the skies.  We will be restricted in how we live, what we do, where
we go.  Our legacy as free Americans will be lost.  This is why we fight.
We fight for freedom.
Given these goals, restricting access to cryptography must be understood
to be a complex issue.  It's not as simple as taking tools out of the
hand of bin Laden and other terrorists.  Cracking down on cryptography
will reduce the freedom of all Americans while failing to effectively
eliminate the use of the technology by those who threaten us.
The fundamental problem is that the tools already exist which allow
terrorists to communicate securely.  Many of them are in the form of free
software, distributed on hundreds of thousands of computers around the
world, which can be run on any ordinary PC.  Much of it was developed
by private individuals for their own use, and then donated to the world.
Any new law to limit cryptographic technology would have no effect
on the use of this large base of existing software and hardware.
Steganography and related technologies will make it impossible to detect
the use of now-forbidden software.  The new breed of terrorists from bin
Laden's training schools will continue to be able to use these tools.
Laws will be ineffective in preventing their use.
The only real effect of these laws would be to prevent honest Americans
from communicating with true privacy.  They are the ones who would
honor the ban and they would be the only ones effected.  They would have
their privacy taken away while bin Laden and his associates are able to
communicate with perfect secrecy.
While not many citizens make use of cryptographic technology now, experts
predict that it will be increasingly important in the future.  In an
Internet where attacks of all sorts are becoming ever more sophisticated
and numerous, cryptography will be a central technology in building the
secure systems of the future.  Limiting and restricting cryptography
will only make the Internet less secure.
When proposals for restrictions on cryptography first surfaced in the
1990s, security experts carefully analyzed the suggestions.  The response,
virtually unanimous, was that putting back doors in cryptography would
reduce its reliability, security, and efficiency, while increasing costs.
Any back door is a potential security hole.  The hackers and crackers
who are expert at exploiting flaws are going to be given a new set of
targets for their attacks.
Indeed, in the years since, a number of incidents have confirmed these
fears.  Last year, for example, the widely used PGP encryption software
was found to have a vulnerability related to the "Additional Decryption
Key", a feature added to the commercial version for back door access to
messages by corporate management.  Attackers could specify fake Additional
Decryption Keys and get them accepted by the software, allowing them to
read any message sent.  The inherent complexity in the implementation
of the Additional Decryption Key feature left a security hole open,
exactly as had been predicted.
Any requirement for government access back doors would undoubtedly lead
to similar weaknesses in other systems.  And next time the problems
might not be found by someone who was willing to reveal them publicly
so that they could be fixed.  In a world where all fielded cryptographic
technology had mandatory back doors, discovery of an exploit could be used
for financial gain, information warfare, or even new forms of terrorism.
It is certain that the Chinese and other competitors on the world stage
would put their best analysts on the job of finding weaknesses which
they could exploit in the future.
Restrictions on cryptography would weaken our Internet infrastructure
without achieving their goal of precluding use of the technology by
those who threaten us.  They are a bad idea for both of these reasons,
but there is a more fundamental objection as well.
The point of our war on terrorism is to preserve our freedom, our way
of life.  We cannot allow ourselves to take shortcuts in this battle
which eliminate fundamental freedoms.  And nothing is more fundamental
than our freedom of speech and communication.  It is enshrined in the
very first amendment to the constitution.
Cryptography is fundamentally a form of free speech.  It is the freedom to
speak privately and anonymously.  Yes, it can be exploited by criminals.
But that is the price we must pay as a country which is dedicated to the
ideals of freedom.  We accept the risk of allowing criminals their freedom
to communicate because we value and cherish this as a fundamental right.
We will not allow our country to be turned into an Orwellian surveillance
state, where every word we speak and every deed we do occurs under the
eyes of government agents.  The very idea is anathema to Americans.
But this is exactly what is being called for by those who propose to
forbid citizens to communicate in a manner which cannot be heard and
understood by the government.
We face challenges ahead, and we must find a balance between security
and freedom.  But we must not allow ourselves to be blinded by fear
and panic, so that we discard truly fundamental freedoms in what will
ultimately be a futile attempt to increase security.  This would be the
worst of both worlds.  We would have lost a major element of freedom
of speech, the freedom to communicate without government surveillance.
And we would have failed to effectively prevent terrorists from using
cryptographic technologies to their own ends.

@_date: 2001-09-14 07:20:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: (no subject) 
And you will, presumably, post the availability of same when done? I too
am readying a remailer, but am holding back until I can build a cdrom based
server, for one so I don't need to worry about hackers, for two so I don't
have to worry about logs. Also want to make that box a freenet and mojo
server. I'm running 2.9beta23 now, seems to work okay, but haven't
published the keys yet because of the above. And since they'd be changing
soon anyway.

@_date: 2001-09-14 18:40:27
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Enemies List 
Chefren - On behalf of the civilized readers of the cypherpunks list,
please accept our apology for the implied threats of violence against you
by Tim May.  He is by no means representative of the larger readership.
He is alone in calling for the death of those who hold views different
from his own.
You and other critics have every right to speak your mind and make your
position known.  Indeed, the cypherpunks were founded on the principle
of advancing freedom of speech.  It is a sad and tragic irony that one
of the founders of that group has descended into a despicable allegiance
to violence.  Long-term subscribers have seen it happen gradually over the
It seemed to many that the Y2K non-disaster was the last straw.  Tim May
was one of the worst of the Y2K paranoids, spewing hostility at anyone
who dared to suggest that the event might not be a catastrophe, that the
government was not engaging in a cover-up or planning to install itself as
a dictatorship.  The original purpose of the cypherpunks mailing list was
forgotten as Tim May turned it into a forum for discussing gun ownership,
preparations for disaster, and mechanisms for revenge.
Many of us have been forced to use the shield of anonymity so that
our voices may be heard without fear of the violent retribution that
Tim May so often threatens.  His frequent boasts of carrying weapons,
his talk of a large arsenal, his calls for bloody revenge, all instill
a genuine fear in those who would disagree with him.
Very few list members have ever dared to speak up in opposition to even
the most outrageous statements made by Tim May.  When he said that he was
becoming convinced that Tim McVeigh had done the right thing in killing
hundreds of innocents, only an anonymous poster was willing to take him
sharply to task.  When he wrote that what he calls "the colored race"
was heading for "the trash heap of history", adding "fuck 'em", only
an anonymous poster spoke out against this outrageous demonstration
of racism.
Why?  Is it because all list subscribers agree with terrorist actions
like McVeigh's?  (Tim May has even hinted that he welcomes the recent
WTC attack!)  Is it because all list subscribers are racists who wish to
see their own race rise to dominance?  Surely not.  Rather, most readers
are intimidated into silence.  They don't speak up because they fear
the consequences.  Tim May has shown all too many times how sensitive
he is to even the slightest criticism.  He has a furious temper, as you,
Chefren, have discovered.  And he does not hesitate to threaten death.
So please, don't imagine that because Tim May has added you to his
enemies list, you are in any danger from the thousands of cypherpunks who
subscribe to the mailing list.  The vast majority abhor intimidation and
threats.  Indeed, most readers came to the cypherpunks out of a desire
to build a society where speech would always be free, where violence
would be impotent.  This is why we have worked on the technologies of
cryptography and anonymity.
It is sad and ironic that we are forced to resort to these methods, which
were intended as a shield against a hostile outside world, here on our
own list.  It is the only way that many of us can speak openly and freely
and without fear.  This is the injury which Tim May has inflicted upon the
group.  Fortunately the tools are available, and even his violent threats,
his rants and his rage cannot silence those who would speak their minds.
Again, on behalf of those of us who do not believe in violent revenge,
who believe in freedom of speech for all, please accept this apology.

@_date: 2001-09-14 22:10:28
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Winds of War 
Tim May, a notoriously bad prognosticator (remember the "Thanksgiving
Yes, most people expect this.
Very unlikely as far as the remailers.  It looks like there may be
some proposals for crypto limitations, but it will be a hard fight.
Every interested party who fought last time will be dusting off their
old arguments.  Cryptographers like Matt Blaze and others have already
made their intentions clear on the crypto mailing list.
Absolutely not.  Completely absurd.  You must have forgotten to take
your anti paranoia pills again.
As for the Reichstag Fire, for the history impaired this was an attack
secretly engineered by the Nazis to give them an excuse to seize power.
The implication is that the United States government arranged for the
WTC attack!  Only someone in the grips of clinical paranoia could make
such a suggestion.  Tim May is really losing it now.
Right, ninja troops carrying away bespectacled, nerdly remailer operators.
Here's a better fantasy.  They'll hire $1000/night superhookers and
seduce the remailer operators into giving up their keys.  Both have
about equal chances of reality.
If the government really does care about remailers, chances are Carnivore
is already more than up to the task.  Cryptographic analyses have shown
many times how weak the current remailer network is.  See below for a
list of attacks on remailers from the guys at Zero-Knowledge.  Add in
the ability to penetrate systems and steal their keys and the remailer
network provides far from terrorist-grade security.
Far better for the spooks to leave the network running and provide the
illusion of security in the hopes that criminals will trust it.  If they
take it down they'll just drive the terrorists further underground.
The United States government has no interest in killing remailer
operators!  Please try to keep some semblance of a grip on reality.
See above, there are better solutions to remailers from the point of
view of law enforcement.  Yes, Carnivore may be part of the plan, but
there's no reason for the remailer operator to know about it.
Even as fantasy, this is deteriorating...
Starring... Tim May, of course.  It is sad that this once brilliant mind
has been reduced by isolation and bitterness into constructing these
paranoid fantasies.
There are already many voices warning against weakening the Constitution.
You won't have to wait 20 years for sanity to prevail.
War is coming, against Afghanistan and other Arab organizations.  On that
part you were right.  The rest of it is just your paranoid ravings.
Because you'll be embarrassed to have been proven wrong once again?
A few kinds of remailer attacks:
Brute Force Attack
Node Flushing Attack (aka Spam Attack)
Timing Attack
Communication Pattern Attack
Packet Counting Attack
Intersection Attack
Denial of Service Attack
User Reaction Attack
Sting Attack
Distinguished Message Attack
Message Delaying Attack
Message Tagging Attack

@_date: 2001-09-15 16:50:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
And fingering bin Laden wouldn't be just as evil? It would be for one of
his followers, now wouldn't it? Evil is relative. Would you become Judas
Iscariot -- for how many shekels? And if you say that as someone close
to bin Laden, you would rat on him for money, how about us, how about
your friends and family here in the US? What's the price for them?

@_date: 2001-09-15 21:40:25
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Freedom of speech is for "Cypherpunk critics" too 
If you're upset that "critics of the Cypherpunks" are able to speak
freely then you shouldn't have supported the technologies that enable
them to do so.  Free speech is for everyone, not just those who toe your
line of violence and blood revenge.

@_date: 2001-09-16 07:10:19
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Scientologists hinder WTC efforts 
Additionally we are trying to move in and knock the psychs out of counseling to the grieving families and that could take another 100 plus people right now. Due to some brilliant maneuvering by some simply genius Sea Org Members we tied up the majority of the psychs who were attempting to get to families yesterday in Q&A, bullbait and wrangling. They have a hard time completing cycles of action and are pretty easy to disperse. But today they are out in full force and circling like vultures over these people and all of our resources are tied up in the support efforts in the disaster zone at present.

@_date: 2001-09-16 22:30:37
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
The movement to rebuild the World Trade Center towers is gaining momentum,
and American capitalism is stepping up to the plate.  The latest corporate
giant to sign on as a sponsor is Target Stores.  Their only requirement
is that their corporate logo be painted high on each tower.  The Target
logo is a gigantic red bullseye.

@_date: 2001-09-17 20:00:29
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Representative Barbara Lee 
Only one member of Congress had the courage to stand up against the
crowd in the rush to authorize retaliation under the War Powers Act.
It has been characterized as "essentially a declaration of war":
  Authorization for Use of United States Armed Forces
  (a) That the president is authorized to use all necessary and
  appropriate force against those nations, organizations, or persons
  he determines planned, authorized, committed, or aided the
  terrorist attacks that occurred on Sept. 11, 2001, or harbored such
  organizations or persons, in order to prevent any future acts of
  international terrorism against the United States by such nations,
  organizations or persons.
  The measure passed 98-0 in the Senate and 420-1 in the House.
The lone dissenter was Representative Barbara Lee, an African-American
woman representing Alameda, across the bay from San Francisco.
No doubt their long experience with violence at the hands of the US
government and the white majority makes African Americans, and especially
African American women, skeptical about the efficacy of using military
force to deal with the threats before us.
Cypherpunks should salute their African American sisters and thank
Representative Lee for her courage in standing alone at this challenging
time.  A short note expressing appreciation would be appropriate.
Ms. Lee might be worth cultivating for support on other Cypherpunk causes.
In fact since she lives nearby, she could be invited to attend a future
Cypherpunk physical meeting in order to further increase ties between
Cypherpunks and the black community.  Both groups share skepticism about
government law enforcement efforts which could make the partnership
effective and productive, even though they may not agree in all areas.

@_date: 2001-09-19 19:10:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
These are good points, but they don't go far enough.
It is time for everyone to adopt Tim May's policy that those who disagree
on political matters deserve to be killed.  Imagine the simplification
of political life which would result.
What if the Founding Fathers had such policies?  History would be much
more interesting for students to study.  "I declare that the legislature
should have one house!"  "No, I claim that it should have two houses!"
"Fiend!"  "Scoundrel!"  (FFs whip out muskets and shoot each other.)
We could eliminate voting altogether.  Instead everyone would get together
in a large arena.  People favoring the various positions would gather
into groups, then on a signal each person would attempt to shoot and
kill all those in the other groups.  Whichever group was most numerous
would have some survivors left standing who would go out and try to keep
society running.
This is the Promised Land to which Tim May offers to lead us.  Government
by bloodshed.  A democracy of death.
One wonders how long Tim May himself would last in such a society?  It
wouldn't take much of his arrogant blustering before someone decided that
he had "earned killing".  He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword.

@_date: 2001-09-20 19:00:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: [Fwd: [biofuel] Global atomic agency confesses little can be 
There's a simple solution for this, as well as for many of the other
jumbo-jet-attack scenarios.  Go back to an earlier suggestion by Lucky
: Which of course represents the crux of the issue. The passengers aboard the
: aircraft, the workers in the towers, and the emergency personnel on the
: ground are dead for two reasons: the US unreasonably meddling in other
: People's affairs until they crack, and the extremist gun control measures in
: place in the US today, preventing law-abiding citizens from carrying the
: firearm of their choice aboard a commercial aircraft. Who could deny that a
: few citizens armed with their personal handguns could have stopped two or
: three of guys armed with mere box cutters?
This is a good idea, but it doesn't go far enough.  Guns are not the answer.
Anti-aircraft missiles are the answer.
We should have a government program to distribute anti-aircraft missiles.
Every able-bodied American should be armed with one.  Stinger missiles
use a shoulder launch carrier and can be fired without much technical
Any time an aircraft appears to be off course or behaving oddly, anyone
in the area can shoot it down.  This will be much safer and more reliable
than a gunfight on the airplane.
Let's seem 'em go after our nuclear plants or dams, knowing that vigilant
Americans stand ready to defend these structures with lethal force,
never mind the cost in lives!  After all, the more arms people possess,
the safer the world will be.  That seems to be the philosophy of prominent
Stay tuned for: Why should only TERRORISTS have suitcase nukes?

@_date: 2001-09-21 19:50:33
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Avoid hard targets tomorrow 
>AMERICA and the West are bracing themselves for another potential
 >"Day of Infamy" this Saturday, when accomplices of the hijackers are
 >suspected of having plotted new outrages.
It would be stupid to hit now.  The terrorists will wait until after
the U.S. takes overt action.  Their counter-blow will then have the
most impact.  If Americans learn that every time their troops attack,
American civilians die, it will increase pressure to end the campaign.
Terrorists might have scheduled something for Saturday, on the assumption
that the U.S. would have attacked by now.  But the unexpected restraint on
the part of the U.S. leadership will require a revision to the timetable.
 >The three, Ahmed Hanna, 33, Karim Koubriti, 23, and
 >Farouk Ali-Halmoud, 21, from Morocco and Algeria, worked at Detroit
 >Metropolitan Airport preparing food for airlines.
Is this why the airlines are going to stop serving food?

@_date: 2001-09-26 16:40:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Tim's idea of a closed circuit TV is the best approach, and something I've been thinking of for a long time. By far the best way to interact with anyone you didn't want around. You'd want to couple it with a computerized voice interface that made it sound, at least, that they were dealing with a machine. "State your full name"
"Face the camera"
"Turn face left"
"Turn face right"
"Hold ID up to camera"
"State business"
 and at some point a speaker off to the side or behind them could emit the distinct sound of a 12ga pump action being being worked, followed by a:
"Leave property now"

@_date: 2001-09-27 21:50:29
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
You are full of shit.  The smallpox vaccine is not made from cowpox
or from smallpox (variola) virus.  It is made from the vaccinia virus.
Did you ever wonder where the word "vaccine" comes from?
The reason routine smallpox vaccinations ended was because some people
have a bad reaction to the vaccinia virus, even though a strain is used
that is generally benign.  Since the vaccination was thought to confer
no benefit and does carry some risk, it was discontinued.
Do a google search on "smallpox vaccine" next time before you spout off
with ignorant garbage like this.

@_date: 2002-08-03 01:40:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Other uses of TCPA 
I think that people are beginning to understand that TCPA is not a
black and white issue.  It is neither the overwhelming threat that some
activists are describing, nor the panacea that the vendors are selling.
It is a technology with strengths and weaknesses.
As an exercise, try thinking of ways you could use TCPA to promote "good
guy" applications.  What could you do in a P2P network if you could
trust that all participants were running approved software?  And if you
could prevent third parties, including hostile governments, from seeing
the data being used by that software?  You may be surprised to find that
if you look at it with an open mind, TCPA could be a tremendous boon to
freedom-oriented technologies.  From file sharing to crypto protocols
to digital cash, TCPA lets you expand the trusted computing base to
the entire set of participating machines.  It's really a tremendously
powerful technology.
The biggest problem, ironically, is that TCPA may not be secure enough.
It's one thing to make video piracy difficult, it's another matter to keep
the Chinese government from prying into the sealed storage.  But with
future generations of TCPA integrated onto CPUs with improved tamper
resistance, it will be much more difficult to defeat the protections.
It may turn out that TCPA can significantly facilitate cypherpunk goals.

@_date: 2002-08-03 20:10:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Other uses of TCPA 
You've said this a few times, and while it is a plausible goal of the
designers, I don't actually see this specific capability in the TCPA spec,
nor is it mentioned in the Palladium white paper.
For TCPA, you'd have to have the software as a blob which is encrypted
to some key that is locked in the TPM.  But the problem is that the
endorsement key is never leaked except to the Privacy CA, so the content
provider can't encrypt to that key.  Then there are Identity keys which
are short-term generated keys that get signed by the Privacy CA, but
these are primarily used to prove that you are running a TCPA system.
I'm not even sure if they are decryption keys.  In any case they are
supposed to be relatively transient.  You get a new one each time you go
online so that your web activities are not linkable.  So I don't think
Identity keys would be very suitable for locking software too, either.
I admit that it would be unlikely for Microsoft to go to all the trouble
of creating Palladium, without using it to solve its own severe software
piracy problems.  So I certainly wouldn't be surprised to see some way
of achieving what you are talking about.  But it is not mentioned in the
white paper, and TCPA doesn't seem to support it very well.  If it was,
as you say, "the application it was designed to perform," this fact is
far from apparent in the design documents.

@_date: 2002-08-12 16:20:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: On the outright laughability of internet "democracy" 
160 lines, 1,150 words, 6,393 characters, all insisting on describing his being guthooked, sinker eating, line chewing and flopping up into the greasy bilge, furiously spewing offense and defense, in serious, righteous and angry pursuit of the diaphanous illusion of anoned bait-spilth, becoming clearly the easiest, but also the lowest calorie catch o' the day. Back over the side with you, little fellow.
Good fish. Thank you for playing.

@_date: 2002-08-20 08:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh on politics and DMCA 
Congratulations to Declan McCullagh for two recent articles which
challenge the conventional wisdom of the cyber rights crowd.
Last week it was arguing the futility of political participation in a world where
government is dominated by powerful economic interests.  Instead he
quotes cypherpunks Adam Back and Lance Cottrell to the effect that a
better approach is to change the terms of the debate by writing code
that creates technology.
(Bizarrely, he refers to "the motto of the Cypherpunks" while managing
to actually avoid saying "cypherpunks write code".  Maybe we can blame
the editor for that omission.)
Now at  Declan steps
into the viper's nest by coming out against DMCA sensationalism on the
part of the EFF.  He refers to "overly aggressive advocacy" by the EFF,
and provides quotes describing their efforts as "fear-mongering".
He quotes Orin Kerr, law professor at GWU:
"Opponents of the DMCA want to dramatize its effects, so they want people
to believe that the law is incredibly broad," Kerr says. "If the public
believes that the DMCA is stopping Professor Felten and other researchers
from conducting legitimate research, then that is a major victory for
opponents of the law."
All this is anathema to the slashdot crowd, of course.  The last thing
they want to hear is that DMCA isn't as bad as they've been told.
Again, kudos to Declan for taking a stance which is sure to be unpopular
and controversial among his supporters.  I may have to take back all
the nasty things I have said about him over the years.  Now let's see
what he has to say about Palladium...

@_date: 2002-08-21 01:00:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Chaum's unpatented ecash scheme 
David Chaum gave a talk at the Crypto 2002 conference recently in which
he briefly presented a number of interesting ideas, including an approach
to digital cash which he himself said would "avoid the ecash patents".
The diagram he showed was as follows:
        Optimistic Authenticator
                                     z = x^s
Payer         f(m)^a z^b             Bank
      ----------------------------->
            [f(m)^a z^b]^s
      <-----------------------------
               m, f(m)^s
      ----------------------------->
It's hard to figure out what this means, but it bears resemblance to a
scheme discussed on the Coderpunks list in 1999, a variant on a blinding
method developed by David Wagner.  See
 at toad.com/msg02323.html for a
description, with a sketch of a proof of blindness at
 at toad.com/msg02387.html and
 at toad.com/msg02388.html.
In Chaum's diagram it is not clear which parts of the key are private and
which public, although z is presumably public.  Since the bank's action
is apparently to raise to the s power, s must be secret.  That suggests
that x is public.  However Chaum's system seems to require dividing by
(z^b)^s in order to unblind the value, and if s is secret, that doesn't
seem possible.
In Wagner's scheme everything was like this except that the bank's key
would be expressed as x = z^s, again with x and z public and s secret.
f(m) would be a one-way function, which gets doubly-blinded by being
raised to the a power and multiplied by z^b, where a and b are randomly
chosen blinding factors.  The bank raises this to its secret power s,
and the user unblinds to form f(m)^s.  To later deposit the coin he does
as in the third step, sending m and f(m)^s to the bank.
For the unblinding, the user can divide by (z^b)^s, which equals z^(b*s),
which equals (z^s)^b, which equals x^b.  Since x is public and the user
chose b, he can unblind the value.  Maybe the transcription above of the
Chaum scheme had a typo and it was actually similar to the Wagner method.
Chaum commented that the payer does not receive a signature in this
system, and that he doesn't need one because he is protected against
misbehavior by the bank.  This is apparently where the scheme gets
its name.

@_date: 2002-08-22 08:50:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Chaum's unpatented ecash scheme 
Actually the scheme described based on Chaum's talk (corrected for
probable typos) is essentially what you describe in your paper as the
Type II Defence, in section 5.  Your analysis shows that it is not
vulnerable to marking and is anonymous.
Speaking of anonymous, you should give credit in your paper to Anonymous
for discovering the possibility of marking Lucre coins, in a coderpunks
posting at
 at toad.com/msg02186.html, and for
inventing the Type II Defence, both in the posting above and amplifed
at  at toad.com/msg02323.html.
It may seem pointless to credit anonymous postings, but it makes the
historical record more clear.

@_date: 2002-08-28 23:00:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cryptographic privacy protection in TCPA 
Carl Ellison suggested an alternate way that TCPA could work to allow
for revoking virtualized TPMs without the privacy problems associated
with the present systems, and the technical problems of the elaborate
cryptographic methods.
Consider first the simplest possible method, which is just to put a
single signature key in each TPM and allow the TPM to use that to sign
its messages on the net.  This is reliable and allows TPM keys to be
revoked, but it obviously offers no privacy.  Every usage of a TPM key
can be correlated as coming from a single system.
TCPA fixed this by adding a trusted third party, the "Identity CA" who
would be the only one to see the TPM key.  But Carl offers a different
Instead of burning only one key into the TPM, burn several.  Maybe even
a hundred.  And let these keys be shared with other TPMs.  Each TPM has
many keys, and each key has copies in many TPMs.
Now let the TPMs use their various keys to identify themselves in
transactions on the net.  Because each key belongs to many different
TPMs, and the set of TPMs varies for each key, this protects privacy.
Any given usage of a key can be narrowed down only to a large set of
TPMs that possess that key.
If a key is misused, i.e. "scraped" out of the TPM and used to create a
virtualized, rule-breaking software TPM, it can be revoked.  This means
that all the TPMs that share that one key lose the use of that key.
But it doesn't matter much, because they each have many more they can use.
Since it is expected that only a small percentage of TPMs will ever need
their keys revoked, most TPMs should always have plenty of keys to use.
One problem is that a virtualized TPM which loses one of its keys will
still have others that it can use.  Eventually those keys will also be
recognized as being mis-used and be revoked as well.  But it may take
quite a while before all the keys on its list are exhausted.
To fix this, Carl suggests that the TPM manufacturer keep a list of all
the public keys that are in each TPM.  Then when a particular TPM has
some substantial fraction of its keys revoked, that would be a sign that
the TPM itself had been virtualized and all the rest of the keys could be
immediately revoked.  The precise threshold for this would depend on the
details of the system, the number of keys per TPM, the number of TPMs that
share a key, the percentage of revoked keys, etc.  But it should not be
necessary to allow each TPM to go through its entire repertoire of keys,
one at a time, before a virtualized TPM can be removed from the system.
Carl indicated that he suggested this alternative early in the TCPA
planning process, but it was not accepted.  It does seem that while
the system has advantages, in some ways it shares the problems of the
alternatives.  It provides privacy, but not complete privacy, not as
much as the cryptographic schemes.  And it provides security to the TPM
issuers, but not complete security, not as much as the Privacy CA method.
In this way it can be seen as a compromise.  Often, compromise solutions
are perceived more in terms of their disadvantages than their benefits.

@_date: 2002-12-10 21:20:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Hooray for TIA 
[I'm not happy with the tone of this, but I'm forwarding it as privacy
 politics is pretty clearly on topic... --Perry]
For years we cypherpunks have been telling you people that you are
responsible for protecting your own privacy.  Use cash for purchases, look
into offshore accounts, protect your online privacy with cryptography
and anonymizing proxies.  But did you listen?  No.  You thought to
trust the government.  You believed in transparency.  You passed laws,
for Freedom of Information, and Protection of Privacy, and Insurance
Accountability, and Fair Lending Practices.
And now the government has turned against you.  It's Total Information
Awareness program is being set up to collect data from every database
possible.  Medical records, financial data, favorite web sites and email
addresses, all will be brought together into a centralized office where
every detail can be studied in order to build a profile about you.
All those laws you passed, those government regulations, are being
bypassed, ignored, flushed away, all in the name of National Security.
Well, we fucking told you so.
And don't try blaming the people in charge.  You liberals are cursing
Bush, and Ashcroft, and Poindexter.  These laws were passed by the entire
U.S. Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike.  Representatives have
the full support of the American people; most were re-elected with
large margins.  It's not Bush and company who are at fault, it's the
whole idea that you can trust government to protect your privacy.
All that data out there has been begging to be used.  It was only a
matter of time.
And you know what?  It's good that this has happened.  Not only has
it shown the intellectual bankruptcy of trust-the-government privacy
advocates, it proves what cypherpunks have been saying all along, that
people must protect their own privacy.  The only way to keep your privacy
safe is to keep the data from getting out there in the first place.
Cypherpunks have consistently promoted two seemingly contradictory
ideas.  The first is that people should protect data about themselves.
The second is that they should have full access and usability for
data they acquire about others.  Cypherpunks have supported ideas like
Blacknet, and offshore data havens, places where data could be collected,
consolidated and sold irrespective of government regulations.  The same
encryption technologies which help people protect their privacy can be
used to bypass attempts by government to control the flow of data.
This two-pronged approach to the problem produces a sort of Darwinian
competition between privacy protectors and data collectors.  It's not
unlike the competition between code makers and code breakers, which has
led to amazing enhancements in cryptography technology over the past
few decades.  There is every reason to expect that a similar level of
improvement and innovation can and will eventually develop in privacy
protection and data management as these technologies continue to be
But in the mean time, three cheers for TIA.  It's too bad that it's the
government doing it rather than a shadowy offshore agency with virtual
tentacles into the net, but the point is being made all the same.
Now more than ever, people need privacy technology.  Government is not
the answer.  It's time to start protecting ourselves, because nobody
else is going to do it for us.

@_date: 2002-12-11 02:40:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Anonymous blogging 
I get a lot of compliments on my anonymous posts here.  Thanks very
much guys, keep those cards and letters coming.
But cypherpunks isn't that great a forum for publishing ideas.  Take a
look at  to
see the unfiltered list feed.  Sure, no subscriber with half a clue
actually sees it like this, but that's how it looks to the outside world.
It's tough to find the nuggets of enlightenment buried amongst the crap.
I'd like to start publishing a blog.  But of course given the sensitivity
of my position and the boldness of my arguments, it's important that
there be strong anonymity protection.
Does anyone have advice on how to get started with anonymous blogging?
I have access to Windows, Linux and Mac systems, and I could go through
anonymizer.com or some other service if necessary.  Ideally I'd like to
use one of the turnkey blog clients for ease of setup and use.  Thanks
for your suggestions.

@_date: 2002-01-01 11:10:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: CP movies?  
There was once an effort here to list CP relevent prose.
How about a list of CP relevent moving pictures (and why
relevent)? Enemy of the State ---for surveillance and conspiracy
GATTACA ---for biometrics, identity fraud, surveillance
more? [NB: this isn't moot; I've bought book$ on the recommendation/
reputation of some here; I'd certainly rent a videotape, though not a DVD..  :-]
[PS: please *don't* recommend "hacker" (fnord) crap like swordfish, sneakers, gag, etc.  I am uncertain whether to encourage (e.g., documentary) TV segments --there are lots of these but they may be harder to find.  Probably for the sake of Future Historians
they should be accepted.]

@_date: 2002-01-01 21:40:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: AOL blocks Harvard acceptance email as spam 
AOL Glitch Blocks Harvard    Admissions Office's E-Mails to Dozens            of Prospective Students
                       The Associated Press
                      Published: Jan 1, 2002
      BOSTON (AP) - Dozens of e-mail messages telling Harvard University  applicants whether they had been admitted never arrived last month after America  Online interpreted the messages as junk e-mail.
 "This wasn't exactly the instant response we intended," William Fitzsimmons,  Harvard's dean of admissions and financial aid, told The Boston Globe.
 After anthrax spores were mailed through the U.S. postal system, Harvard began  using e-mail to inform applicants quickly of whether they had been rejected or  accepted. E-mail was used to notify almost all of the 6,000 students who applied  in the school's early admission process.
 But for reasons that even AOL could not explain, the service blocked between 75  and 100 of the e-mails in December because the servers flagged the messages  as "spam," the unwanted e-mails that clog users' mailboxes. The messages were  bounced back to the university.
 "Spam is our number one problem. But it's hard to say what would have caused  the system to filter e-mail from Harvard," AOL spokesman Nicholas Graham said.
 The problem proved to be more trouble for Harvard than it was for the students.  Most just telephoned the admissions office to find out if they had been accepted.
 Admissions officers plan to begin posting a notice on the college Web site telling  students to make sure their Internet service doesn't block Harvard e-mail.
 And, as ever, the college will continue to use the postal system to notify  applicants.
Got Osama?

@_date: 2002-01-02 20:30:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Dissent == terrorism 
U.N. Fears Abuses of Terror Mandate
Excerpt: Insulting Mugabe May Be Outlawed
On Dec. 20, the Cuban legislature, with President Fidel Castro
presiding, unanimously passed a law that state media said expanded
the application of capital punishment for crimes defined as terrorism,
including the use of the Internet to incite political violence.
A week earlier, the government of Zimbabwe published a proposed
law that would make it a crime to "undermine the authority of or insult"
President Robert Mugabe, who is again seeking reelection. Mugabe's
aides defended the legislation as necessary to combat terrorists, a
category they said includes most of the president's opponents as well
as critical journalists.
Hey Mugabe give us your home address we'll bill your estate
for the bullet you'll receive before you can hear it.

@_date: 2002-01-07 06:40:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Seveso in the Summer 
Seveso, Italy, is a real fun place to visit.  Roll up your windows.
How do you spell relief? C-A-R-C-A-N-O

@_date: 2002-01-10 18:00:17
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: pseudo-anarchists like mattd can be self moderated! 
hey mattd,
         you really should use better manners, I personally have gotten tired
of reading your drivel, accordingly you have started to suffer the same
fate as detweiler, cohen, vulis and others. Hoped you liked the little
procmail thingie, our former resident book author, bill arnold loved it,
As well as the other version which outed all of his postings directly
to his supervisors in the school system. havent seen old Bill for about a
couple of years now.:)        with malice aforthought
      anonymous tentacle p.s. some of us only watch, wait and strike

@_date: 2002-01-15 17:00:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: New crime: lying about an aviation radio 
Monday January 14 3:19 PM ET
New Info on Student With Pilot Radio
By LUKAS I. ALPERT, Associated Press Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - An Egyptian student charged with lying about an aviation
radio found in his hotel room near the World Trade Center on Sept. 11
was in the United States as part of a government-funded program.
Abdallah Higazy was in the United States on a student visa through a
program arranged by the U.S. Agency for International Development,
agency spokeswoman Susan Phalen said Monday. The program trains Egyptian
students in business, health, English and education, often by placing
them at American universities.
Higazy, 30, was enrolled in Polytechnic University in Brooklyn as a
graduate student in computer engineering, according to the university.
Higazy allegedly told the FBI to know nothing of the radio found in a
room safe, but later admitted it was his. Prosecutors said he
acknowledged knowing how to operate the radio, which pilots use to
communicate with other planes and air traffic controllers, but gave
conflicting accounts of how he got it.
"A Bay Area punk charged with lying about encryption
software found in his hotel room near the Federal Building where anonymous threat was received ..."

@_date: 2002-01-17 03:20:22
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: One arms violent people with weapons 
German Minister's Interview Rips 911 Case Open
Rumor Mill News Reading Room Forum
(DRAFT) [Source: Tagesspiegel, Jan. 13] PARTIAL TRANSLATION
The following interview with Von Buelow appeared in the German daily
'Tagesspiegel,' on Jan. 13.
Q: You seem so angry, really upset.
Von Buelow: I can explain what's bothering me: I see that after the
horrifying attacks of Sept. 11, all political public opinion is being
forced into a direction that I consider wrong.
Q: What do you mean by that?
Von Buelow: I wonder why many questions are not asked. Normally, with
such a terrible thing, various leads and tracks appear that are then
commented on, by the investigators, the media, the government: Is there
something here or not? Are the explanations plausible? This time, this
is not the case at all. It already began just hours after the attacks in
New York and Washington and--
Q: In those hours, there was horror, and grief.
Von Buelow: Right, but actually it was astounding: There are 26
intelligence services in the U.S.A. with a budget of $30 billion--
Q: More than the German defense budget.
Von Buelow: --which were not able to prevent the attacks. In fact, they
didn't even have an inkling they would happen. For 60 decisive minutes,
the military and intelligence agencies let the fighter planes stay on
the ground, 48 hours later, however, the FBI presented a list of suicide
attackers. Within ten days, it emerged that seven of them were still
Q: What, please?
Von Buelow: Yes, yes. And why did the FBI chief take no position
regarding contradictions? Where the list came from, why it was false? If
I were the chief investigator (state attorney) in such a case, I would
regularly go to the public, and give information on which leads are
valid and which not.
Q: The U.S. government talked about an emergency situation after the
attacks: They said they were in a war. Is it not understandable that one
does not tell the enemy everything one knows about him?
Von Buelow: Naturally. But a government which goes to war, must first
establish who the attacker, the enemy, is. It has a duty to provide
evidence. According to its own admission, it has not been able to
present any evidence that would hold up in court.
Q: Some information on the perpetrators has been proven with documents.
The suspected leader, Mohammad Atta, left Portland for Boston on the
morning of Sept. 11, in order to board the plane that later hit the
World Trade Center
Von Buelow: If this Atta was the decisive man in the operation, it's
really strange that he took such a risk of taking a plane that would
reach Boston such a short time before the connecting flight. Had his
flight been a few minutes late, he would not have been in the plane that
was hijacked. Why should a sophisticated terrorist do this? One can, by
the way, read on CNN (Internet) that none of these names were on the
official passenger lists. None of them had gone through the check-in
procedures. And why did none of the threatened pilots give the
agreed-upon code 7700 over the [Steuerknueppel: STEERING NOB?] to the
ground station? In addition: The black boxes which are fire and shock
proof, as well as the voice recordings, contain no valuable data--
Q: That sounds like--
Von Buelow: --like assailants who, in their preparations, leave tracks
behind them like a herd of stampeding elephants? They made payments with
credit cards with their own names; they reported to their flight
instructors with their own names. They left behind rented cars with
flight manuals in Arabic for jumbo jets. They took with them, on their
suicide trip, wills and farewell letters, which fall into the hands of
the FBI, because they were stored in the wrong place and wrongly
addressed. Clues were left like behind like in a child's game of
hide-and-seek, which were to be followed!
There is also the theory of one British flight engineer:
According to this, the steering of the planes was perhaps taken out of
the pilots' hands, from outside.
The Americans had developed a method in the 1970s, whereby they could
rescue hijacked planes by intervening into the computer piloting
[automatic pilot system]. This theory says, this technique was abused in
this case. That's a theory....
Q: Which sounds really adventurous, and was never considered.
Von Buelow: You see! I do not accept this theory, but I find it worth
considering. And what about the obscure stock transactions? In the week
prior to the attacks, the amount of transactions in stocks in American
Airlines, United Airlines, and insurance companies, increased 1,200%. It
was for a value of $15 billion. Some people must have known something.
Q: Why don't you speculate on who it might have been.
Von Buelow: With the help of the horrifying attacks, the Western mass
democracies were subjected to brainwashing. The enemy image of
anti-communism doesn't work any more; it is to be replaced by peoples of
Islamic belief. They are accused of having given birth to suicidal
Q: Brainwashing? That's a tough term.
Von Buelow: Yes? But the idea of the enemy image doesn't come from me.
It comes from Zbigniew Brzezinski and Samuel Huntington, two
policy-makers of American intelligence and foreign policy. Already in
the middle of he 1990s, Huntingon believed, people in Europe and the
U.S. needed someone they could hate-- this would strengthen their
identification with their own society. And Brzezinski, the mad dog, as
adviser to President Jimmy Carter, campaigned for the exclusive right of
the U.S. to seize all the raw materials of the world, especially oil and
Q: You mean, the events of Sept. 11--
Von Buelow: --fit perfectly in the concept of the armaments industry,
the intelligence agencies, the whole military-industrial-academic
complex. This is in fact conspicuous. The huge raw materials reserves of
the former Soviet Union are now at their disposal, also the pipeline
routes and--
Q: Erich Follach described that at length in {Spiegel}: ``It's a matter
of military bases, drugs, oil and gas reserves.''
Von Buelow: I can state: the planning of the attacks was technically and
organizationally a master achievement. To hijack four huge airplanes
within a few minutes and within one hour, to drive them into their
targets, with complicated flight maneuvers! This is unthinkable, without
years-long support from secretapparatuses of the state and industry.
Q: You are a conspiracy theorist!
Von Buelow: Yeah, yeah. That's the ridicule heaped [on those raising
these questions] by those who would prefer to follow the official,
politically correct line. Even investigative journalists are fed
propaganda and disinformation. Anyone who doubts that, doesn't have all
his marbles! That is your accusation.
Q: Your career actually speaks against the idea that you are not in your
right mind. You were already in the 1970s, state secretary in the
Defense Ministry; in 1993 you were the SPD [Social Democratic Party]
speaker in the Schalk-Golodkowski investigation committee--
Von Buelow: And it all began there! Until that time, I did not have any
great knowledge of the work of intelligence agencies. And now we had to
take note of a great discrepancy: We shed light on the dealings of the
Stasi and other East bloc intelligence agencies in the field of economic
criminality, but as soon as we wanted to know something about the
activities of the BND [German intelligence] or the CIA, it was
mercilessly blocked. No information, no cooperation, nothing! That's
when I was first taken aback.
Q: Schalck-Golodkowski mediated, among other things, various business
deals abroad. When you looked at his case more closely--
Von Buelow: We found, for example, a clue in Rostock, where Schalck
organized his weapons depot. Well, then we happened upon an affiliation
of Schalck in Panama, and then we happened upon Manuel Noriega, who was
for many years President, drug dealer, and money launderer, all in one,
right? And this Noriega was also on the payroll of the CIA, for $200,000
a year. These were things that really made me curious.
Q: You wrote a book on the dealings of the CIA and Co. In the meantime,
you have become an expert regarding the strange things related to
intelligence services' work.
Von Buelow: ``Strange things'' is the wrong term. What has gone on, and
goes on, in the name of intelligence services, are true crimes.
Q: What would you say determines the work of intelligence services?
Von Buelow: So that we don't have any misunderstandings: I find that it
makes sense to have intelligence services....
Q: You don't think much of the earlier proposals by the Greens, who
wanted to dismantle these agencies?
Von Buelow: No. It is right to take a look behind the scenes. Getting
intelligence about the intentions of an enemy, makes sense. It is
important when one tries to put oneself into the mind of the enemy.
Whoever wants to understand the CIA's methods, has to deal with its main
tasks, {covert operations}: below the level of war, and outside
international law, foreign states are to be influenced, by organizing
insurrections, terrorist attacks, usually combined with drugs and
weapons trade, and money laundering. This is essentially very simple:
One arms violent people with weapons. Since, however, it must not under
any circumstances come out, that there is an intelligence agency behind
it, all traces are erased, with tremendous deployment of resources.
I have the impression that this kind of intelligence agency spends 90%
of its time this way: creating false leads. So that, if anyone suspects
the collaboration of the agencies, he is accused of the sickness of
conspiracy madness. The truth often comes out only years later. CIA
chief Allen Dulles once said: In case of doubt, I would even lie to the
Q: The American journalist Seymour M. Hersh, wrote in the {New Yorker,}
that even some people in the CIA and government assumed, that certain
leads had been laid in order to confuse the investigators. Who, Herr von
Buelow, would have done this?
Von Buelow: I don't know that either. How should I? I simply use my
common sense, and-- See: The terrorists behaved in such a way to attract
attention. And as practicing Muslims, they were in a strip-tease bar,
and, drunken, stuck dollar bills into the panty of the dancer.
Q: Things like that also happen.
Von Buelow: It may be. As a lone fighter, I cannot prove anything,
that's beyond my capabilities. I have real difficulties, however, to
imagine that all this all sprung out ofthe mind of an evil man in his
Q: Mr. von Buelow, you yourself say that you are alone in your
criticism. Formerly, you were part of the political establishment, now
you are an outsider.
Von Buelow: That is a problem sometimes, but one gets used to it. By the
way, I know a lot of people, including very influential ones, who agree
with me, but only in whispers, never publicly.
Q: Do you still have contact with old SPD companions, such as Egon Bahr
and former Chancellor Helmut Schmidt?
Von Buelow: There are no close contacts any more. I wantedto go to the
last SPD party congress, but I was sick.
Q: Can it be, Mr. von Buelow, that you are a mouthpiece for typical
Von Buelow: Nonsense, this has absolutely nothing to do with
anti-Americanism. I am a great admirer of this great, open, free
society, and always have been. I studied in the U.S.
Q: How did you get the idea that there could be a link between the
attacks and the American intelligence agencies?
Von Buelow: Do you remember the first attack on the WorldTrade Center in
Q: Six people were killed and over a thousand wounded, by a bomb
Von Buelow: In the middle was the bombmaker, a former Egyptian officer.
He had pulled together some Muslims for the attack. They were snuck into
the country by the CIA, despite a State Department ban on their entry.
At the same time, the leader of the band was an FBI informant.
And he made a deal with the authorities: At the last minute, the
dangerous explosive material would be replaced by a harmless powder.
The FBI did not stick to the deal. The bomb exploded, so to speak, with
the knowledge of the FBI. The official story of the crime was quickly
found: The criminals were evil Muslims.
Q: At the time Soviet soldiers marched into Afghanistan, you were in the
cabinet of Helmut Schmidt. What was it like?
Von Buelow: The Americans pushed for trade sanctions, they demanded the
boycott of the Olympic games in Moscow....
Q.... which the German government followed...
Von Buelow: And today we know: It was the strategy of the American
security adviser, Zbigniew Brzezinski, to destabilize the Soviet Union
from neighboring Muslim countries They lured the Russians into
Afghanistan, and then prepared for them a hell on earth, their Vietnam.
With decisive support of the U.S. intelligence agencies, at least 30,000
Muslim fighters were trained in Afghanistan and Pakistan, a bunch of
good-for-nothings and fanatics who were, and still are today, ready for
And one of them is Osama bin Laden. I wrote years ago: ` `It was out of
this brood, that the Taliban grew up in Afghanistan, who had been
brought up in the Koran schools financed by American and Saudi funds,
the Taliban who are now terrorizing the country and destroying it
Q: Even though you say, for the U.S. it was a matter of raw materials in
the region, the starting point for the U.S. aggression, was the
terrorist attack which cost thousands of human lives.
Von Buelow: Completely true. One must always keep this gruesome act in
mind. Nonetheless, in the analysis of political processes, I am allowed
to look and see who has advantages and disadvantages, and what is
coincidental. When in doubt, it is always worthwhile to take a look at a
map, where are raw materials resources, and the routes to them? Then lay
a map of civil wars and conflicts on top of that --they coincide. The
same is the case with the third map: nodal points of the drug trade.
Where this all comes together, the American intelligence services are
not far away. By the way, the Bush family is linked to oil, gas, and
weapons trade, through the bin Laden family.
Q: What do you think of the Bin Laden films?
Von Buelow: When one is dealing with intelligence services, one can
imagine manipulations of the highest quality. Hollywood could provide
these techniques. I consider the videos inappropriate as evidence.
Q: You believe the CIA is capable of anything, [wouldn't stop at
Von Buelow: The CIA, in the state interests of the U.S., does not have
to abide by any law in interventions abroad, is not bound by
international law; only the President gives orders.
And when funds are cut, peace is on the horizon, then a bomb explodes
somewhere. Thus it is proven, that you can't do without the intelligence
services; and that the critics are {nuts,} as Father Bush called them,
Bush who was once CIA head and President.
You have to see that the U.S. spends $30 billion on intelligence
services, and $13 billion on anti-drug work. And what comes out of it?
The chief of a special unit of the strategic anti-drug work declared, in
despair, after 30 years of service, that in every big, important drug
case, the CIA came in and took it out of my hands. (Rosalinda: Michael
Q: Do you criticize the German government for its reaction after Sept.
Von Buelow: No. To assume that the government were independent in these
questions, would be naive.
Q: Herr von Buelow, what will you do now?
Von Buelow: Nothing. My task is concluded by saying, it could not have
been that way [according to the official story] Search for the truth!

@_date: 2002-07-01 21:30:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: on 'evil' as an abbreviation 
Sure, I might put a governor in my car if it would lower my insurance
rates.  And I might use a DRM system if it let me download music and
video that I wanted, while remaining compliant with the creators' wishes.
We're talking about voluntary systems here.  Ryan said that DRM was
evil even if voluntary.

@_date: 2002-07-05 03:10:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Piracy is wrong 
Suppose you know someone who has been working for years on a novel.
But he lacks confidence in his work and he's never shown it to anyone.
Finally you persuade him to let you look at a copy of his manuscript,
but he makes you promise not to show any of it to anyone else.
Hopefully it is clear in this situation that no one is doing anything
"evil".  Even though he is giving you the document with conditions beyond
those specified in the current regime of copyright, he is not taking
advantage of you.  Even though you hold the bits to his manuscript and he
has put limitations on what you can do with them, he is not coercing you.
You voluntarily accepted those conditions as part of the agreement under
which you received the document.
It should also be clear that it would be ethically wrong for you to
take the manuscript and show it to other people.  Even if you take an
excerpt, as allowed under "fair use" exemptions to copyright protection,
and include it in a document for commentary or review purposes, that
would be a violation of your promise.  This example demonstrates that
when two people reach a mutual agreement about how they will handle some
information, they are ethically bound by it even beyond the regulations
of copyright law.
And surely it is clear that no decisions by Congress or any other
legislative or judicial body can change the ethics of this situation.
In fact, it is absurd to look to Congress for guidelines on ethics!
Surely everyone reading is aware that it is one of the least ethical
bodies in existence.  Those who look to Congress to justify breaking
their promises are not looking for ethics, they are looking for excuses.
Congress excels at providing those.
The point is that this situation is exactly analogous to what might happen
if you purchased a song or other information content by downloading,
and restrictions were placed on how you could handle it as a condition of
that purchase.  One of the restrictions might be that you can make no more
than 2 copies of the song for personal use.  Another restriction might
be that if you give a copy to someone else, you have to delete your copy.
Such restrictions cannot be evil, any more than was the even more
strict restriction imposed on the recipient in the book example above.
Evil only exists when someone is forced to do something they don't want
to.  Offering a song or a book with conditions does not force anyone to
do anything, because the offer can always be refused.  There can be no
evil in making someone an offer, even an unacceptably restricted one.
In fact, making or accepting any kind of offer, with any restrictions
which the parties choose, is a fundamental freedom which everyone
here should fight to support.  To say that people can only make or
accept offers which some third party deems acceptable is a coercive
infringement on people's liberty to make their own decisions and to
control their lives.  It is despotism of the worst sort.  Third parties
have no right to interfere in the agreements which others make.

@_date: 2002-07-05 23:50:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Need voluntary/optional TCPA/Palladium quote 
[2nd Repost]
Lucky asks:
The TCPA FAQ at includes the following:
: 13. What has the TCPA done to preserve privacy?
: The TCPA believes that privacy is a necessary element of a trusted system.
: The TCPA Specification has taken specific steps to enhance trust while
: preserving privacy.  The system owner has ultimate control and permissions
: over private information and must "opt-in" to utilize the TCPA subsystem.
: Integrity metrics can be reported by the TCPA platform, but do not
: restrict the choice and options of the owner preserving openness.
This describes the system as "opt-in" and that says that it will
not restrict the choice and options of the owner.  That is, users
can enable the TCPA system and get their integrity metrics reported
(these are basically hashes of the BIOS, OS boot loader, etc.), which
will allow third parties to know that they booted into an unmodified,
trusted system.  But they always have the choice to boot into a modified,
patched or untrusted system, and in that case either the TCPA chip will
report it, or they can forego the use of the TCPA subsystem entirely.

@_date: 2002-07-10 03:20:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
Are you saying that if someone is legally resident in the US for a
while, the US IRS will attempt to get his assets all over the
world forever?  I find this hard to believe.

@_date: 2002-07-10 21:50:40
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: cypherpunks@einstein.ssz.com 
So what you are suggesting is that I might as well take out US
citizenship, since the IRS behaves just as piratically and
imperially to anyone who gets a job in the US?

@_date: 2002-07-11 05:30:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen 
--
Oh shit.  It really is the empire.
According to

@_date: 2002-07-13 01:20:21
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
Ross Anderson charged that Microsoft "censored" Newsweek because the
Stephen Levy article disappeared.  Actually Newsweek moves articles to
their for-pay archives after a week.  You can still find a pointer to
it by going to  and entering Palladium in the "Search
the archives" box.
Will Ross Anderson withdraw his charge that this was an act of censorship
by Microsoft?

@_date: 2002-07-15 21:00:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Virtuallizing Palladium 
This is true, if you do like DeCSS and try to publish software with the
key in it.  The content consortium will put the cert for that key onto
a CRL, and the key will stop working.
The other possibility is to simply keep the key secret and use it to strip
DRM protection from content, then release the now-free data publicly.
This will work especially well if the companies offer free downloads of
content with some kind of restrictions that you can strip off.  If you
have to pay for each download before you can release it for free, then
you better be a pretty generous guy.
Or maybe you can get paid for your efforts.  This could be the true
killer app for anonymous e-cash.

@_date: 2002-06-06 00:50:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Laurie's blinding w/cut and choose? 
Boy, you've got a lot of faith asking this question on cypherpunks.
It's not exactly the intellectual center of the crypto freedom movement
these days, you know.  The average IQ is rapidly descending into double
digits, even not counting Choate.  But let's see what we can do for you.
First, let's fix your notation.
r = blind(h) = h^y * g^b  OK
s = sign(r) = r^k, not m^h.
unblind(s) = (s/g^k^b)^(1/y) = h^k = sign(h).
That's what you want to end up with, h^k, as the pseudo-signature on h.
Now for a credential system, you apparently want to create a bunch
of values which have some structure, and get a signature on a product
of them.  Using cut and choose, the client will prepare blinded forms
of all of the values, then the server will ask for half of the blinding
factors to be revealed.  This exposes the raw values to be signed and
the server can make sure they are in the right form.  If so, it then
signs the product of the remaining values, which the client unblinds to
get back a good signature on the product of the unblinded values.
The fundamental problem with this is that the blinding factors have to
be different for each of the values.  If they are all the same, then
when they are revealed for some of the values during cut and choose,
that will reveal them for all of them, and so none of them will be
effectively blinded any more.
But if the blinding factors are all different, we can't unblind since
we don't have a unique power 1/y to raise to.
That's your problem, right?
Here are a couple of possible solutions.  First, you could do a cut and
choose in which all but one of the blinded values are revealed, and only
the remaining (unrevealed) one is signed.  This has the problem that it
has only a 1/n security factor with n values.  That is, the client can
just guess which one the server won't ask to check, and if it sent say 100
values, it has a 1/100 chance of getting lucky, which might seem too high.
However since credential issuing usually occurs in a non-anonymous
context, you can afford to penalize people very heavily if they are
caught in this manner.  (Cutting the connection and refusing to resume
with the previous values has to count as cheating.)
Another approach is as follows.  Go back to the 50-50 cut and choose
with signature on the product.  However, use the same y blinding factor
for all of the values.  Now when the client has to reveal during cut and
choose, it keeps the y value secret but reveals all of the h and b values.
It then proves in zero knowledge that there exists a y such that the h^y
equals the required value.  This is a standard ZK proof of knowledge
of a discrete logarithm.  It is similar to the example Ben's paper gives
of how the bank can prove it is raising to the right power.
Since you don't have to reveal y, you can use the same y for all of them
and successfully perform the unblind operation, getting back the signature
on the product of the h's as required.
But actually another solution is much simpler, which is to do blinding
as just h * g^b, without a y factor.  That works fine as long as the
bank is known not to be misbehaving.  Ben's paper shows how the bank
can use a ZK proof to show that it is raising to the same power k every
time, basically again that same ZK proof regarding discrete logarithms.
If the bank uses such a proof then you can use simpler blinding without
a y factor, and you can recover the signature on the product of your h
values by dividing by g^k^(sum of b's).
So there you go.  A little technical for cypherpunks, but unfortunately
coderpunks, like the little old lady, has fallen and it can't get up.

@_date: 2002-06-14 08:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Safe RSA variant? 
Another way to think of g^a is as the a'-th root of g, since (g^a)^a' = g
mod n.  If we instead use k instead of a', then Alice gets k and the kth
root of g.
In my notion, she publishes her kth root of g, Bob raises it to the rth
power, and Alice then raises it to the kth power to recover g^r.
No, given g and the kth root of g, she clearly can't find phi(n), because
every RSA signature supplies such a pair.
I think this is OK too.  See the Strong RSA Assumption, for example at
  Basically this says that
you can't find kth roots mod an RSA modulus without knowing the factors.
You might want to ask this on sci.crypt, they are pretty good with pure
math questions like this one.

@_date: 2002-06-15 05:20:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Theft Attempt or LEO Sting? 
e-golb.com resolves to 66.175.11.248.  arin.net shows this as being in
the netblk 66.175.0.0 - 66.175.63.255, belonging to Cedant Web Hosting,
 in Davis, CA, which is near Sacramento.  At a minimum
Cedant could be informed about this fraud, which is clearly outside
of its AUP.  You might even be able to get law enforcement involved,
or perhaps contact the admin at Cedant and find out who has the address
in question.

@_date: 2002-06-24 00:20:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
Lucky Green writes regarding Ross Anderson's paper at:
It's an interesting claim, but there is only one small problem.
Neither Ross Anderson nor Lucky Green offers any evidence that the TCPA
( is being designed for the support of
digital rights management (DRM) applications.
In fact if you look at the documents on the TCPA web site you see much
discussion of applications such as platform-based ecommerce (so that
even if a user's keys get stolen they can't be used on another PC),
securing corporate networks (assuring that each workstation is running
an IT-approved configuration), detecting viruses, and enhancing the
security of VPNs.
DRM is not mentioned.
Is the claim by Ross and Lucky that the TCPA is a fraud, secretly designed
for the purpose of supporting DRM while using the applications above
merely as a cover to hide their true purposes?  If so, shouldn't we expect
to see the media content companies as supporters of this effort?  But the
membership list at shows none of the usual suspects.  Disney's not there.  Sony's not there.
No Viacom, no AOL/Time/Warner, no News Corp.  The members are all
technology companies, including crypto companies like RSA, Verisign
and nCipher.
Contrast this for example with the Brodcast Protection Discussion
Group whose ongoing efforts are being monitored by the EFF at
  There you do find the big media
companies.  That effort is plainly aimed at protecting information and
supporting DRM, so it makes sense that the companies most interested in
those goals are involved.
But with the TCPA, the players are completely different.  And unlike
with the BPDG, the rationale being offered is not based on DRM but on
improving the trustworthiness of software for many applications.
Ross and Lucky should justify their claims to the community in general
and to the members of the TCPA in particular.  If you're going to make
accusations, you are obliged to offer evidence.  Is the TCPA really, as
they claim, a secretive effort to get DRM hardware into consumer PCs?
Or is it, as the documents on the web site claim, a general effort to
improve the security in systems and to provide new capabilities for
improving the trustworthiness of computing platforms?

@_date: 2002-06-24 04:40:15
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
Gladly.  One need only look at a recent cause celebre in the cypherpunk
community to see what the Hollings bill intends to mandate.  We were
assured by the professional paranoids among the cypherpunks that there
was a serious measure being promoted by the content companies, a new
restriction which we were all going to have to deal with.
Remember?  They were going to limit all A/D converters.
That's right, thanks to the Hollings bill your rectal thermometer will
be upgraded so that you can't watch Snow White on it (not that it's
likely to be anything like snow white after you're finished with it).
Yes, Hollings is determined to plug your analog hole.
You heard it here first, folks.  And how can you doubt, when it comes
from a group with such a balanced and accurate view of the world, and
such a marvelous record for accurate predictions?  Every cypherpunk
knows that paranoid conspiracy theories are by far the most reliable
way to interpret events.

@_date: 2002-06-24 21:10:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
Hmmmm.... Not clear that this really works to make money.  The GPL
allows everyone to redistribute HP's software verbatim, right?  So a
cert on one copy of the software will work on everyone's.  How can HP
make money on a product that everyone can copy freely, when they can
all share the same cert?
It's true that modified versions of the software would not be able to
use that cert, and it would no doubt be expensive to get a new cert for
the modified software.  But that still gives HP no monopoly on selling
or supporting its own version.  Anyone can step in and do that.
Is the cert itself supposed to be somehow copyrighted?  Kept secret?
Will it be illegal to publish the cert, to share it with someone else?
This seems pretty questionable both in terms of copyright law (since
a cert is a functional component) and in terms of the GPL (which would
arguably cover the cert and forbid restrictively licensing it).
It seems more likely that the real purpose is to bring the benefits of
TCPA to the Linux world.  As an innovator in this technology HP will gain
in reputation and be the source that people turn to for development and
support in this growing area.  The key to making money from open source
is reputation.  Being first makes good economic sense.  You don't need
conspiracy theories.

@_date: 2002-06-28 19:20:27
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: privacy <> digital rights management 
Privacy means different things in different contexts.  In some cases you
have to share data with someone else that you don't want them passing on
widely.  Medical data is an obvious example.  So are credit card numbers.
If you order books from Amazon, you have to give them your street address,
and you don't necessarily want that shared.
This kind of private data, which has to be shared with others, is what
can be protected with a DRM system.  Let us consider how a TCPA compliant
version of Amazon.com can enhance protection of your private data.
When you make your first order from Amazon, you have to supply personal
data such as credit card and address that you don't want them sharing.
Of course they have a privacy policy promising not to do that, but with
TCPA we can do better.
Suppose Amazon is running TCPA compliant software for their OS and
database.  Further suppose it is open source.  We will see that open
source software works even better with TCPA than closed source.  Keep
in mind that only Amazon is running a TCPA system in this example, the
customers are not.  But the customers do have TCPA-aware software that
they can use to check that Amazon is doing what it claims.
Your TCPA-aware software which will upload your personal data to Amazon
first requires Amazon to prove that it is running in trusted mode.
The TPM chip provides a signed statement showing that Amazon booted into
HP's Trusted Linux.  This is signed by a key which never leaves the
TPM module; the key is certified by a TCPA root key so you know it is
a valid TPM key.  The signed data includes a hash of the BIOS which was
computed by the TPM before booting; a hash of the OS loader module which
was computed by the BIOS before transferring control to that module;
and a hash of relevant parts of the Trusted Linux OS which was computed
by the OS loader before transferring control.
Your software can check these hashes against published values which
represent known good builds of these software modules.  In this way you
can know that the remote system is running an unhacked version of Trusted
The Linux software then similarly sends you a certification that it is
running the TCPA compliant database application, again including a hash
of the application before it was loaded.  This open source software has
its own published hash of valid builds.  This assures you that you are
talking to this particular program and no other.
The TCPA compliant database program is special in that it has suppressed
the large-scale database export features, and it saves the data in
encrypted form.  No other program will be able to access the data once it
is stored because of the encryption.  And this program with its missing
export feature can only work on records one by one (as well as providing
appropriate summary and accounting features).  It will not be possible
to export the database en masse for importing into an insecure program.
Of course, nothing can stop Amazon from entering your credit card data
and/or address into another program.  They need to see this data in
order to perform their normal business functions, and anyone can read
it off the screen and type it into another computer.  But the point
is, they can't do it to the entire database.  Amazon has millions
of customers.  Your data is a needle in that haystack.  Business-wise,
it makes no sense for Amazon to try to sell your data or illicitly pass
it to business partners if they have to do it one record at a time.
The important feature to prevent is large-scale export, and the TCPA
compliant software is designed so that is impossible.
Note how important the open-source element is in this security analysis.
With closed source software, we have to trust Microsoft and the database
vendor that their software performs as claimed.  If the database guys had
a secret feature to allow for export, there would be no way for third
parties to detect it.  But with open source, we have the source code,
and we have a guarantee that a program built from that code is being
run (we have a hash over the binary file).  We can know exactly what
the capabilities are of that remote software.  The kind of guarantees
provided by TCPA are much stronger and more convincing when the source
code of the trusted software is publicly available.  Surprisingly,
TCPA may therefore provide a boost to open source.
Note that, as with the earlier DRM analysis, the TCPA in this example
exists to help Amazon prove to people that they are behaving honestly.
They already have a privacy policy which restricts what they will do
with their database.  The TCPA lets them provide technical evidence that
they are running software which will enforce those same restrictions.
It makes it possible for customers to trust Amazon to follow through on
their promises with much greater reliability than is possible today.

@_date: 2002-05-30 06:20:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
This is absurd.  In all the commentary on this issue, no one has made
the obvious point that the MPAA has no interest or intention in putting
watermark detectors into every ADC chip!  They don't care about the ADC
chip in a digital thermometer or even a cell phone.  All they care about
are things like PC video capture cards, which are high fidelty consumer
devices capable of digitizing copyright protected content.
Their white paper is a brief summary of their goals and intentions and
does not go into full technical detail.  But let's use a little common
sense here, folks.
It's pointless to try to shoot down this proposal by raising all these
horror stories about ADC chips in industrial and technical devices
being crippled by a watermark detector which will never be activated.
If you waste time developing this line of argument, you will be left
with nothing to say when the actual bill focuses only on the specific
devices that the content holders are worried about.
And sure, a sufficiently talented electrical engineer can produce a custom
board to do non-watermark-aware ADC, and digitize TV shows and music.
The MPAA has to accept that such activity will continue to go on at a
low level.  They just want to make sure that consumer devices are not
sold that enable every customer to make easy digital copies of copyrighted
data based on an analog source, as they can now with the Replay DVR.
Please, let's use some common sense and not go overboard with an obviously
mistaken interpretation of the MPAA's intentions.  That wastes everyone's

@_date: 2002-11-05 23:30:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: patent free(?) anonymous credential system pre-print 
Stefan Brands writes regarding And balanced against all these numerous shortcomings, there is one
inescapable, overwhelming fact:
THE AUTHORS ARE MAKING THE FRUITS OF THEIR LABOR AVAILABLE FREELY FOR
THE WORLD TO USE.
With all of your patents, and your writings, and your self-promotion,
how many people are using your certificates in the real world?  Think how
much you could have accomplished, how much of a difference you could have
made, if you had been willing to sacrifice the hope of great riches.
Instead you have followed in the footsteps of your mentor Chaum, and
both of you have withheld your talent from the world.
What is it about cash and credential systems that everyone who works
in the area thinks they should patent their results?  All you have
accomplished is to make sure that no implementations exist!  What good
are your great ideas if no one can use them?
Look at Chaum!  Is that where you want to be in 20 years?  Bitter and
barren?  Cut off from the cryptographic community?  Reduced to publishing
via the government patent office?
That's no life for a great mind.  Creativity demands interaction with
an active and vital intellectual community.  You have to give in order
to take.  Building walls around your intellectual property shuts others
out even as you shut yourself in.
If you really want to accomplish something meaningful, rather than
continuing to hype and shill for a system which no one can use without
entering into delicate financial negotiations, why not make it available
on some basis for people to experiment with?  Maybe a non-commercial,
open-source GPL implementation could be a starting point.  There is
considerable interest in reputation systems among the P2P community
and credentials could be a part of that.  You can still protect your
commercial interests while letting people get familiar with the technology
by making a non-commercial library available.
That's just one possibility.  The point is, your ideas are going nowhere
using your present strategy.  Either this technology won't be used at
all, or inferior but unrestricted implementations will be explored,
as in the recent work.  If you want things to happen differently, you
must change your strategy.

@_date: 2002-11-12 08:50:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Yodels, new anonymous e-currency 
According to this link,
a new form of digital cash called "yodels" is being offered anonymously:
Supposedly, then, this is cash which can be transferred anonymously via
IIP or Freenet.  Leaving aside the question of trusting an anonymous bank
(trust takes time), the sticking point for ecash is how to transfer
between yodels and other currencies.  Without transferability, what
gives yodels their value?
So Mr. Yodel purchased his domain name (what domain name?) and his hosting
by using yodels.  If someone is selling these services for yodels, that
could provide a limited basis for giving the currency value.
An additional comment suggests that more information can be found at
the Freenet address SSK at Mt3s3k7PCEUzbNW6zeI2oyRT0jgPAgM/yodel//.
This is a "Freesite" and you need the Freenet software installed to
access it.

@_date: 2002-11-15 05:40:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Poker 
Sure, there are any number of poker algoerithms which prevent the server
from cheating.  See the many literature references on Mental Poker.
One recent protocol is Kurosawa et al, IEICE Transactions on Fundamentals,
Vol E00-A, No. 1, January 1997.  It is available from citeseer.
The problem is that although you can stop the server from cheating, you
can't stop players from colluding outside the scope of the game protocols.
Two players could communicate by phone, revealing their cards to each
other and influencing the betting.  This kind of cheating can't be
prevented, and it can be significant in an n-player poker game.

@_date: 2002-11-20 01:10:29
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Microsoft on Darknet 
Microsoft faces up to (and renames) BlackNet:
The Darknet and the Future of Content Distribution
        Peter Biddle, Paul England, Marcus Peinado, and Bryan Willman
                          Microsoft Corporation[1]
                                  Abstract
           We investigate the darknet - a collection of networks and
           technologies used to share digital content.  The darknet is not
           a separate physical network but an application and protocol
           layer riding on existing networks.  Examples of darknets are
           peer-to-peer file sharing, CD and DVD copying, and key or
           password sharing on email and newsgroups.  The last few years
           have seen vast increases in the darknet's aggregate bandwidth,
           reliability, usability, size of shared library, and availability
           of search engines.  In this paper we categorize and analyze
           existing and future darknets, from both the technical and legal
           perspectives.  We speculate that there will be short-term
           impediments to the effectiveness of the darknet as a
           distribution mechanism, but ultimately the darknet-genie will
           not be put back into the bottle.  In view of this hypothesis, we
           examine the relevance of content protection and content
           distribution architectures.

@_date: 2002-09-02 00:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cryptographic privacy protection in TCPA 
It looks like Camenisch & Lysyanskaya are patenting their credential
system.  This is from the online patent applications database:
Some of the claims seem a little broad, like this first one:
Wouldn't this general description cover most proposed credential systems
in the past, such as those by Chaum or Brands?
Does anyone know how to contact the PTO regarding proposed patents,
perhaps to point out prior art?

@_date: 2002-09-04 22:50:20
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: 8pm update 
8pm update
Corralitos, September 14th, 2002.
A group of armed white supremacists, known to support anti-american activities and publicly calling for dismantling of US government, has been in stand off with police for six hours now. The incident started when a guest at Mr. May's party called the police to complain about being threatened with a weapon. Several neighbors also reported supicious gathering.
Additional SWAT forces are being called in.

@_date: 2002-09-13 19:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Wired article on cypherpunks 
Warm Party for a Code Group By Danit Lidor
2:00 a.m. Sep. 13, 2002 PDT
The cypherpunks are throwing a PGP (pretty good party) this weekend.
The venerable online community is celebrating its 10th anniversary which,
in the ephemeral world of the Internet, is remarkable.
But don't go unless you RSVP first. These people are admittedly paranoid,
contentious and quarrelsome. And they're not afraid to express their
ire, either.
No wonder. In 1992, the cypherpunks emerged from a small group of people
who, because of their interest in cryptography and encryption, recognized
that the free-flowing format of the burgeoning Web culture must provide
for anonymous interactions.
Not surprisingly, they soon came under the uncomfortable scrutiny of
the formidable National Security Agency.
The situation escalated in early 1993, after a computer programmer named
Phil Zimmermann (a patron saint of the community) -- alarmed that the
patents for public key encryption were sold to a company called RSA --
wrote an open-source, free program called PGP (Pretty Good Privacy).
The resulting debacle, in which Zimmermann was threatened with criminal
prosecution for exporting weapons (encryption technology is termed a
weapon by the U.S. government), brought the public's right to privacy to
the forefront of the now-commonplace tug-of-war between those who favor
"crytpo anarchy" and those who don't.
Through the active work of many civil libertarians, including the
cypherpunks, pressure was brought to bear upon the government to re-think
its position. The charges against Zimmermann were dropped.
It was a triumph. The geeks fought the law, and the geeks won.
"The cypherpunks' paranoia about information exploitation is becoming
mainstream," Peter Wayner, author of Translucent Databases, wrote in an
e-mail interview. "Everyone is learning that the cypherpunks' insistence
on limiting the proliferation of information is a good thing."
The cypherpunks' e-mail list forms the nucleus of the community,
which has grown to include people of many agendas and interests. No
longer the exclusive domain of crypto geeks, cypherpunks are "doctors,
lawyers, mathematicians, felons, druggies, anti-druggies, anarchists,
libertarians, right-wing fanatics, left-wing fanatics, teachers,
housewives, househusbands, students, cops and criminals," cypherpunk
J.A. Terranson wrote in a posting.
Or maybe not.
Cypherpunk Optimizzin Al-gorithym wrote in typically obscure cypherpunk
fashion, "We're all just voices in Tim May's head."
May, one of the original cypherpunks, continues to be an active
figurehead of the cypherpunks and has often bridged the chasm between
its historically secretive culture and its forays into the public sphere.
In 10 years, the list has become an amalgamation of a political
watchdog site, a social club and a repository of technical cryptographic
"(It's) where people from all different backgrounds and views can hear
from one another," mathematician Nina Fefferman said. "We math people are
frequently shocked and confused by what the politicians do with regard
to legislating crypto-related issues. Conversely, the policy and society
people are frequently interested in issues that have to do with the use
and regulation of cryptographic standards and research."
Others are disappointed by the list's current tepid political climate.
"The atmosphere isn't as electric because the scene has grown so big,"
Wayner said. "It's not just a few guys talking about the importance of
some mathematical equations. It's like debating the importance of indoor
plumbing now. No one disputes it, they just want to argue about copper
versus PVC."
Wayner, Zimmermann, as well as May, John Gilmore and Eric Hughes
(the original founders of the list), however, have emerged from their
cypherpunk association as key public privacy figures: vocal and passionate
defenders of civil liberties on the Web.
It's hard to imagine the secretive and fractious cryptocrusaders
assembling for a physical meeting. Even May, the party's host, isn't
sure who or how many cypherpunks to expect to his soiree at a hideaway
in the Santa Cruz (California) mountains.
"Some meetings (in the Bay Area) have 40 attendees, some have 15,"
he said.
But he's adamant about who won't be coming. Never one to mince words,
he wrote, "Narcs and feds will not be allowed at the meeting. Fuck
them dead."

@_date: 2002-09-19 02:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
Could you say something about the sense in which Palladium achieves
BORE ("break once run everywhere") resistance?  It seems that although
Palladium is supposed to be able to provide content security (among
other things), a broken Palladium implementation would allow extracting
the content from the "virtual vault" where it is kept sealed.  In that
case the now-decrypted content can indeed run everywhere.
This seems to present an inconsistency between the claimed strength of the
system and the description of its security behavior.  This discrepancy
may be why Palladium critics like Ross Anderson charge that Microsoft
intends to implement "document revocation lists" which would let Palladium
systems seek out and destroy illicitly shared documents and even programs.
Some have claimed that Microsoft is talking out of both sides of its
mouth, promising the content industry that it will be protected against
BORE attacks, while assuring the security/privacy community that the
system is limited in its capabilities.  If you could clear up this
discrepancy that would be helpful.  Thanks...

@_date: 2002-09-22 11:30:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and Irish Travellers 
I wasn't follownig the news ... they didn't get Osama, did they ?

@_date: 2003-04-28 22:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
All this talk about digital payments is a real blast from the past.
Not just because it's all been said before; but because of how it
demonstrates that cypherpunks are still stuck in the early 1990s as far
as their world view.
Every one of these discussions might have been made five or even ten years
ago (with the possible exception of the details of Brands technology,
which isn't fundamental).  Yet the internet world has changed enormously
since then.
Most of these changes have passed the cypherpunks by.  All the P2P work,
file sharing, Freenet, IIRC, weblogs, WiFi, open source, open spectrum;
for the most part it's as if none of this exists, in the world of the
The problem with these discussions of digital payments is so fundamental
that it's amazing that no one mentions it: anonymous payments are useless.
The world hasn't evolved the way cypherpunks thought it might, ten
years ago.  Yet the reality doesn't sink in.
Anonymous payments for physical goods are pointless because you can't
deliver them anonymously.  Everyone has recognized that from the beginning.
So they always envisioned them being used for information goods.
Well, here's a clue, folks: information goods are free today.  You can't
build a digital money system on paying for information goods, in a world
where people expect to get their information goods for free.
I'm not sure whether to laugh or cry when I read someone like James
Donald claiming that MP3s are a micropayment market.  Wake up, gramps!
My God, nothing could make you sound more like a clueless refugee from
the 90s than a statement like that.  It's a perfect illustration of how
irrelevant the cypherpunks have become.
At one time, cypherpunks, with their libertarian and anarchocapitalist
views, assumed that the online world was turning into Galt's Gulch, a
world where people would constantly pay for exchanges of information.
What they didn't foresee is that it turned instead into a communist
utopia, where each supplies according to his abilities, and each takes
according to his needs.  And it works online, unlike in the physical
world, because no matter how much each person takes, there's still plenty
for everyone else.  Information doesn't get used up.
Unless cypherpunks open their eyes to the reality around them, instead
of seeing what they want to see, they are going to continue to be part
of the past rather than part of the future.
Ironically, Tim May's racist prediction  for "the colored race" has
become the truth for the cypherpunks: they are "headed for the trash
heap of history, courtesy of their own choices."
And with views like those, cypherpunks are the ones truly deserving of
his final comment:
"Fuck 'em."

@_date: 2003-04-29 20:50:11
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
It's significant that a United States Court of Appeals has a stronger
commitment to the First Amendment than supposed arch-libertarian Tim May.
Look at May's response when confronted with the idea that a newspaper
has the right to print what it chooses:
That's right: Tim May believes people should be tortured and killed for
saying the wrong thing in their own newspaper.  Apparently he believes
that he has the right to set rules which everyone else must follow in what
they say, under penalty of a horrific death.  Needless to say, nothing
could be further from the letter and spirit of the First Amendment.
Thank God for the protection of anonymity.  With people like Tim May
throwing around death threats towards those who say the wrong thing, this
may soon be the only way we can communicate without fear.  Please join
me in condemning this savage trampling on principles supported by all
men of honor.

@_date: 2003-08-07 00:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Colored people and cripples 
<6E0FFDF7-C840-11D7-BD95-	 <20030806192323.GC1296
References:   <6E0FFDF7-C840-11D7-BD95-0	 <20030806192323.GC1296
Until you opened your trap of course.

@_date: 2003-12-09 10:00:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: cypherpunks discussions 
References: <171E4264-29B4-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
I find it strange that some people here so often wants to intimidate those that dares to ask some questions. Eric put it very well in his post about dicksizewar. Very true indeed.
I find it very *l*a*m*e* to all the time tell people to RTFM when something comes up that happened to be have been dealt with like five years ago.

@_date: 2003-12-12 08:10:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Another excellent group of potential recruits are prisoners.
Especially if you can create a new religious movement teaching
them to stop the interracial, intergang fighting and concentrate
on their true enemy, the Man. Teach that killing cops, soldiers,
any type of government agent, is a holy act. Robbing banks is a holy act. Killing the guards in the prisons, killing the excutives of polluting industries -- all holy acts.     Leaflets could be dropped from radio controlled balloons during "yard time" preaching the Word.

@_date: 2003-12-13 00:20:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Nomen Nescio spake:
Why robbing banks?  Aside from allowing the
government to regulate them, what have they
done to deserve being robbed?

@_date: 2003-12-13 03:40:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Retarded.  Someone trying to frame Mr. Seaver by adopting his
three-space paragraph lead-ins.

@_date: 2003-12-16 12:30:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Remailers and TLAs 
Even though I agree this issue is important I wouldn't be surprised if NONE were run by TLAs today and NONE has ever been run by TLAs. We will never get any such answer and therefore these speculations will continue. Personally I think it sounds really stupid when I read comments like "you can only trust remailers from pre 9/11" (these kinds of silly/stupid/dumb-paranoid comments are often seen on A.P.A-S). The reason being really that I think they are too stupid and perhaps doesn't really understand what good it would do them to actually operate a few. I may be wrong I guess. When thinking of these things I also remeber having read several comments by remops that actually have been visited by police. Both in U.S. and abroad. The feeling I got from reading their comments is that the police (in case of U.S. I think it was FBI who was inviolved) actually didn't even know what a remailer was. If (and this is a bif "if") that is true in general amongst FBI agents I don't think th
 ere's a major risk of beeing flooded by TLA operated remailers any time soon. But who knows.

@_date: 2003-12-16 22:50:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: U.S. in violaton of Geneva convention? 
This makes me a bit curious. Tell me, is your opinion then that the U.S. has done nothing questionable here? You don't feel that treating a former head of state (regardless of what you happen to think of that person) in this manner and videorecording it AND transmitting it to the entire globe violates the spirit of the convention? You feel this was the right thing to do? You would have no problem seing a U.S. or European leader being treated the same way? I think we do have to take into consideration too that a lot of people (I'm not saying it's the majority or anything but still a lot of people) in some arab countries like Jordan, Egypt, Syria and Saudi Arabia do have some sympathy with Saddam. This has nothing to do with supporting his crimes like the chemical warfare but more general the fact that he was a leader in the region who stood up against U.S. and Israel. Also the Palestinians received a lot of finansial help from Saddam.
I don't know, but I have this feeling that just maybe this wasn't the most appropriate way to behave all things considered. This is a tense and volatile region as it is. I think we all should exercise caution and careful considerations and try to not humiliate the pride of the people in this region. Remember that in many cases this is almost all they have left.
Just my 2c.

@_date: 2003-12-17 09:00:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Tim, sorry it was unclear from my post whom I was referring to. It was "James A. Donald". I did put his message id in a reply-to header.
No what I meant was what IF somehow Bush or Blaire or some other high ranking coalition politician were captured by Iraq during the war and was treated in the same way. I can only presume you would support Saddam's soldiers checking Bush for lice then. You are also utterly missing the point and you are one pretty good example of how "the mob" are thinking. EVERYONE, including Saddam, Pol Pot or whattever should be treated in accordance with the laws by us who call ourselves the free democratic part of the world. Then they shall stand trial. A fair trial and being represented by lawyers.
What would be more satisfying for the critics of U.S. than to see U.S. not being able to get its act together and instead conducting itself in a manner inconsistent with international law during this rather criticl phase of the Iraqi campaign. Mark my words, U.S. will be in regret later.
Jim Dixon, you also wrote some half trouths on the subject of Palestinians and the support they received.
You should read up on this subject. Saddam also has a history of building up edicational institutions and so on. He recived awards by U.N. earlier on for his wellfare programs and the development Iraq was gaining. Anyone can check this up, just call U.N. in NY and you'll receive a few references I'm sure. What I mean by this is not to defend him in any way but I feel that this rewriting of history and propaganda is serving noone in the long run. If you believe that 100% of the arab world in their harts and minds hate Saddam you're wring. Very wrong.
Steve Schear: thanks for your interesting post! Some people need to learn more of that.
I also noticed on the news that CIA was conducting the questioning of Saddam. (Did anyone expect anything else?!) I guess this also means that U.S. now will join all dicatators and awful beasts in performing various forms of abuse and torture on him. Iraq formally removed the death penalty just a few weeks ago. Regardless of what you feel about that in general, I think it's embarrasing once again to see U.S. almost "lobbying" against the Iraqis to have them not honouring their own laws to satisfy Bush on this specific issue! Remember there's only one reason for Bush wanting to see Saddam dead and that he does. And that is the fact that "Saddam tried to kill my papa" as Bush put it, I've seen it in interviews myself.
Jim Dixon, going through your post again I see yet another half trough, you write
And you seem to forget that U.S. was in bed with Saddam during the Iran-Iraq war era and that there was a friendly tone then. U.S. officials met with Iraqi, I think that Tareq Azis met with Reagan even? Your whole post is based on the feeling that we're gonna do what they did to us. In doing so you have manifested what has been written here about "gasing into the abyss" and so on. You have become what you hunt. Be ware.
It is my opinion that we shall distinguish ourselves from these bastards by not committing their deeds ourselves. You seem not to agree on that. And that is a major mistake.

@_date: 2003-12-19 11:00:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
After WWI the "winners" humiliated the loosers badly. This is one of the main reasons Hitler came to power and got support from the Germans for the aggressions that started the war. He managed to use these feelings of being treated as dogs and paying to heavy for the first war. Also they were very humiliated by the fact that France then occupied part of western Germany.
After WWII the "winners" had learned their lesson from WWI pretty well. Now they did not humilate the people of Germany like after the first war. We got the Marshal plan and so on.
Let's face it: not even the Nazi war criminals were treated in the way Saddam has been treated.
Is this something U.S. should feel comfortable with then? Some people on this list seem to have these disturbing thoughts.
It will backfire sooner or later I'm afraid. And then it may be our kids who pay the price.

@_date: 2003-12-19 19:50:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Ken, Eh what?
Yes I've heard a lot of the Soviet union, however I don't see what you meant by that comment here.
What I was referring to was the winning powers' treatment of the Nazi war criminals after WWII, Nurnburg trials and so on. (Note the word "trials" here)
I don't think I've ever heard that the Nazi prisoners where drugged, abused or otherwice tortured or mistreated and humiliated. Feel free to enlighten me on this.

@_date: 2003-12-19 21:20:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: President of Flies 
US is currently run by thugs supported by the cheering consumer crowds that have been bred and conditioned to be infantile.
So the situation is best evaluated in the "Lord of Flies" context. As long as masters are winning and have stronger army than anyone else, nothing will change. You will notice that they never engage army unless they have several orders of magnitude strength advantage.
Which means that only small countries are in danger.
There are two consequences of this:
(a) there is no likely grouping of bigger entities to strike back - and that is the only response that will change US behavior. Until US is beaten and have suffered occupation and complete military defeat nothing much will change. This will eventually happen as history demonstrates that empires are not capable of sustained supremacy (due to the negative selection within among other factors - incidentally, the brain drain in the last 3-4 years have changed direction - this is the most significant metric.) But not any time soon.
(b) smaller countries will strive to arm themselves with effective weaponry. The window for this is closing and in few years there will be two clearly defined clubs: untouchables and fair game. It looks that most of the arab world is heading for the fair game status and they are understandably unhappy with it.
The main question is - will the income from newly and soon to be acquired colonies be sufficient to prevent confrontation between US and the rest of developed and armed world?

@_date: 2003-12-20 12:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: "the Kuwait issue is not associated with America" 
Thanks Steve, I don't think I have heard this before. I googled on the text you quoted and found this url
and a few more
I don't know what to say. This makes me sick to my stomach.
I guess one way of lookin at this is that U.S. played dirty and deceiving.
U.S. is more or less the reason Iraq invaded Kuwait.
I guess this is not told on Fox news.

@_date: 2003-02-26 23:50:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: cryptome log downloads 
These IPs downloaded access log from cryptome during hacked state.

@_date: 2003-01-15 01:25:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RIAA turns against Hollings bill 
The New York Times is reporting at
 that
the Recording Industry Association of America, along with two computer
and technology industry trade groups, has agreed not to seek new
government regulations to mandate technological controls for copyright
protection.  This appears to refer primarily to the Hollings bill,
the CBDTPA, which had already been struck a blow when Hollings lost his
committee chairmanship due to the Democrats losing Senate leadership.
Most observers see this latest step as being the last nail in the coffin
for the CBDTPA.
Some months ago there were those who were predicting that Trusted
Computing technology, as embodied in the TCPA and Palladium proposals,
would be mandated by the Hollings bill.  They said that all this talk of
"voluntary" implementations was just a smoke screen while the players
worked behind the scenes to pass laws that would mandate TCPA and
Palladium in their most restrictive forms.  It was said that Linux would
be banned, that computers would no longer be able to run software that
we can use today.  We would cease to be the real owners of our computers,
others would be "root" on them.  A whole host of calamaties were forecast.
How does this latest development change the picture?  If there is no
Hollings bill, does this mean that Trusted Computing will be voluntary,
as its proponents have always claimed?  And if we no longer have such
a threat of a mandated Trusted Computing technology, how bad is it for
the system to be offered in a free market?
Let technology companies decide whether to offer Palladium technology
on their computers or not.  Let content producers decide whether to use
Palladium to protect their content or not.  Let consumers decide whether
to purchase and enable Palladium on their systems or not.
Why is it so bad for people to freely make their own decisions about
how best to live their lives?  Cypherpunks of all people should be the
last to advocate limiting the choices of others.  Thankfully, it looks
like freedom may win this round, despite the efforts of cypherpunks and
"online freedom" advocates to eliminate this new technology option.

@_date: 2003-07-07 07:30:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
This is only for the minimal forms of "protection" which are designed to
work with existing CD/DVD players.   If you look at the new audio formats
like SACD, they use encrypted data.  All your lasers won't do you any
good unless you can pry a key (and the algorithm!) out of a consumer
player, which won't be easy assuming it is in a tamper-resistant unit.
And you can bet the industry won't make the mistake again of allowing
software-based players, as they did with the DeCSS affair.
In short, you're fighting yesterday's war.  Try looking ahead a bit to
see where the battlegrounds of the future will be contested.

@_date: 2003-07-08 08:40:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
There is a loss of quality if you go through an analog stage.  Real and
wannabe audiophiles will prefer the real thing, pure and undiluted by
a reconversion phase.  These are the people who are already swallowing
the marketing line that the CD bandwidth limit of 22KHz is too low for
good fidelity, despite being higher than they can hear.
Consider how much more wine from Champagne is worth than that from a
village just outside of the appelation limits.  People want to feel
that they are getting the authentic goods, and they'll pay for them.
That's what the RIAA is counting on.

@_date: 2003-07-08 23:40:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
The detailed technical specs are apparently secret, but an overview
of the multi-layered SACD copy protection is at
  If
you don't like PDFs, most of the same information is at
Both of the documents above specifically deny that software based players
will be allowed.  I get the impression that the decryption will always be
done in hardware, and if a PC is ever able to play one of these gadgets,
it will be a Palladium system or something similar that can be locked
That's mostly about how hardware hackers can use modern chips and custom
PC boards without spending more than a few hundred dollars.  Fine,
but it's a long way from that to being able to pull an algorithm and/or
device key out of a chip which has been designed to make that difficult.

@_date: 2003-07-19 19:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: FREENET 0.5.2!! DRUGS!! GUNS!! PORNOGRAFY!!! YANKEE GO HOME!! 
DRUGS !! GUNS !! PORNOGRAFY !! YANKEE GO HOME !! HANDS OFF Saddam Hussein !!!!!
if you want drugs, guns, alcohol, pornografy lolitas, bukkake schoolgirl,
you can find this here -  !!
WARNING!!! only on the Freenet you may find this "illegal" things!!!
All of Terrorism on the railroad track !!!
if you want join the Alkaida organization you need to go this link
 !!
WHOLE ANTI JEFF GORDON / ROBB LONDON THEME ON THIS ADDRESS
HURRY UP !!! This Address Can Soon Close!!

@_date: 2003-07-23 22:40:09
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Dna samples of world leaders 
What is most troubling is that USG assumes (correctly ?) that
assassinating relatives of enemies of the state will be welcomed
by the public.

@_date: 2003-07-26 07:40:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
One point being overlooked here is digital versus physical anonymity.
The "funky" ATM (what, does it smell or something?) will allow you to
(among other things) stick in some cash and let someone else withdraw it
using a password which you have sent him out of band (according to the
patent - which I've actually read, more than anyone else here can say).
This will allow for digital anonymity in the sense that there is no
account information associated with the transaction.
Now, it's true that ATMs take pictures of people, so you don't have
full physical anonymity.  But given the limited reliability of facial
recognition systems, especially if you take simple precautions like
wearing a hat and tilting your head down, you can have de facto very
strong anonymity putting money into or taking it out of an ATM.  The mere
fact that it takes your picture doesn't mean that much.
It's also true that the amount of cash that could be practically
transfered in this way is limited to a few thousand dollars at most, given
that the machines will probably only accept and dispense twenty dollar
bills or equivalent.  Nevertheless such payments would be a good start.
The ability to pay or receive a few thousand dollars, untraceably, would
enable a number of interesting applications involving freedom of speech
and action.  Writing custom software or providing sensitive information
could be funded at these levels.
The point which has been mostly overlooked is that this article was
nothing but vapor, based on the issuance of a patent.  There's a huge
barrier between the idea and the implementation.  A cash-transfer ATM
would be a true boon to cypherpunk goals, but it is doubtful whether
such a system will be allowed to exist in today's world.

@_date: 2003-06-01 22:20:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: web apps with large volumes of bidirectional http traffic 
It's not, really.  Maybe some kind of cover traffic for an underlying
hidden data stream?
Or maybe you will create a client which mimics a human person, and
sends information by choosing what to click on?  Sounds like a pretty
low-bandwidth channel.
These two don't make much sense together: someone is going to sit
there, interacting with a server for hours, clicking every second?
That sounds more like a job than something people would do voluntarily.
You're either going to need to accept a much lower click rate, or else
a much shorter connection time.
Okay, maybe one of the online fantasy games services like EverQuest?
I hear people get addicted to those and spend hours on them, but I
think they do a lot of typing rather than mouse clicks.  Or one of the
shoot-em-ups?  Those probably use the mouse a lot more.  They aren't
really "web applications" though.  Does it really have to be a web app?
Most of those won't satisfy your click rate and connect time goals.
Maybe you could give some more clues...

@_date: 2003-06-06 11:10:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Can you read this? 
It may not be what you think!           It may not be what you think!

@_date: 2003-06-10 07:00:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
It was none other than Microsoft's NGSCB, nee Palladium.  See
   NEW ORLEANS--Microsoft is trying to make security obvious.
   The software giant plans to visually alter document or application
   windows that contain private information that's secured through
   Microsoft's Next-Generation Secure Computing Base (NGSCB), formerly
   known as Palladium. Secure windows will look different than regular,
   unsecured windows in order to remind users that they are looking
   at confidential material, Peter Biddle, product unit manager for
   Microsoft, said Thursday at the Windows Hardware Engineering Conference
   (WinHEC) here.
   ...
   The border of a secured page may contain information--such as the
   names of all the dogs that someone has ever owned--to make the data
   instantly recognizable as sound to the individual owner, as well as
   difficult to replicate. A hacker can create a spoof page with dogs'
   names running along the border but, in all likelihood, not one reading
   "Buffy, Skip and Jack Daniels--and in that order," Biddle said.
   ...
   Information on secured windows will vanish if another window is placed
   on top of it or shifted to the background. Erasing the information
   will prevent certain types of attacks and remind people that they're
   dealing with confidential material, Biddle said.
   When the secure window returns to the top of the stack, the information
   will reappear, he said.
I don't see how this is going to work.  The concept seems to assume
that there is a distinction between "trusted" and "untrusted" programs.
But in the NGSCB architecture, Nexus Computing Agents (NCAs) can be
written by anyone.  If you've loaded a Trojan application onto your
machine, it can create an NCA, which would presumably be eligible to
put up a "trusted" window.
So either you have to configure a different list of doggie names for
every NCA (one for your banking program, one for Media Player, one for
each online game you play, etc.), or else each NCA gets access to your
Secret Master List of Doggie Names.  The first possibility is unmanageable
and the second means that the trustedness of the window is meaningless.
So what good is this?  What problem does it solve?

@_date: 2003-06-11 03:30:10
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
That makes sense.  However it puts the burden onto the user to closely
inspect his window frames in order to make sure that he is talking
to the program (or NCA in Palladium) that he thinks he is talking to.
It also introduces the problem of program-name spoofing; you might be
given a dialog to enter your password for Paypa1 or E-Go1d.
If users were that careful, we wouldn't have these kinds of problems in
the first place.

@_date: 2003-06-13 04:11:13
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
Apparently you neglected to read
 where
Microsoft says (as they have repeated many times) "Customers and partners
need reliable ways to ensure the quality of technology that addresses
the critical needs met by NGSCB. That's why Microsoft will make available
for public review the source code of the core piece of enabling software
in NGSCB, called the 'nexus,' so it can be evaluated and validated by
third parties for both security and privacy considerations."
Therefore some educated person (obviously not you, at least not yet)
will in fact be able to perform their own examination of the trusted part
of the OS, since it will have its source code published for exactly this
sort of review.
Very few of the Technical FAQ answers are so brief.  In this case, it is
a stupid question and deserves a trivial answer.  The only reason it is
in there is because of the lies spread by Lucky Green and Ross Anderson,
all about how Palladium will connect to a central server and refuse to
let you work with your own documents, or delete files that Microsoft or
the U.S. Government don't like.
Microsoft's legacy software is all extremely complex.  Palladium is
taking a different approach, aiming at simplicity and transparency.
The Nexus, which is the micro-kernel for the trusted components (NCAs),
will be published for review.  Its tasks are relatively few and well
defined, nothing like the massive Windows OS.  That is what Microsoft has
gained by architecting Palladium as they did, with the new "trusted"
CPU mode, which allows side-by-side operating systems to run.  On the
left hand side (LHS) we find the legacy Windows OS and applications.
On the right hand side (RHS) we find the Nexus acting as the OS, and
the NCAs acting as the applications.
The brilliance of Palladium is that the LHS can't touch the RHS,
because of hardware protection.  At one stroke, the new trusted mode is
insulated from bugs in the Windows OS, device drivers and applications.
It in effect allows the designers to start with a clean piece of paper
and produce a simple micro-kernel (the Nexus) whose only job is to
service the NCAs.  This is a manageable task and, in conjunction with
public review, there is good reason to hope and expect that the Nexus
will be secure.  If so then NCAs will indeed run in a mode where they
are protected from other software components (including other NCAs).
Read the documents!  Actually you claim you already read them, but
obviously you are lying or you would know that this question has been
answered.  I wrote a long posting about this last month explaining how
it worked.  The mechanism is called a Manifest and is described in section
9 of You can either use a hash of the NCA (which would not allow the NCA to be
updated) or you can use a signing key, where NCAs signed by the same key
would effectively share the same identity.  The Manifest can also limit
which other components are used by the NCA.  It's a very flexible system.
As far as the NCAs being "foolishly trusted", all they are trusted to
do is to run without being molested.  That's not exactly giving them the
keys to the kingdom.  And see above for the reasons why it is reasonable
to believe that they can in fact be trusted to run with this degree
of security.
In my proposal, each ecommerce site would have its own unique NCA with
its own unique identity.  As anyone who has studied NGSCB (except you)
knows, NCAs are protected from each other as well as from the rest of
the system.  Therefore rogue or compromised sites would not be able to
touch the information that was being held for other sites.  e-go1d.com
would not be able to get at the information associated with e-gold.com.
Your proposed attack does not work.
Your comments above make it clear that you are not at all acquainted
with the material in those documents.  If you're going to pretend to
be a security expert (remember when you advocated ECB mode for the XML
encryption effort?!!), you could do worse than spending a few hours
studying these documents closely.  It's very likely that NGSCB will
be a central technology for security in the next two to ten years or
even longer.  This is undoubtedly an area where security consulting
could be lucrative.  Sadly, even "experts" of your caliber can probably
be very successful in this area.  But you'll have to do your homework.

@_date: 2003-06-16 02:50:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: anon news 
Is there some way to read usenet anon, not with google, but with a linux news reader like tin? I'm sure I can use google with JAP fairly securely, but google's pretty slow.

@_date: 2003-05-02 02:50:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Four points:
First, I want to reiterate that the original idea of the so-called
"recursive auction" is fatally flawed.  Apparently Eric Hughes was aware
of this, but it never sunk into Bob Hettinga's thick head.  All this talk
of editing and reputation is a different idea with a different goal.
The original recursive auction was simple, as Hettinga described it:
you sell the first copy for a lot, the next for somewhat less, the next
for even less, and so on.  That doesn't work.  End of story.
Second, your idea above for preventing redistribution doesn't work.
Aside from the workaround you came up with, using a throw-away encryption
key, it is easy to redistribute the signed data.  When the file was
encrypted to Bob's key, using PK cryptography, what actually happens
is that a single-use key is generated, which we'll call K.  This is a
symmetric crypto key, like for AES or 3DES.  K is encrypted with Bob's
public key, and then the file is encrypted using K.  So all Bob has to do
is to reveal K when he redistributes the Alice-signed, encrypted file.
This allows everyone to read the data and see that Alice did sign it
in encrypted form.  The fact that K produces a meaningful decryption of
the AES encrypted file is itself proof that K is valid, but if more is
needed, it is easy to release additional information to prove that K is
a valid decryption of the PK encrypted part.
Third, there are better cryptographic ways to do what you want.  You can
use Chaum's designated confirmer signatures, which Alice can issue such
that only Bob can confirm the signature.  Or you could use the ring
signatures from Rivest et al, which produce a file which could have
been signed either by Alice or Bob, meaning that when Bob redistributes
it there is no actual evidence that Alice signed it.  (That's how the
designated confirmer signatures work, too.)  Neither of these approaches
requires the data to be encrypted, just signed.
Or even simpler, Alice can avoid signing entirely, making the file
available for download to subscribers who authenticate with SSL.  The key
exchange in this case involves Bob sending K to Alice, encrypted with
her public key; and the fact that she decrypts it proves to Bob that
she is who she claims.  But this is not a transferable proof because
Bob could have forged it all.
Fourth, Eric Hughes pointed out the fundamental flaw in this whole
approach, many years ago.  As others have pointed out, Bob can simply
distribute Alice's files under his own name, and quickly gain a reputation
for faithfully passing along Alice's information.  If Alice threatens
to cancel subscribers who do this, Bob redistributes under a different
identity.  Now we are back to watermarking to try to figure out which
subscribers are passing along her reports, with all the countermeasures
and counter-countermeasures that entails.  There is no evidence that
the content protector can expect to win such a battle.

@_date: 2003-05-03 01:10:12
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Mike Hawash: Time for an AP site? 
Someone on this board mentioned that a fake AP site might be almost as good as real AP.
I suggest that someone create a fake AP board, on the tonga server or wherever, for Mike Hawash. Basically, it would be a website that lists the name of anyone involved in incarcerating this man without due process. It will also sport logos of the various "payment" options, including Paypal, Digicash, egold, or whatever else. It will also have the current $-value associated with each name.
Future additions to the name list will be tactical, however. D u b y a, for instance, would not be on there, nor would Fabio, Britney, or any other "funny" slam-dunks.
Hopefully, the board will look like its real, and as if there's already a price (and date) established for those involved in holding Hawash.

@_date: 2003-05-05 11:10:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
Excellent point.  Few participants here understand that private attempts
to suppress freedom of speech are just as surely defeated by crypto as
government efforts.
Remember when Tim May a few days ago suggested that newspaper editors who
printed false stories should be tortured and killed?
("Necklacing" refers to the practice, common in South Africa during the
turbulent years fighting apartheid, of putting an automobile tire around
an opponent's neck, cutting his tongue and throat so that it hung down
like a neck tie, and lighting the tire on fire.  Tim May endorses this
form of torture.)
Cryptography can free publishers from intimidation by the likes of
May just as much as it protects them from coercion by the government.
Tim May and other hate-filled thugs will not be able to use threats of
violence to prevent unpopular voices from being heard.
The mere fact that no one complains about language like this from May,
in a forum which supposedly fights for freedom of speech, is prima facie
evidence of the chilling effect of his violent language.  Only those of
us protected by the shield of anonymity have the freedom to criticize
this vile and hateful man.

@_date: 2003-05-06 19:30:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Crypto-making vs Crypto-breaking 
Quoting from an anonymous post to coderpunks, around December 13, 1999:
There is still a potential problem with the double blinding that the ZK
proof would fix.  The bank may intentionally  produce a bogus coin by
returning junk in the withdrawal transaction.
While this is not as useful as being able to specifically mark coins and
recognize them at deposit time, it could still be used in practice if
people don't very often try depositing junk.  After all, why should they
do so, since it will never work.
In that case the bank may be able to do a "sting" operation by producing
junk at deposit time and then assuming that anyone who attempts to deposit
a garbage coin is likely to have been the recipient of the junk coin.
If such garbage deposit attempts are few, then this will allow the bank
to effectively link the deposit to the withdrawal.  The bank can even
"eat" the cost of the bad coin and the depositor will never know he's
been tagged.
As a countermeasure there could be a band of cypherpunks who constantly
attempt anonymous deposits of junk coins.  These would all fail, but
they would provide cover.  They would make it much more difficult for
the bank to issue intentionally-bad coins with the expectation that it
could recognize them at deposit time.
But lacking such organized activity, it would be better for the withdrawer
to be guaranteed that the bank had behaved correctly.  If the ZK proof
is used then the original Wagner blinding using one factor should be

@_date: 2003-05-07 10:00:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: lucre double-blinding? (Re: Crypto-making vs Crypto-breaking) 
A Back asks:
No, this is something else.  It just means that two random numbers rather
than one are used to blind the data when it is sent to the bank to be
signed (oops, "transformed").  Doing this makes it impossible for the bank
to recognize deposited coins even if it misbehaves.  Earlier proposals
that used a single random blinding factor were shown to be inadequate.

@_date: 2003-05-09 03:50:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
Lauren Weinstein, founder of People for Internet Responsibility, has
come out with a new spam solution at According to this proposal, the Internet email architecture would be
revamped.  Each piece of mail would include a PIT, a Payload Identity
Token, emphasis on Identity.  This would be a token certifying that you
were an Authorized Email User as judged by the authorities.  Based on
your PIT, the receiving email software could decide to reject your
   It is anticipated that all Pits considered acceptable by the vast
   majority of all Tripoli-compliant software user would be digitally
   signed by one or more designated, trustworthy, third-pary authorities
   who would be delegated the power to certify the validity of identity
   and other relevant information within Pits.
In other words, here comes Verisign again.
   It is anticipated that in most cases, in order for the sender of an
   e-mail message to become initially certified by a Pit Certification
   Authority (PCA), the sender would need to first formally accept
   Terms of Service (ToS) that may well prohibit the sending of spam,
   and equally importantly, would authorize the certification authority
   to "downgrade" the sender's authentication certification in the case
   of spam or other ToS violations.
Thus you have to be politically acceptable to the Powers That Be in
order to receive your license to email, aka your PIT.  And be careful
what you say or your PIT will be downgraded.
Unfortunately he doesn't discuss various crypto protocol issues:
If the PIT is just a datum, what keeps someone from stealing your PIT
and spams with it?
If the PIT is a cert on a key, what do you sign?  The message?  What if
it gets munged in transit, as messages do?  You've just lost most of
your email reliability.
Or maybe you sign the current date/time?  Then delayed mail is dead mail.
Or maybe you respond to a challenge and sign that?  That won't work if
relays are involved, because they can't sign for you.
Spam is a problem, but it's no excuse to add more centralized
administrative control to the Internet.  Far better to go with a
decentralized solution like camram.sourceforge.net, basically a matter
of looking for hashcash in the mail headers.  This raises the cost to
spammers without significantly impacting normal users.

@_date: 2003-05-11 22:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: faster modexp()? cipheractive 
Could someone please post a pointer to the cryptography
list that is referred to above?  I'd ask the good Major himself directly, but his email address doesn't look replyable.

@_date: 2003-05-12 21:20:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cryptoanarchy: violence or peace? 
How exactly will cryptoanarchy accomplish this?  Millions will be killed,
and their remains used in this way?  Please spell out the details.
Cryptoanarchy could reduce the revenues available to government (but
they could still lay taxes on visible physical property like land -
a victory for the Georgeists after all).  It could allow people to
traffic in forbidden information goods, to make untraceable payments.
It's possible there could be an increase in crimes like the ones you
support, but those will still involve activity in the physical world.
Assuming that human nature remains constant, people will still support the
same general policies that we see today.  There will not be widespread
general support for turning millions into lampshades, any more than
there is in the present world.  How could a few disaffected cranks cause
millions to be murdered?
And even supposing that this can be accomplished, what about other people
unhappy with the state of things?  What will stop radical Greens from
using the tools of cryptoanarchy to further their own violent goals,
anonymously executing people for developing their own land?  Mr. Kelley
above might have faced far worse if he had proceeded with "Wingspread"
under a framework of widespread cryptoanarcy.  Instead of being shut
down and harmed financially, he could have been tortured and murdered.
But there is no evidence that cryptoanarchy will grant so much power
for violence to an angry minority.  The physical world will still exist,
governments can function there based on taxing physical goods, and they
will deter crime and punish criminals just as they do today.
The true nature of cryptoanarchy is fundamentally peaceful.  It offers
an opportunity for people to interact in a world and framework where
physical coercion is impossible.  It points to a new form of wealth
and value, which is built on richness of information and connectivity,
rather than physical wealth.  Neal Stephenson was prophetic in his vision
of Hiro Protagonist living a simple, anonymous, almost barren life in
the physical world while engaging in online activities of superlative
excitement and power.  This is the world which cryptoanarchy makes
possible, a world of peace and fulfillment, not the dark, twisted and
violent picture you conjure up in your sickening revenge fantasies.

@_date: 2003-05-13 05:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Trusted Computing at WEIS2003 
The 2nd annual workshop on "Economics and Information Security" will be
held May 29-30 at the University of Maryland.  Unfortunately the website
at  is woefully out of date.
At least two of the papers will focus on Trusted Computing as exemplified
in the TCG (formerly TCPA) and NGSCB (former Palladium) proposals.
Ross Anderson himself, co-chair and founder of the conference, has
a new paper at Another one, by Stuart Schechter et al, is discussed at an EWeek article,
  The Schechter paper
is online at EWeek talks about the role of TC in limiting which applications get access
to protected content: "This kind of protection is seen as central to the
types of advanced digital rights management systems sought by content
owners as a countermeasure against piracy. However, this chain of trust
can be turned around and used by the people doing the illegal copying
and distribution, according to the paper's authors."
The authors are quoted, "Though this technology was envisioned to thwart
pirates, it is exactly what a peer-to-peer system needs to ensure that
no client application can enter the network unless that application, and
the hardware and operating system it is running on, has been certified
by an authority trusted by the existing clients..."
A similar point was made here last summer during our extensive debate
about the potential threat of Trusted Computing.  It would be fair to
say that it was not well received, however.  Perhaps now that the ideas
are being aired in an academic environment, people will take a closer
look at TC and gain a fuller understanding of the technology.
Even Ross Anderson recognizes that TC can help the pirates as well as the
protectors: "There is also a significant risk - that if TC machines become
pervasive, they can be used by the other side just as easily. Users can
create `blacknets' for swapping prohibited material of various kinds,
and it will become easier to create peer-to-peer systems like gnutella
or mojonation but which are very much more resistant to attack by the
music industry - as only genuine clients will be able to participate. The
current methods used to attack such systems, involving service denial
attacks undertaken by Trojanned clients, will not work any more [23]. So
when TC is implemented, the law of unintended consequences could well
make the music industry a victim rather than a beneficiary."
Anderson's paper is a significant improvement on his bizarrely paranoid
and error-filled FAQ.  He's had to back down on a number of his claims.
For example, Windows Server 2003 implements some DRM and document-locking
features which he attributed to Palladium.  He also seems to back away
from claims that Microsoft will censor your data.  He has to squirm to
deal with the work on TC Linux and try to explain how this fits into
his model of the monopolizing influence of these technologies.
Anderson now has to admit that his claims of a software blacklist are
mistaken as well: "Among early TCPA developers, there was an assumption
that blacklist mechanisms would extend as far as disabling all documents
created using a machine whose software licence fees weren't paid. Having
strong mechanisms that embedded machine identifiers in all files they
had created or modified would create huge leverage. Following the initial
public outcry, Microsoft now denies that such blacklist mechanisms will
be introduced - at least at the NGSCB level [18]."
Notice the claim that Microsoft has perhaps removed this feature based
on public outcry - an outcry for which Ross Anderson can no doubt take
credit.  This fulfils a prediction made here last year, that when their
apocalyptic scenarios failed to arrive, the critics would take credit for
having prevented them!  What a racket - if you're right, you're right,
and if you're wrong, you're even more right.
While this newer paper is better than the abysmal FAQ (which unfortunately
is still spreading its lies and misinformation, even though Anderson
now admits that he knows it is wrong), it has significant flaws as well.
All the analysis is presented from the perspective that businesses can
do whatever they like and consumers have no choice but to go along
helplessly.  Not once does he consider that the discipline of the
marketplace applies to sellers as well as buyers.  Any paper claiming
to be relevant to the topic of "Economics and Information Security"
should not be content with such a one-sided view.
All too often the text degenerates into the kind of anti-Microsoft
conspiracy theories which can be found in the sleaziest corners of
the net.  He never really explains why Intel, IBM and HP are going
along with these nefarious schemes.  Intel, we are told is behaving
"strategically".  What is the strategy?  Why will TC help Intel?
Anderson mumbles something about "lock-in" but that doesn't apply to the
hardware vendors.  He doesn't want to admit the obvious, that Intel thinks
this will sell more computers, because people will like their computers
better when they can access more content.  This is what happens when
you ignore the demand side in your analysis.
Anderson also presents a number of scenarios of Microsoft dominance
in the application demain as if they are new.  Why, law firms might
feel obligated to buy Microsoft Office in order to communicate with
their clients!  Imagine that.  Who could conceive of such a twisted,
backwards, upside down world as one in which companies felt stuck with
buying Microsoft for compatibility?  If he really thinks this is a new
threat, I'd suggest Anderson visit the real world occasionally.  I dunno,
maybe things are different over there in the Unreal Kingdom.
Despite these problems, I do want to emphasize that Anderson's paper is
a step forward.  And the paper by Schechter is also encouraging in that
it is willing to reject the anti-TC paranoia and take a clear-eyed look
at the technology.  Still, both of these papers express their results in
somewhat negative terms: look, you guys at the RIAA and MPAA, you better
not push for TC because it might benefit the pirates too.
None of these authors has quite been able to take accept the logical
conclusion of their analysis, which is that this is a technology which
can enable a whole host of powerful new applications, many of which
have probably not even been invented yet.  Then it should be up to the
marketplace to decide which will succeed and which will fail.  Everyone
wants to short-circuit that messy final step and decide for themselves
which are the "good" applications and which are evil.  I suggest that we
not reject out of hand the principle of allowing people to make decisions
for themselves about what they want to do with their computers, and that
includes utilizing TC technology.

@_date: 2003-05-15 04:20:08
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge in the Cave 
Zero Knowledge in the Cave
There is a cave with a large entry room.  From this room lead two
passageways, 1 and 2.  Each of 1 and 2 branches into a myriad of smaller
passages, twisting and turning through the massive rock formation.
The passageways go on for miles and have never been fully explored.
One of the big questions has been whether passageways 1 and 2 ever
connect up.  Is there a way of getting from 1 to 2?  Many have
searched, but none have ever succeeded.  Most people believe that
no connection will ever be found.
At least, no one used to.  Now an explorer comes to you and claims to
have found a passage from 1 to 2, not a very long one, either.  He will
prove it to you, but to you alone.  Being a secretive type, he wants no
one else to know.  If you accompany him to the cave, he will prove the
existence of the passageway to you.
But there's a problem.  You carry a video camera and record everything
that you see.  If he shows you the existence of the passage, you will
be able to show the video tape to others, and they will learn of its
existence as well.
Not to worry, he says.  Come with me.  So you enter the large entry room
of the cave together.
Now the simplest thing to do in order to demonstrate the existence of the
connection would be for him to leave through passage 1 and return through
passage 2.  He could easily do this.  However, your film record of the
event would prove to anyone else who saw it that there was a connection.
Another way must be found.  The explorer tells you what to do.
Following his instructions, you leave the entry room for a few minutes,
while the explorer enters one of the passageways.  You then re-enter the
room, and loudly call out one of the passageway numbers, either 1 or 2.
In a few minutes, the explorer comes out of the requested passageway.
You then leave the cave and repeat the process many times.  Each time, the
reporter enters one of the passageways unknown to you; when you return and
name one of them, he is able without fail to exit from the named passage.
You reason that if there were no connection between the passageways,
the only way the explorer could come out the passage that you named
would be if he had gone in that same one.  He would have to guess
which one you were going to choose, and if he were right, he could
come out that one.  But you have repeated the test dozens of times.
The chances that someone could guess right so often is infinitisimal.
The only logical explanation is that the passageway does exist.
Excited, you return to the tavern where you met the explorer and show
the other patrons your tape.  But to your surprise, they just laugh.
They don't deny that the tape is real, that the explorer did come out
of the passageway you named.  But they don't believe in the connection.
Instead, they claim you are in league with the explorer in an attempt to
perpetrate a fraud.  You have simply predetermined together the sequence
of numbers you would call out.  Each of you has memorized the sequence,
and so each time the explorer is able to anticipate the number you will
call next.  He enters that passage and is able, after a suitable pause,
to exit from that same one when you call its number.
You leave the bar, frustrated.  You are convinced that the connection
exists, but even though the tape shows all of the evidence that was so
convincing to you, no one else finds it persuasive.  The explorer has
achieved his goal of proving the existence of the connection to you and
you alone.
Questions for the student:
1. How could you have done things differently, to produce a tape that
would be convincing to others?
2. What counter-measures and conditions could the explorer have put in
place to prevent you from getting a convincing tape in this manner?

@_date: 2003-05-19 05:50:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Exciting new information on Palladium 
There's a huge amount of (relatively) new information available on
Microsoft's NGSCB, aka Palladium.  Start at
 and try the links at the left.
I'll mention two very exciting points here.  Clicking on the Newsgroup
link led to some discussion of a proposal by famous security guru Ernie
Brickell of Intel to use zero-knowledge proofs to demonstrate that
you have a good Palladium key.  The discussion implies that Intel is
promoting this technology for use in Palladium.  Apparently Brickell
presented this at the RSA conference.  I can't find an online paper
but here is an abstract pointed to by the newsgroup discussion:
   We will present an efficient protocol for demonstrating that a
   public signature verification key corresponds to a private signature
   generation key that is contained in a certified hardware device,
   without identifying which certified hardware device contains the
   private signature generation key.
   Each hardware device contains a unique certified key, but neither the
   public, nor the private unique keys are ever known outside of the
   hardware device. The protocol provides a verifier with the ability
   to revoke a hardware device. The cryptographic assumptions required
   are an interval RSA assumption and a Bounded Decision Diffie Hellman
   (DDH) assumption. The proofs use the random oracle model.
   We will discuss the privacy issues with cryptographic keys associated
   with trusted computing, and motivate the privacy requirements that
   were met in this protocol. We will also discuss potential performance
   and capability enhancements to the protocol.
We had some discussion of this idea last year, but we couldn't come up
with an approach that would both protect privacy and allow revocation.
Sounds like Brickell has cracked this nut!  That's good news for privacy
advocates.  Hopefully someone can point to a copy of the paper, or perhaps
summarize the idea if they have seen Brickell present it.
For the next point, click on the Product Information link to get to
several documents about Palladium.  The best one to start with (after
the Overview and the FAQ, if you didn't previously know anything about
this technology) is the Security Model.  But the TCB paper has probably
got the most meat.
One of the big issues about Palladium has been the issue of signed code.
Hopefully, most people don't believe any more that only signed code will
run, or that Microsoft or others will limit what applications you can
run, as claimed by Lucky Green and Ross Anderson.  The whole point of
TC is to let "trusted" applications (now called NCAs, Nexus Computing
Agents) run side by side with legacy apps.  Virtually everything you
can run today you will be able to run in the future.  And so far it
still appears that Microsoft will not limit the ability of developers
to write their own NCAs and make use of the TC technology.
Where the question about signed code comes into play is with regard to
the question of what versions of software people will choose to trust.
One of the main functions of TC is "attestation", by which the secure
hardware can report to a remote system a cryptographic hash of the
running code.  Based on this hash, the remote system can decide to trust
(or not) the code running on the local machine.  So for this to work,
the remote system has to either have a list of acceptable hash values or
perhaps it would rely on a (non-centralized) certificate that it chooses
to trust for this purpose.
The issue also arises with sealed storage.  Another of the TC features
is the ability of trusted apps to encrypt code such that it is locked
to their own identity.  Other programs, or other versions of the same
program, would not be able to decrypt it.  So again the question arises,
what exactly is hashed?  What happens if there are different versions
of the software?
The TCB article sheds considerable light on this.  What will be hashed is
not the program code, but rather a Manifest.  This is an XML format file
which includes either the program hash, or A PUBLIC KEY!  This means
that a distributed, trusted app can base its trust not just on the
relatively-brittle program hash, but if it chooses, on a signature
public key which would be used specifically for the purpose of issuing
new versions of the program.  Any software signed by that key would be
interchangeable for Palladlium trust purposes.
In addition, the Manifest can define which "code modules" (libraries?
DLLs?) can be loaded by the program.  This is done by inclusion/exclusion
lists, which can again be either hashes or public keys, so in other words
your trusted app can say to use a certain version of a DLL, or to use
any version signed by the DLL author.
The Manifest also holds a DEBUG FLAG!  This means that trusted code can
be debugged - if the Manifest says so.  And if it says not to, you can
just edit the Manifest file to allow it - but the Palladium identity of
the program will change, since that is based on a hash of the Manifest.
In other words, code can be debugged, but it will not be trusted by
other non-debugged versions of the code, and it will not be able to
unlock data that was locked while it was undebugged.
This approach seems to offer a good balance between flexibility and
security.  And the best part is that it makes these decisions in a
completely decentralized fashion.  Microsoft doesn't have to get involved
at all.  Each developer and user can decide for himself what policies
to set, how to configure the Manifest, and thus what software to trust.
Well, there's more good stuff here, and I'm still reading.  This is
all apparently the same information that was distributed at the recent
WinHEC conference.  I would encourage those who want to know more
about the reality of this new technology, rather than the fantasies
being promulgated by its opponents, to study these documents closely.

@_date: 2003-05-21 23:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: idea for OTP system, comments desired 
One thing that is unclear in your protocol is whether s, which I think
is the same as initialpass, is stored permanently on the server.
If so, then when the server receives h(s.r_x), it can do two checks.
The check you described is that the hash of this matches the value the
client sent previously, h(h(s.r_x)).  The other is that the server can
construct s.r_x since it knows both of these values, and then compare
h(s.r_x) with what the client sent.
This has two problems.  First, it makes the sending of h(h(s.r_x))
unnecessary since the server can verify the client's response just
using s.  And second, s is a sensitive value which if stolen could be
used at some later time to impersonate the user.
So I will assume that the server doesn't store s, in which case I don't
see why it needs to see initialpass in the first place.
In that case the protocol basically says, each time you log on you provide
a hash value for which you will provide the hash input next time you
log on.  The purpose of the r_x values is to keep the user from having
to save state; he can compute h(h(s.r_y)) and then forget it, because
next time he logs on the server will remind him of what r_y is.
The main security problem I see is that an eavesdropper sees r_x and
h(s.r_x), allowing him to do a dictionary attack on s.  You could use
a really slow hash function to slow this attack down, but it is a serious
Given that you are using client software to authenticate, I suggest
pursuing SPEKE-style password-authenticated key exchange.  There are
a number of these systems (some patented) which feature immunity to
dictionary attacks on the password.

@_date: 2003-11-25 10:00:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: polygonal sequences 
I was trying to find some old references I used to have concerning an idea men tioned in sci.crypt way back.
 It was Phil Zimmermann I think who mentioned something about a possibly new idea for a new public key scheme. He called it "The cryptographic uses of polygonal sequences" and is found here I think:

@_date: 2003-11-26 23:10:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Cameras in the voting booth?  Jesus Christ, you guys are morons.  If you
want to sell your vote, just vote absentee.  The ward guy will even stamp
and mail it for you.  Happens every election.

@_date: 2003-10-01 22:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Dan Geer Fired (was re: Technology Firm With Ties to 
The company I work for forbids its employees to discuss crypto issues
in public forums like this one.  That's why I only post anonymously.
They have several concerns.  One is the still-existent crypto export
regulations which could be construed to forbid technical discussions
of cryptography in public forums accessible to foreigners.  Another is
the danger that the employee might say something which could embarrass
the company, such as admitting problems in the company's products.
Employees may also find themselves talking to customers of the company
and say things different from what the sales representatives are telling
them, which leads to huge problems.
There are actually many valid reasons to keep employees from talking
publicly about technical issues in any field related to their employment.
Add to this the many political and legal issues that are specific to
cryptography and it is unsurprising that so many companies restrict what
their employees can say, as a condition of employment.
One thing I haven't heard in the Geer case is whether his employment
contract did have such limitations.  If not, he might conceivably have
grounds for a wrongful termination suit, although even then the company
could make a pretty good case that bad-mouthing one of the company's
biggest customers is valid grounds for dismissal.
It's also interesting that Geer claims in an interview [1] that he
approached nine differrent academic researchers who refused to sign on
to the report even though they agreed with its recommendations, because
they were afraid of losing funding.  I find this somewhat hard to believe,
first because I don't agree with the conclusions of the report (although
my analysis has been censored), and second because I don't think that
Microsoft controls that much academic research funding.  It's possible
that Geer is exaggerating or that the researchers were not completely
honest about the reasons for their lack of interest.
[1]

@_date: 2003-10-13 07:10:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: EFF Report on Trusted Computing 
Just thought someone should take the trouble to rebut the anonymous
pro-treacherous-computing rantings...
I have heavily trimmed our anonymous ranters verbose writing style to
keep just the bits I'm responding to (inline...)
Unsubstantiated claim: what incorrect assumptions did Schoen make?  I
did not see any.
Schoen points out that TC can be broken out into desirable and
undesirable features.  If you omit the undesirable features, as he
describes, you get the remaining desirable features.
There is no loss from blocking the undesirable features.
I see no contradition.  More unsubstantiated claims.
They are not lying and you do your credibility no favors by making
such unsubstantiated claims.
You are just misconstruing the obvious meaning of their warnings: the
features they describe (and plenty more and worse) are technically
feasible with the TC hardware enforcement, and given microsoft's
history of repeated dirty tricks campaigns in the areas of document
format wars, reporting private information back home to microsoft,
browser wars, interface wars, restrictive business practices regarding
licensing it would be fool hardy in the extreme to not expect more of
the same in the area of platform control based on Palladium.
Of course _you_ are not wishing to admit or emphasize these points,
but you can hardly get away with impugning the integrity of high
reputation individuals like Prof Ross Anderson with such paltry
Your arguments are crass and of the form: "but the current microsoft
PR documents don't admit that it could do that, nor of course that
microsoft are planning to do that, so it's not fair for you to point
that out and caution people about the kinds of things microsoft may be
planning".  Technology is criticized and discussed based on the
potential and most likely inferred directions given microsoft's
history and prior demonstration of interest to control various aspects
of the software platform.
It's far from obvious that TC will have no part to play in the next
few decades of open warfare against linux from microsoft.  There are
any number of ways to extend the existing dirty tricks regarding
formats, protocols, licensing etc using the TC hardware enforcement.
Yes indeed and they are quite right.  That is exactly the problem with
remote attestation.
More unsubstantiated claims.  This statement is both false and not
backed up by any of your following text.
This is really strange logic: you have a choice not to use a client
because you don't have to use the service?!!?  Of course it detracts from choice.  Absent remote attestation things
would be as they are today and users could modify existing clients,
write their own clients, or obtain third party clients for any
service.  Removing _that_ choice is the problem.  And it is a big and
significant detraction from the current open nature of the internet.
One that favors large companies such as microsoft with an interest to
stifle innovation and competition.
Yes it would.  It either wouldn't be offered or it would be offered
without such limitations.  These are the trade-offs we like because
they are open and offer a level playing field and user choice.
The "choices" you promote come down to the end-user not owning and
controlling their own hardware.
Freedom of choice be damned.
And indeed it does add limitations as I discussed above.
Yes indeeed it is true that it will create ever worse lock-in and
interoperability problems.
They are both problems.  You are right in the limited sense that
Schoen should _also_ have objected to the lock-in enabling aspects of
the sealing function.
That creates lock-in problems yes.  Network effects are worse
multipliers of interop problems were (one of Ross Anderson's
scenarios) microsoft uses sealing to prevent openoffice etal reading
MS word documents.
It's artificial lock-ins which are bad economics for consumers.  They
result in higher prices to prop up the profits of those creating the
lock-in.  Commoditization is good for consumers.  Lock-ins are
attempts to decommoditize by microsoft to extend their waning days as
a virtual monopoly.
But it doesn't do that.  It brings in a new era where the defacto is
controlled and owned up by microsoft and the user has no rights and no
control over their own machines.
Here's that falacious argument again.  In theory what you say may be
true.  In practice it is utterly false and you know it.  Microsoft
will do it's worst to ensure that it does stop people doing things the
old way.  That means that the next sweep of intentionally not
backwards compatible and yet still defacto standard software from
microsoft will not be available without it.  And so your only "choice"
will be shutting yourself off from the rest of the world, or putting
up with ceding control of the platform wholly to microsoft.  Of course
given your contorted logic further up, this would seem like a fine
"choice" to you.
Wrong again.  Microsoft will ride the pain barrier between this
lock-in and the cost of switching.  It may even subsidize short term
to gain the longer term lock-in to put others out of business.
Wrong.  It's just your own microsoft centric myopia doesn't enable you
to see the obvious.  You stick legalistically and pedantically to what
is released in microsoft PR documents, but refuse to acknowledge or
even think for yourself far enough to realise the obvious conclusion
this horrendous wrong-turn for netfreedoms will reach given the long
term business plans and obvious previous tactics which will be
translated to apply and extend the effect of this until it has a
stranglehold on the world.  Again freedoms be damned.
No it doesn't.  Hostile software can't undermine the users
configuration or software.  It just makes the machine act once again
under user control.
No.  It's like allowing user blinding of certificates to ensure
privacy.  You allow user change of software to enable user control.  Wrong.  See above.
Wrong.  The host security aspects still exist with owner override.
Ah so you do concede that despite your claim to the contrary above.

@_date: 2003-10-31 17:30:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: radiusnet archives? 
Anyone knows what happened to the radiusnet crypto archives?
I bookmarked them at  once.
Now the whole domain seem dead.

@_date: 2003-09-21 00:10:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cryptome: Torch Concepts threatening Cypherpunks 
The attorney for Torch Concepts has sent cease and desist letters to Bill Scannell and Len Sassaman for offering the Torch Concepts file, the "smoking gun" in the Jet Blue privacy violation scandal.
The file is currently still available on Len Sassaman's website, as well as Cryptome.

@_date: 2004-04-02 07:20:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, and     
Does she have a chip implant?
I've already eaten
Ask her to shower first
Get a new girlfriend

@_date: 2004-08-09 17:40:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Michael Moore in Cambridge (download speech) 
Very interesting speech by Michael Moore in Cambridge July 27, 10 MB
The file will be available for download a short period of time.
Michael shows us what the upcoming election is all about.

@_date: 2004-08-27 16:20:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: the minder node... 
Tyler Durden said:
I'm pretty sure you are not the only one there. I'm seing these in my
mail so I guess I'm on minder too? And I do get mail.

@_date: 2004-08-28 12:10:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: nodes listing 
Can someone post a listing of all active CDR nodes please?
Information from pages like this one lists some inactive nodes I'm

@_date: 2004-08-29 11:30:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: JYA in NYT 
August 29, 2004
Mapping Natural Gas Lines: Advise the Public, Tip Off the Terrorists
By IAN URBINA
John Young says he is an agent for change, hoping to point out places
where the government needs to bolster national security. Since 1996,
he has been posting documents on his Web site, ranging from detailed
maps of nuclear storage facilities in New Mexico to aerial
photographs of police preparations for the Republican National
Convention. He has never attracted much attention from the
authorities, and what he does is fully legal.
But last month, Mr. Young, a 68-year-old architect originally from
Odessa, Tex., began publishing maps and pictures of natural gas
pipelines in New York City on his site ( One
photograph was of a large sign in Midtown Manhattan warning about the
presence of a major gas main, a sign that had been meant to prevent
deadly accidents. Within a week, the company that owns the pipeline
took the sign down.
"They posted the signs because they thought someone might
accidentally blow the pipeline up,'' Mr. Young said. "Now, they're
taking them down because they think someone might intentionally blow
it up.''
For Mr. Young - and for a range of experts across the country - the
strange and unnoticed little episode in Manhattan underscores one of
the great tensions of the post-9/11 world: how to balance the desire
for secrecy with decisions on what is best for public safety.
Few issues highlight that tension better than the topic of natural
Private industry and local governments have spent much of the last
several decades trying to make natural gas pipelines safer by
publicizing where they are. Natural gas, highly explosive and
transported in pipes underneath unknowing residents or uncharted
along waterways, has been the cause of scores of lethal accidents -
fiery explosions caused by misdirected backhoes or wayward boat
But recent concerns have pushed in the opposite direction.
Increasingly, gas companies have been clearing their Web sites of
pipeline maps previously used by contractors before excavating.
Almost all nautical charts once indicated where gas pipes run. Fewer
do now.
"Federal regulations require companies to make these lines as obvious
as possible and educate the public about where they are,'' said Kelly
Swan, a spokesman for Williams, the company that owns the pipe
supplying Manhattan. "But local laws indicate that we were allowed to
get rid of that particular sign, and after the recent publicity about
it, we did.''
Edward M. Stroz, a retired F.B.I. agent who runs his own consulting
firm on security issues, said many infrastructure companies found
themselves caught between old risks and new threats.
"The challenge is to make this infrastructure not so obvious that
it's almost inviting to terrorists,'' he said, "while also not
pulling so much information out of public reach that accidents
Natural gas arrives in New York City through six so-called city
gates, reached after traveling thousands of miles in pipes running
from deposits deep beneath southeastern Texas and Sable Island, off
the east coast of Nova Scotia. Here it enters a local grid of smaller
pipes owned by Consolidated Edison in Manhattan, the Bronx and
portions of Queens, and owned by Keyspan in the rest of the city. The
gas is used for heating, cooking, and increasingly for fuel in city
power plants.
But natural gas is also at risk of sabotage.
"This tactic actually comes from our own playbook,'' said Thomas C.
Reed, the former secretary of the Air Force under President Gerald R.
Ford and the author of "At the Abyss: An Insider's History of the
Cold War.'' In 1982, the C.I.A. hacked into the software that
controlled Soviet natural gas pipelines, causing vital pumps,
turbines and valves to go haywire, he explained. The result, Mr. Reed
said, was the largest nonnuclear explosion and fire ever seen from
space and a major blow to Soviet sales of natural gas to Western
"The tactic was a stroke of genius,'' he said.
Jose Padilla, the former Chicago gang member who grew up in Brooklyn,
and who was accused of becoming an operative for Al Qaeda, intended
to use natural gas to blow up three tall buildings, the authorities
say. According to government documents, Mr. Padilla intended to rent
apartments in three high-rise buildings that used natural gas, fill
each apartment with fumes and detonate the three buildings
simultaneously using timers.
Security experts have repeatedly pointed to the natural gas pipeline
system as a dangerous Achilles' heel in the domestic infrastructure.
A report by the Council on Foreign Relations in 2002 said that city
gates and compressor stations, which keep the gas moving through the
pipelines, were most vulnerable. These critical nodes, the report
explained, are usually above ground and sometimes protected only by
chain-link fences and padlocks. If even one or two of these locations
were disabled in any major city, the report said, it could result in
a wide blackout since most new turbines being brought online in major
cities are powered by natural gas.
A 2002 report conducted by the National Academy of Sciences drew the
same conclusion, explaining that restoring power after an attack on
the natural gas system could take several weeks since spare parts for
many of the mechanisms, especially those at compressor stations, are
expensive, hard to find and often made only overseas. The report also
predicted logistical challenges: every nonelectronic pilot light in
the city would have to be manually relighted to avoid explosions.
"We take security of natural gas very seriously,'' a Con Ed
spokesman, Joe Petta, said. Since the Sept. 11 attacks, Con Ed has
added fencing, cameras, and patrols around gas pipeline facilities,
he said. The utility has also begun inspecting pipeline valves
monthly, and four times a year it tests responses to city gate
failures, he said.
"None of that will help,'' said Mr. Young, standing about 30 feet and
a chain-link fence from one of the four central pipes that feed
natural gas to Manhattan. Even if certain facilities were patrolled
around the clock, he said, and most are not, the rest of the system
is still exposed.
"The fact that pipelines run largely underground reduces their
exposure to external threats,'' said a study concerning
infrastructure safety conducted by the Congressional Research Service
in 2002. But required markings alert emergency workers, homeowners
and terrorists to the location of pipelines.
This is today's central conundrum, Mr. Young said, adding that he
will continue posting on his Web site the results of his daily prowls
searching for weak spots. In the meantime, he added, "I imagine law
enforcement will probably be keeping an eye on me.''
In fact, Mr. Young got his first visit from F.B.I. agents several
weeks ago. But the issue was not all the nuclear reactor information
he has put in the public domain. Rather, they wanted to talk about
the natural gas pipeline maps, he said.
Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

@_date: 2004-08-29 12:30:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: EFGA? 
What happened to Electronic Frontiers Georgia (efga.org)? Are they
gone for good? They did operate the cracker remailer did they not?
And they did have a newsletter on privacy issues? Anyone knows?

@_date: 2004-12-01 19:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Swedish military feared linked to Estonia ferry disaster 
Hash: SHA1
For those interested in intelligence, munitions smuggling by
authorities and so on - a few words concerning military smuggling of
munitions on the Estonia, feared to have played a part in the sinking
and killings of 852 people on Sept 28, 1994, when the ferry M/S
Estonia sinked during a journey from Estonia to Sweden. It has been
rumoured for a long time that there were some kind of smuggling of
sensitive material taking place on Estonia and that Russian
authorities did not like this, needless to say. The very stressed and
hasty investigation performed by the involved nations also raised
suspicions amongst a lot of people. On top of all this the Swedish
social democratic government did all they could to hinder future
investigations of the wreckage by trying to cover it with stones and
First some other related info.
The reader should know that the Swedish social democratic party is
notorious for acting in undemocratic and deceitful manners against
the Swedish people. Two of the most infamous affairs being the "IB
affair" and the "Catalina affair".
In the IB affair it was shown that the social democratic party had
founded a secret and unlawful military intelligence bureau as the
party's own private spy organization to spy on other politcal
adversaries, a Swedish version of Watergate if you will, but it went
far beyond that. Hundreds of thousands of people were targeted during
a number of years. Even Olof Palme himself knew about break-ins that
the intelligence officers performed in other countries embassies in
Stockholm, one of them was Egypt's embassy. One major characteristic
is that the Swedish way of doing things means sweeping things under
the carpet and not letting the public know the truths, this is shown
in every "affair" known in resent years, including the Estonia
disaster. In all of these affairs it's the social democrats that has
been the most responsible party and the party almost in constant
power in Sweden historically speaking.
The magazine breaking the news in 1973 today has a web site about the
affair, In the Catalina affair it was very recently shown actually, after the
planes was discovered east of the island Gotland in the Baltic Sea,
that they were both indeed gunned down, as had been suspected for
decades. On June 13 1952 the DC3 plane Hugin disappeared and the only
thing found was a trashed rescue raft. Three days later the rescure
plane of type "Catalina" was also gunned down and forced to emergency
landing. It's today also known however that the Swedish (social
democratic) governments have all been maliciously and intentionally
lying all along about the Hugin's purpose to both the Swedish people
as well as the families.
Hugin was in fact gathering intelligence very close (some say on the
wrong side even) of the Russian border and was relaying all this
signal intelligence directly to the Americans. USA was amongst other
things interested in Russias capacity to fight the B-47. This was
well known for the Russians and this was the direct cause of the
attacks in 1952. It is believed that the Swedish FRA, standing for
"Fvrsvarets RadioAnstalt", translating to "The Defence's Radio
Institution", which is Swedens NSA, signed secret treaties with the
US some three years prior to the assult on these planes. The FRA had
5 employees on the Hugin when it was gunned down. It wasn't until
1991 that the families knew what happened, that was when the Russians
admitted a Mig-15 gunned them down.
When the recon plane was found in June 2004 it was situated far east
of the earlier officially declared crash site which further fules the
speculation that Hugin was indeed flying where it shouldn't have
been, conducting its sigint operations and that the Swedish
governments knew this all along. The Hugin was found June 10, 2003.
I'm not sure how much of these affairs is known outside Sweden, but
it's interesting read that's for sure and I just may get back to
these things and others like them later on.
Back to other things now.
This was published today in Sweden, along with a tv show of one hour:
Which translates into something like this:
DOMESTIC Published November 30
"War material was freighted on the Estonia"
The weeks before the sinking the Estonia had at least at two
different occasions war material in its cargo. According to tonight's
Uppdrag Granskning(*) in the Swedish state television the equipment
was russian electronics that the Swedish military brought in for
Lars Borgnds who did the show says that the revelations shows how the
authorities have handled the situation. - One example is the failure
to examine the car deck, he says to SVT.
The retired former head of customs at the port of Stockholm Lennart
Henriksson says he was given direct orders to let the cars through
and that the order came from the military.
(*) The name of the tv show sent on Nov 30, featuring Wallraff styled
recordings of swedish officials verifying the smuggling of war
material on the direct order from the swedish military commander in
chief Owe Viktorin. It was showed in the show that Owe Viktorin
personally asked the chief of the swedish customs to order their
workers to let specific cars through customs without questions. And
so they did.
The "KSI" mentioned below is perhaps the most secret Swedish military
intelligence organization (we know of) today. The abbreviation stands
for "Kontoret fvr Sdrskild Inhdmtning", which translated into
something like "The office for special intelligence gatherings". They
are known to conduct regular espionage operations on foreign soil and
have been deeply involved in the smuggling of intelligence and the
recruiting of spies on the ground from Russia for quite some time.
They are more or less "not existing", you cannot phone MUST and ask
for KSI or someone you know working at KSI, they will not acknowledge
anything or anyone, although KSI is known to exist and is also
mentioned (briefly) in some official documents.
KSI is part of MUST, which stands for "Militdra Underdttelse och
Sdkerhetstjdnsten", translating to "The military intelligence and
security service" and is the Swedish version of CIA so essentially
KSI is like a bureau within CIA with some black bag types of jobs in
their resume as well.
MUST, FRA, MUST's annual report 2003
MUST's annual report 2002
SVT Program homepage
This is an english text present at the svt.se site.

@_date: 2004-12-01 19:30:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Jewish wholy words.. 
Is it true that the jews have these texts in their scriptures?
 Sanhedrin 59a:
"Murdering Goyim (Gentiles) is like killing a wild animal."
 Aboda Sarah 37a:
"A Gentile girl who is three years old can be violated."
 Yebamoth 11b:
"Sexual intercourse with a little girl is permitted if she is three
years of age."
 Abodah Zara 26b:
"Even the best of the Gentiles should be killed."
 Yebamoth 98a:
"All gentile children are animals."
 Schulchan Aruch, Johre Deah, 122:
"A Jew is forbidden to drink from a glass of wine which a Gentile has
touched, because the touch has made the wine unclean."
 Baba Necia 114, 6:
"The Jews are human beings, but the nations of the world are not
human beings but beasts."

@_date: 2004-12-05 18:20:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
I read a few old email messages I had and stumbled over some
interesting material relating to NSA, CIA and one Michael
Riconosciuto among other things.
I followed up on the info and did some surfing on the subject and got
quite interested. I also did some searches in my cypherpunk mail
folder and got no hits. Surely this must have been up in the list?
Can someone give me some links please? There were also some talk
about some PROMIS software somewhere and modifications being made to
illegally obtained copies of proprietary software. This software was
then sold by the US gov to be able to spy on Canadian authoritites.
Is this also true?
I found the below text saved here locally, if I'm correctly informed
Mr. Michael Riconosciuto went to jail for this affidavit. Can someone
verify if this really is true. (It sounds bizarre but maybe this can
happen in Amerika?)
I am told that Michael Riconosciuto has been diagnosed with prostate
cancer and many delays in diagnosis and treatment have occurred and
people say it's becaus the US gov wants him dead because he knows too
It's also rumoured that he never received a fair trial and that two
of his lawyers were murdered. Because the US government does not
admit anything about PROMIS he has been relegated as a nut and
serious efforts to isolate him have been going on for more than a
A friend of mine sent me this info on the case:
Can someone give me some more info on this?
Thank you AFFIDAVIT OF MICHAEL J. RICONOSCIUTO
  		The INSLAW CASE: AFFIDAVIT OF MICHAEL J. RICONOSCIUTO
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
In Re:
INSLAW, INC., Debtor.
CASE NO. 85-00070
(Chapter 11)
INSLAW, INC., Plaintiff
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA and the UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE,
CASE NO. 85-00070
Adversary Proceeding
NO. 86-0069
AFFIDAVIT OF MICHAEL J. RICONOSCIUTO
STATE OF WASHINGTON)                                   I, MICHAEL J. RICONOSCIUTO, being duly sworn, do hereby state as
1. During the early 1980's, I served as the Director of Research for
a joint venture between the Wackenhut Corporation of Coral Gables,
Florida, and the Cabazon Band of Indians in Indio, California. The
joint venture was located on the Cabazon reservation.
2. The Wackenhut-Cabazon joint venture sought to develop and/or
manufacture certain materials that are used in military and national
security operations, including night vision goggles, machine guns,
fuel-air explosives, and biological and chemical warfare weapons.
EXHIBIT 1
3. The Cabazon Band of Indians are a sovereign nation. The sovereign
immunity that is accorded the Cabazons as a consequence of this fact
made it feasible to pursue on the reservation the development and/or
manufacture of materials whose development or manufacture would be
subject to stringent controls off the reservation. As a minority
group, the Cabazon Indians also provided the Wackenhut Corporation
with an enhanced ability to obtain federal contracts through the 8A
Set Aside Program, and in connection with Government-owned
contractor-operated (GOCO) facilities.
4. The Wackenhut-Cabazon joint venture was intended to support the
needs of a number of foreign governments and forces, including forces
and governments in Central America and the Middle East. The Contras
in Nicaragua represented one of the most important priorities for the
joint venture.
5. The Wackenhut-Cabazon joint venture maintained close liaison with
certain elements of the United States Government, including
representatives of intelligence, military and law enforcement
6. Among the frequent visitors to the Wackenhut-Cabazon joint venture
were Peter Videnieks of the U.S. Department of Justice in Washington,
D.C., and a close associate of Videnieks by the name of Earl W.
Brian. Brian is a private businessman who lives in Maryland and who
has maintained close business ties with the U.S. intelligence
community for many years.
7. In connection with my work for Wackenhut, I engaged in some
software development and modification work in 1983 and 1984 on the
proprietary PROMIS computer software product. The copy of PROMIS on
which I worked came from the Department of Justice. Earl W. Brian
made it available to me through Wackenhut after acquiring it from
Peter Videnieks, who was then a Department of Justice contracting
official with responsibility for the PROMIS software. I performed the
modifications to PROMIS in Indio, California; Silver Spring,
Maryland; and Miami, Florida.
8. The purpose of the PROMIS software modifications that I made in
1983 and 1984 was to support a plan for the implementation of PROMIS
in law enforcement and intelligence agencies worldwide. Earl W. Brian
was spearheading the plan for this worldwide use of the PROMIS
computer software.
9. Some of the modifications that I made were specifically designed
to facilitate the implementation of PROMIS within two agencies of the Government of Canada: the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP)
and the Canadian Security and Intelligence Service (CSIS). Earl W.
Brian would check with me from time to time to make certain that the
work would be completed in time to satisfy the schedule for the RCMP
and CSIS implementations of PROMIS.
10. The proprietary versions of PROMIS, as modified by me, was, in
fact, implemented in both the RCMP and the CSIS in Canada. It was my
understanding that Earl W. Brian had sold this version of PROMIS to
the Government of Canada.
11. In February 1991, I had a telephone conversation with Peter
Videnieks, then still employed by the U.S. Department of Justice.
Videnieks attempted during this telephone conversation to persuade me
not to cooperate with an independent investigation of the
government's piracy of INSLAW's proprietary PROMIS software being
conducted by the Committee on the Judiciary of the U.S. House of
12. Videnieks stated that I would be rewarded for a decision not to
cooperate with the House Judiciary Committee investigation. Videnieks
forecasted an immediate and favorable resolution of a protracted
child custody dispute being prosecuted against my wife by her former
husband, if I were to decide not to cooperate with the House
Judiciary Committee investigation.
13. Videnieks also outlined specific punishments that I could expect
to receive from the U.S. Department of Justice if I cooperate with
the House Judiciary Committee's investigation.
14. One punishment that Videnieks outlined was the future inclusion
of me and my father in a criminal prosecution of certain business
associates of mine in Orange County, California, in connection with
the operation of a savings and loan institution in Orange County. By
way of underscoring his power to influence such decisions at the U.S.
Department of Justice, Videnieks informed me of the indictment of
these business associates prior to the time when that  indictment was
unsealed and made public.
15. Another punishment that Videnieks threatened against me if I
cooperate with the House Judiciary Commitee [sic] is prosecution by
the U.S. Department of Justice for perjury. Videnieks warned me that
credible witnesses would come forward to contradict any damaging
claims that I made in testimony before the House Judiciary Committee,
and that I would subsequently be prosecuted for perjury by the U.S.
Department of Justice for my testimony before the House Judiciary
FURTHER AFFIANT SAYETH NOT.
[Signed]: Michael J. Riconosciuto
Signed and sworn to before me this 21st day of March, 1991.
John M. Rosellini
Notary Public
My Commission Expires: Sept 19, 1993

@_date: 2004-12-06 10:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
Bill Stewart shrieb:
Thanks for your comments.
But what about the person Michael Riconosciuto? I did some searches
online and I got the feeling that a lot people see him as an
extremely intelligent person, a one-in-a-million type of person,
being involved and on the front line with such diverse areas as human
intelligence, weapons, electronics, computers, cryptography,
bio-warfare etc.
It's stated online that he has warned US about several terrorist
attacks before they ocurred, including but not limited to the
al-qaeda attacks. Is this somewhat related to him being jailed? Can
he verify that US didn't act on alerts in ways so sensitive that the
government simply cannot afford to let him speak up? Does he know
things relating to US wanting some wars that the public simply cannot
be told?
I think I read somewhere that people from NSA or CIA thought of him
as simply put a genius. Is it likely that he as such a genius is
simply too dangerous for his own good when he decided to speak the
truth and that the government is actively trying to shut him down and
indirectly speed up his death by denying him medical care for his
Why did he come "clean" and sign the affidavit? He himself stated
that he though he risked being killed or harmed in various ways if he
went through with it. And indeed, just a week or two afterwards he
got arrested!
Smells like a government retaliation, set-up and cover-up if I ever
saw one!
This is almost to good for even Hollywood!
There are many interesting questions here. Keep in mind that not all
of us were around and active with intelligence/computers/cryptography
10-20 years ago.
John Young: Does Cryptome hold any interesting documents involving
this case?

@_date: 2004-12-07 10:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
Steve Furlong:
You can say that again. Here are a few examples of what this once
renowned cypherpunk usually writes nowadays.
First five quick quotes from Tim May, more further down.
Q: What do you call the death of a billion people from AIDS?
A: A good start.
Negroes in Africa believe that having sex with women and children
expells the virus from their body. (No, I did not just make this up.
Read the interviews with aid (no pun intended) workers.)
Basically, between AIDS, cannibalism, butchering of other tribes, bad
economic practices, corrupt liberal governments, the Dark Continent
burning off its negroes. The non-negro areas, in the extreme south
extreme north, are doing OK.
In 30 years the negro regions will have been cleansed, naturally, and
whites can colonize and make the entire continent prosperous.
--Tim May
Bush finally has admittted to "mistakes" in the planning of the war.
And now the search is on for which Jewish spy for ZOG bore the most
It's been clear for more than 16 months that ZOG viewed the war with
Iraq with delight, a chance to bloody one of their enemies without
themselves having to go to war. Feeding the DOD false information was
part of this disinformation campaign. And as the war with Iraq was
to be winding down (though it has not, of course, as freedom fighters
in Iraq continue to kill Americans working for the ZOG state), the
Zionist Entity floated stories that _Syria_ was the _REAL_ enemy, or
maybe _Iran_, as the Ultimate Enemy.
We need to cut off funds to the ZOG state and let three million
figure out how to swim the Mediterranean, REAL FAST. The burn-off of
million ZOGsters would be glorious to behold.
The implicated ZOG spies should be given fair trials, and, if found
guilty, executed. None of the "kid glove treatment" that the ZOG spy
Pollard has been receiving.
Then we need to look very seriously at the Jews in our own midst.
are not ZOGster, just Jews who fled oppressive regimes (which many of
their fellow Jews helped create, by the way, as the history of Lenin
and Marx and the early Jewish role in the formation of the Soviet
shows). But the many ZOGsters now feeding information to the ZOG
need to be rounded up, given fair trials, and liquidated. Entire
departments in the Pentagon will be decimated when this happens. Good
As for the war in Iraq, we need to withdraw immediately, in 30 days.
This was ZOG's war, not ours. Let Ari Fleischer and Dov Zackheim and
Paul Wolfowith and Doug Feight become soldiers in the ZOG Army if
wish, and if they are not hung as spies, but get these united states
out of the business of fighting ZOG's wars.
--Tim May
You'll get the Trifecta with John Kerry: a Communist, a Jew (recently
acknowledged), and a Papist.  Me, I'd rather we find the ZOG-employed traitors in the Pentagon, try
them, hang them, and then pull out of all such "foreign adventures"
"entanglements," which our first and most honest President warned us
Let the Shiites and Sunnis fight it out in Iraq, let three million
invaders swim for their lives, and let the entire Dark Continent deal
with its own savagery, AIDS, cannibalism, killings of Hutus, killings
of Tutsis, HIV, malaria, child rape, and voodoo in its own way. In 30
years the Dark Continent should be ready for white people, the last
in the ZOG state will have been nailed to a cross, and the world can
get on with things without U.S. Big Brother interference.
--Tim May
I "retired" more than 18 years ago, in 1986.
Near the beach, too. However, I don't believe active minds actually "retire." Rather, they
do what is important to them, whether or not K-Mart or Lockheed or
Apple or Intel is employing them.
Me, I spend my years devoloping tools to fight the Zionist Entity,
including the popular anonymous remailers and steganography to allow
freedom fighters to fight Amerika and ZOG without detection,  to send
the last evil Jew to the ovens.
And category theory, topos theory, Haskell, functional programmng,
crypto, so long as no Zionist criminals need to be dealt with.
--Tim May
Martian Luther King needed killing because he was just from fucking
(Had this Martian not called for redistributing income from niggers
white people, he might still be alive. As it was, "good riddance to
nigger trash." I cheered when this nigger was shot, in 1968, a very
good year.)
--Tim May
Of course not. In many cases the orders to evacuate are the orders
the niggers to move in and start looting.
My sister was "ordered" to leave her home when Hurricane Hugo was
approaching Charleston in '89. She ignored this unconstitional order.
Her house was saved against the nigra looter who swarmed out of the
ghettoes. Her neighbors who obeyed Big Brother got fucked royally,
exactly as the nigger and his government allies wanted.
Those who tell us to leave our homes have earned killing. You hear that, Jeb, you nigger-loving statist criminal?
--Tim May
None of my Macs were built by niggers.
--Tim May
It is time we recognize the nigger, the spic, the layabout, the
the skank, the gutter sweepings, for what he or she is: trash.
The niggers and spics and garbage who demand that our Jew senators
us to pay for their mistakes need killing. Our Jew politicians need
more than killing: they need their Jew spawn killed before their eyes
and then their Jew asses staked to the ground and left to slowly die.
Niggers in American ought to catch the next boat back to Sudan and
Zaire and Sierra Leone and Cannibaland, places where there whole
outlook is what they want, "respek, homes."
Fuck the nigger and his Jew lackey dead. --Tim May
As for you, you should be killed before the next new moon.
Good riiddance to nigger rubbish.
--Tim May
What was almost completed in the 1940s before the Jew Roosevelt
it, must be completed in the coming decades.
--Tim May
We need to find ways to help Al Qaeda nuke Washington, D.C. Killing a
quarter of a million government employee leeches and three quarters
a million negro welfare leeches sounds like a good deal.
Fuck them dead.
Allah Aqbar!
--Tim May
Anyone who thinks otherwise needs killing. Most Democrats and
Republicans need killing.
Fifty million niggers, Jews, Mexicans, and fellow travelers need
killing. Allah, we beseech thee: Kill the Sinful tens of millions.
--Tim May
We're talking about America and the U.S. Constitution, not something
called "The Geneva Convention" that Jews and niggers and commies in
Europe got passed.
--Tim May
We are taxed twice, thrice, even four times, for these facilities. We
are taxed at corporate rates, at individual rates, and then must pay
double or triple the actual rate to further subsidize these
No wonder the white person wants the brown person sent up the
along with their Jew facillitators.
--Tim May
I'm chortling. The burn-off of one hundred million useless eaters is
going to be glorious.
--Tim May

@_date: 2004-12-08 19:50:50
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: loosing mail..  
I seem to have not received a few of the emails in the PROMIS thread.
What is the best approach if one really wants to receive all emails?
I'm currently only on minder and it seems from time to time mail
doesn't get through?
Should one simply subscribe to several nodes (and receive some
redundant traffic)?
I sent test messages (help command) to several of the listed mail
servers a whort while back but only these responded:
 majordomo at ds.pro-ns.net
 majordomo at algebra.com
 majordomo at al-qaeda.net
I did not receive an answer at all from minder even though I'm
receiving my list mail through minder, so it cannot be all dead.
Is there (still) an online archive somewhere being saved of the
cypherpunks messages?

@_date: 2004-12-10 20:20:16
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks archives online 
There were some talk about archives here recently.
I found two here:
And this does indeed seem to be an active archive of the list:

@_date: 2004-03-02 00:10:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Gentlemen reading mail part II (opsec review) 
Justin says:
  That's when you strap on the C-4 vest.
Zombie Monger

@_date: 2004-11-03 12:50:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: This Memorable Day 
Hash: SHA1
R.A. Hettinga:
    Nonsense! Are you in junior high?
    This post gave me a big laugh. So naive. There are a few basic
forces feeding extremism and terrorism around the world and those are
inequalities and injustice anywhere. As long as the most powerful
nations of the world continues to exploit the earth's resources
without taking appropriate considerations to other nations the wrath
and dismay of people elsewhere will always persist. Not understanding
this or simply neglecting it will further add to the negative
feelings and opinions and fuel extremism.
    The only way to move towards a more friendly world is to make
people feel they are able to share the wealth and prosperity of the
world. As long as there is one single person anywhere in the world
hungering to death there is still a basis for fundamentalism and all
the problem that leads to.
    Continuing being arrogant and policing the world without
listening to the oppressed people in the middle east and elsewhere
will never ever eradicate terrorism. You may may or may not be able
to reasonable confidently hinder most terror deeds (but only after
having turned also the western civilization into police states) but
you cannot stop the oppressed man from growing the hatred i his mind.
    If you do not understand this you are not only unintelligent
IMNSHO but also part of the problem itself.
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
 (Malcolm X)
Johnny Doelittle

@_date: 2004-11-04 13:40:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: This Memorable Day 
Hash: SHA1
James A. Donald:
    This was quite lame and doesn't really deserve a response.     To label any argument that points out the obvious circumstance
that injustice feeds hatred as communist propaganda, is really only
ridiculous, even if it's also dangerously incompetent and as such no
real laughing matter.
    Why do you mention Bin Laden anyway? There are thousands of
bigger and smaller groups around the world (they exists in every
country more or less) that we'd label as terrorists in the western
part of the world. You think every one of these hundreds of thousands
or perhaps millions of recruits and followers are millionaires?
Fantastically lame comment to a real and important issue.
    Should we take you seriously when you write these childish rants?
    I don't know what to fear the most, the dangerous ignorance of
those of your kind or what dictatorial rulers may accomplish using
your ignorant kind as followers who do not question the truths from
the authorities. Hitler did it in the 30's election where some 37%
voted for the nazis, in a democratic multi-party election I might
add. Some of the ingrediences present then in Hitler's rhetoric are
also present today in Bush's rhetoric, even though I don't mean to
make the comparison .
    We just cannot afford to be this naive.
    I can't help thinking about the fact that we usually portray
Americans as a religious and church going people. Perhaps some 25%
attend church on a somewhat regular basis. To make matters worse
those people seem to vote for Bush(?). One can't help wonder if
they're literate and if they actually read the bible and it's message
of love, understanding, forgiveness and compassion for their fellow
    May god bless the world, we may need it.
Johnny Doelittle
Men willingly believe what they wish.
(Julius Caesar)
There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity.
(von Goethe)

@_date: 2004-11-04 14:40:05
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: This Memorable Day 
Hash: SHA1
R.A. Hettinga:
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
    You too. Sad it is.
    Howcome the Americans became so egocentrical and cynical that
anyone who dares to speak up and support compassion for his fellow
man automatically is a communist?
    It's a sincere question, no doubt in my mind that we won't get a
sincere answer though.
    Reading your email actually reminds me of those of Tim May, he
also seemed to be full of bigotry and hatred and deeply disliked
anyone who were unfortunate enough to be poor.
    No I don't shit into a hole, but I can still try to be unbiased
and extend a though or two to other people who are not so fortunate
as we are to be born in the rich part of the world.
    To me it's enough to at least try to understand and try live by
the spirit of the Bible.
    It's also quite ironical that all those right wing voters
actually read communist propaganda in church, since that is the
logical conclusion of your arguments made here.
    You like quotes, ok here I have a small collection for you, maybe
one or two of them qualifies as white oppressors too, I don't know.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups,
parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
An honest man can feel no pleasure in the exercise of power over his fellow citizens.
(Thomas Jefferson)
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be
depended upon to meet any national crises. The great point is to
bring them the real facts.  (Abraham Lincoln)
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless
they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.  What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans and the
homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of
totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty or democracy?  (Mahatma Gandhi)
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
(Martin Luther King)
    In my calendar it's November already, I don't know about yours.
Johnny Doelittle

@_date: 2004-11-06 13:40:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Why Americans Hate Democrats-A Dialogue 
John Young:
"CJ" is "CJ Parker", who posted a few emails to this list back in
early 2003? I guess I haven't been around long enough to know all
famous cpunks who have been posting to the list. Maybe someone could
tell in short who those were, I guess there are one or two on the
list who weren't around and would appreciate the stories.
I think I remember having read about Bell, something about him having
threatened FBI agents or something?
Does Jim Bell post emails somewhere today?

@_date: 2004-11-08 09:50:06
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: The Values-Vote Myth 
J.A. Terranson schrieb:
Wow! A Tim May copycat!
(Both the 'useless eaters' and the 'chimney'!)

@_date: 2004-11-19 11:40:02
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Why Americans Hate Dissenters 
John Young:
Hi John
Thanks for the info! Several times in the past I've seen concrete
relevant questions asked on the list without anyone taking their time
to answer them. The stories of these cypherpunks are indeed
interesting and relevant for the list.
I guess the story of Jim and CJ is the reason why one of the
cypherpunks nodes used to have this text on the page:
"It is known this list is under surveillence by US and foreign law
enforcement and intelligence agencies, consider using anonymous
remailers and cryptography"

@_date: 2004-10-07 08:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Implant replaces ID cards for access to restricted areas. 
Mexican Attorney General, Staff Get Chip Implants
Implant replaces ID cards for access to restricted areas.
The Attorney General of Mexico, Rafael Macedo de la Concha, recently announced at the opening of Mexico's National Information Center that
and some of his staff had been implanted with VeriChips to replace
ID tags for access to restricted areas, and to access the country's
crime

@_date: 2004-10-11 10:50:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Money Laundering for the Nazis by President Bush's family 
The subject says it all. Read more here:
We must retire this criminal from office now!
Link to the full 89 MB pdf below
(Concat above rows to one URL)

@_date: 2004-10-13 10:30:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Poor privacy protection in the states 
Why don't Americans honour security and privacy higher?
Look at this page
Which is from a police department!
If we look at the spirit of this quote I don't see how it is ok to
behave in this abusive manner by the authorities.
"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
papers and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall
not be violated..." (from the fourth amendment, US constitution)
It is one thing if we're talking about very dangerous individuals who
are being sought after by the police and who the public needs to be
aware of but here we have a completely different situation.
Why is the integrity and security of the simple man on the street not
honoured in the US society today? It's a big difference between the
protection of personal privacy in Europe and in the US and all
Americans should really ask themselves why this has to be.

@_date: 2004-09-01 13:30:01
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Remailers an unsolveable paradox? 
Hash: SHA1
Are remailers an unsolveable paradox?
    We want to be able to provide the means for whistleblowers and
others to communicate in a secure and anonymous fashion. Yet we need
to make sure we're not abused too much since sooner or later laws
will catch up with the remailers should abuse sky-rocket.
    Once upon a time all email servers were open relays. This was a
friendly time and spam wasn't invented. As time changed the focus
turned on securing the relaying procedures and has continued until
this day. Yet as we know the flow of spam (most of it coming directly
or indirectly from US) continued to increase, despite even existing
legislation today.
    What are the possible solutions for the remailers? Make all
remailers middleman only and adding the ability to opt-in for
delivery outside the network? Having a network of middleman remailers
and some nymservers that only delivers to other nymserver or opted-in
servers will at least provide some means for people to communicate
between themselves. It would in practise destroy the ability to
contact anyone outside the network though, making the network an
isolated place for a few. Using techniques like Hashcash should be
more or less mandatory even today to make it harder to mailbomb or
send large amounts spam? Why is it not?
    Regardless of what any hardcore cypherpunk or old-timers in the
remailer community may think about any ideas imposing restrains on
the useability of remailers something just have to be made about the
abuse of the system. I also predict that the abuse will increase so
time is ticking in a sense.
    Making sure we have robust remailing services in one shape or
another and at the same time have some kind of at least indirect
acceptance from legislators and also a low degree of spam flowing
through are essential goals.
    The average naive and ignorant redneck will never ever understand
the principal arguments for free speech that makes remailers useful.
The average american do not think and analyze what is told to him.
You will probably today find millions of americans who believe that
Saddam and Al-Qaeda did business just because Bush and the
administration lied about that initially, even though it's more or
less confirmed today that those links were not there.
    The rednecks also vote however (to some extent) and that's why it
will be a piece of cake to strike against the remailers if the
politicians would like to. And they will, if and when serious abuse
were to happen more often utilizing remailers. What would happen if
it was found (or simply suspected or claimed) that some terror deed
was planned using remailers? How long time would it take for us to
see new laws being proposed? Not long. And don't forget that anyone
(like Tom Ridge himself) could send bogues messages through the
system trying to     Since providing a true non-censoring remailing service and at the
same time safeguard against spam and abuse are therotically
incompatible I guess remailers are indeed a paradox waiting to be
shut down sooner or later by politicians if we're not open to at
least discuss some aspects of how these services are operated.
Johnny Doelittle

@_date: 2004-09-04 21:50:14
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: Remailers an unsolveable paradox? 
The ratio of remailer use to abuse is painfully low because there's no way
to actually communicate. You can broadcast but not recieve, because no
system exists to receive mail psuedononymously. This is not communication.
Remailer use is restricted to when senders don't care about listenerssss,
which means rants, death threats, and the abuse of spam. The only systems
for receiving mail are at best some college student's unimplemented thesis.
Let's take our shining example of truth and freedom, the whistle-blower.
When they send out mail to the media or whomever, one of two things happens:
they see the story published or they don't. If not, there's no idea why: was
it received? Did the media want more information? Did they need more
support? Do they want to verify it? Do they want to help the whistle-blower?
Even if the story is published, whistle-blowing is kneecapped: it can't be
supported, or expanded on, or debated in any but the most rudimentary
It doesn't matter if remailers disappear, they've already failed.

@_date: 2005-01-03 02:20:04
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: SIGINT and COMSEC Discussion Group 
Why would we use a "groups beta" at google's when there's a big and
proven yahoogroups that's been around for ages (under various names)?

@_date: 2005-09-11 05:40:03
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: RFID driver's licenses? 
A friend of mine is expressing concern over the recently passed REAL ID act
which will supposedly require RFID-readable driver's licenses (which it doesn't
say in the text of the bill which just makes a vague reference to
"machine-readable technology".)
My questions are:
1. Have any states already implemented RFID-readable IDs/licenses?
2. If not, which states plan to?

@_date: 2005-09-22 16:50:07
@_author: Nomen Nescio 
@_subject: GPS Jammer Firm nearly ejected from Russian air show. 
GPS frequencies are fixed, so they can be interfered with.  Only in
these days of general technological incompetence, where intangible
scientific principles have reverted to their ancient status as mystic,
is the concept of RF interference newsworthy.
L1 (1575.42MHz) [1]
L2 (1227.60MHz) [1]
L3 (1381.05MHz) [1]
L4 (1841.40MHz) [1]
L5 (1176.45MHz) [1]
WAAS/EGNOS/MSAS (same as L1) [2]
DGPS (283-325khz) [3,4]
[1] [2] [3] [4]
