
@_date: 1996-03-01 07:24:16
@_author: Anonymous Remail Service 
@_subject: Jim clark spoke last November in favor of GAK 
Here are Jim Clark's comments in favor of GAK. It should be
emphasized that since then, Netscape has officially clarified its
position against GAK, and that the actions of the company speak loudly
of their support of strong crypto. Nonetheless, these comments were
made for the record, so let the record show:
[Segue from a brief explanation of public key cryptography and
certification authorities]
So, this is a sophisticated enough system, but you run into a problem.
I mean, it all works perfectly. Assuming there's no compromises in the
the basic... Assuming there's no holes in the operating system, or no
other ways of getting into the computer that's doing all this stuff,
then you've got a system that's bulletproof. That's the problem. The
government doesn't want it to be bulletproof. And the reason they
don't is they want to be able to get access in cases of where there's
national security issues or such, they want to be able to get access
to your private communications.
But you can break that into two parts. There's one area that they
don't care about. And that area is if you cannot possibly send an
encrypted message to someone... Let's take as an example, you're doing
a financial transaction. If that transaction can only... If that
communication can only be used to do a financial transaction, such as
move money from A to B, or doing a wire transfer of funds, the
government doesn't care about that. Uh, maybe they do, but the point
is that's not the kind of communication where you're going to possibly
say I'm going to blow up the World Trade Center, or some such thing.
That's where they're worried.
But this whole process leads to a set of questions about how you
protect this data encryption technology - how you make it usable in a
way that the government finds acceptable, and that you as the
individual or you as the corporation find acceptable. And I've been
thinking about this a lot. It's clear that this notion of issuing
someone a bulletproof key, that is, that create their own private key
where they can do any arbitrary communications via email to anywhere
in the world with no restrictions and no one can possibly eavesdrop.
It's clear to me that that is not going to happen. And the reason it
isn't is that the governments of the world aren't going to let it
So you might as well sort of accept that at some level the government
is going to be able to overhear or eavesdrop certain aspects of what
you do. But as I said, the financial aspects, pure financial
transactions, not general purpose electronic communications, but pure
financial transactions, they really don't care. That isn't what
they're trying to eavesdrop. They just want to be able to hear if
you're planning on doing some illegal activity.
And therefore this idea of key escrow comes up and that's what this
chart, this thing is about. Key escrow. For the government, you know
your private key, but also the government knows your private key.
(now, you can, and so) That's one way to do it. They can always know
your private key. You know, you've got a problem with your company
too. (but, you know) Most companies are trying to protect the
interests of the company and the shareholders, and that means that
companies, (I mean I know it, but) I'll bet every single one of your
companies has a mechanism to allow them to listen to your email or
your voicemail or look at some of that stuff at some point in history
because you might be doing something that compromises the interest of
that company, illegally.
So, even there, you need some mechanism to allow a corporation or the
government or someone to be able to get access when they absolutely
have to. That's the rub. When is, when do you absolutely need that
kind of access? We'd all like to think it's as rarely as possible, and
hopefully, never. But I think that these public key cryptosystems have
to accomodate that kind of need. They have to allow people in
governments to be able to access it.
(I, I mean) I just came back from Europe. And, you know, we're allowed
to export only the 40-bit version of our product into those countries.
Well, I can assure you that's not satisfactory from those (companies')
countries' point of view. Companies and the countries of Europe,
Germany, France, the UK, want to be able to have just as secure
communications as we can have inside our country. Because it's not to
do illicit things, it's to protect business secrets, so if they're
going to use the Internet for generalized communication they want to
be able to protect their generalized communication - against corporate
espionage. And that's a very, very valid requirement.
And so, I think we're taking the wrong solution if the way we're going
to protect information is just to make the keys easier to break, to
make the lock easier to break. We have to find a better way. That
means you need long keys, you need to have them be bulletproof, but
there needs to be some sort of access, and that's where the idea of
key escrow comes. But I think the key escrow idea is a little bit
wrong, because I think what you really need is the ability to... Think
of it this way; if I've got a lock, my key will open the lock. But I
may want to have another keyhole, where someone else's key will open
that lock as well. That other key might be the government's key. It
might be the key of my corporation if I'm doing corporate business.
(but) Or for example, you might have a health record, you know, a
medical record. You want to protect that. That's your private
information. But what happens when you're disabled, and there's an
emergency you need to get access to your health data, then there needs
to a be keyhole to allow people to open the lock in that case too.
So there's a kind of a diferent concept or a different mechanism -
multiple keys opening a lock, for example. There's one potential way,
and what we need is an electronic equivalent to that, I think these
things will come along very shortly.
You might also want to have unanimous, all keys have to be inserted
into the lock, kind of like the infamous red button that launches
missiles. The president and several other people have to have access
to it. This is the general concept, and I think that's what we're
going to have to have in a data security sense.
So, I have spent some time talking about the company Netscape, a
little bit about security in general...
Transcribed from:
DCI Email World and Internet Expo held in November 95 in Boston.
DC9523 session 100 - Security on the Net.
Tape is available from Conference Copy Inc.

@_date: 1996-07-24 14:19:58
@_author: Anonymous Remail Service 
@_subject: Netscape 
As I have said before, European & other foreign users, who get the strong-
crypto version should pay Netscape what they owe Netscape, to keep the ITAR
as the issue, and not piracy. These are two separate issues, and if necessary
the foreign users can mail anonymous cash [the paper kind] to assuage their
consciences. Not all will do this, of course, but that's another example of
ITAR losing US companies $ again. Lucky is, as usual right. There is a double
standard for PGPdistribution vs other strong crypto distribution, and Tim is
also right that this GAK-loving info-disclosure requirement sets a *really*
lousy precedent for later software distributions. Pelease deal with issues

@_date: 1996-07-29 04:33:43
@_author: Anonymous Remail Service 
@_subject: Terrorist voice recognition 
Does anyone else find it odd that the tape of the 911 call, threatening the
terrorist bomb at the Olympic Park, still hasn't been released to the media?
It would seem that there is at least a possibility that someone could know
this person's voice and finger him for the feds...
I have a [disturbing, hence anonymous] explanation: The feds figure they have
already got a pool of people who can recognise the voice of a pipe-bomber, as
sworn courtroom admissions show that the previous pipebombs' burial locations,
supposedly known to "the Georgia Militia," were actually only known to a single
government informant infiltrator. [The media, for some strange reason, didn't
choose to report this little item. The militia case has now been delayed.]

@_date: 1996-07-31 15:50:37
@_author: Anonymous Remail Service 
@_subject: Aspol=ego 
Jim Bell raved:
                                                    ^^
If anyone thinks _YOU_ thought of it first, they don't know history...

@_date: 1996-06-20 21:52:44
@_author: Anonymous Remail Service 
@_subject: Congress is at it again 
HOME RECORDING RIGHTS COALITION ALERT !!
IMMINENT CONGRESSIONAL ACTION ON NII COPYRIGHT BILL
THREATENS CONSUMER ELECTRONICS PRODUCTS
The House of Representatives Subcommittee on Courts and Intellectual
Property will meet in the next few days to vote on H.R. 2441, the "NII
Copyright Protection Act." If you or your business are in the
congressional district of one of the Members of Congress listed below,
please call the Subcommittee member who represents you NOW.  Tell his
office that this badly imbalanced bill shouldn't be voted on unless
and until the following problem is addressed.   If passed in its
current form, H.R. 2441 would:
 o make it a crime to manufacture the next generation of VCRs,
personal computers and other digital devices needed for recreational
and educational use by adding a sweeping and overbroad new Section
1201 to the Copyright Act.
If you need more information, check out the HRRC home page at  or call toll free 1-800-282-8273.
ACTION NEEDED NOW!!!
Please immediately prepare a  letter to send (use the draft letter
below as a model) - keep it short. --AND CALL -- the Member of the
House Judiciary Subcommittee on Courts and Intellectual Property who
represents you (see list).  These contacts must be made NO LATER THAN
Tuesday, June 18, and preferably sooner. In addition, please forward
this alert on to your friends and colleagues.
Please address all letters as indicated in the list below to
Washington, DC  20515.  All phone and fax (f) numbers are area code
The Honorable Carlos Moorhead R-CA 2346 RHOB
The Honorable James Sensenbrenner R-WI
2332 RHOB
The Honorable George Gekas R-PA
2410 RHOB
f: 225-8440
The Honorable Howard Coble R-NC 403 CHOB
The Honorable Elton Gallegly R-CA 2441 RHOB
The Honorable Charles Canady R-FL 1222 LHOB
The Honorable Bob Goodlatte R-NC 123 CHOB
f: 225-9681
The Honorable Martin Hoke R-OH
212 CHOB
The Honorable Sonny Bono R-CA
512 CHOB
The Honorable John Conyers, Jr. D-MI
2426 RHOB
The Honorable Patricia Schroeder D-CO
2307 RHOB
The Honorable Howard Berman D-CA
2231 RHOB
The Honorable Rick Boucher D-VA
2245 RHOB
The Honorable Jerry Nadler D-NY
109 CHOB
The Honorable Xavier Becerra D-CA
1119 LHOB
 SAMPLE LETTER
The Honorable                        Washington, DC  20515
Dear Rep. ____________:
I have learned that Section 1201 of the NII Copyright Protection Act
(H.R. 2441) could take away my right to use new digital video
technology for my personal recording. It also could delay or even
prevent these new products from being available to consumers.
If I record television programs, I do it for my personal use and
convenience. The Supreme Court's "Betamax" decision confirmed my right
to do this. Section 1201 will change the current law so that I may not
be able to do this in the future with new digital video products.
I understand that a House subcommittee vote on this bill is planned
for next week. I realize that the copyright issue is complex, but
please remember to protect my rights as a consumer. I hope you will
vote against H.R. 2441 as drafted. Will you please let me know your
position on this issue?
YOUR NAME
Thank you.

@_date: 1996-06-26 00:24:12
@_author: Anonymous Remail Service 
@_subject: PhillNoise: Re: Those Evil Republicans 
"Dr." Hallam-Baker  ["but I don't think that I would ever let him cut on me." - sorry Jimmy]
Agreed, any more than is Willie's subsidizing illegitimacy, despite his oft-
proven love for sex-without-responsibility.
This is so moronic it could only come from Hallam. For you, "deregulation"
means doubling the government's liability, as happened when that space-
cadet (really!) Garn and that crook Fernand St. Germain raised the payout
from 50 to 100 thousand. Yeah, Phill, that really deregulated 'em...
Certainly not for that crook Cranston, either. There's a reason 4 of the
Keating 5 were Democrats, Phill. They were and are even more for sale than
the Republicans. Political history, even recent, isn't your strong suit,
and your pity for taxpayers is touching, if a bit recent.

@_date: 1996-03-05 01:40:38
@_author: Anonymous Remail Service 
@_subject: No Subject 
Thought that this was worth reposting:
Groundfog at alpha.c2.org

@_date: 1996-03-23 22:07:53
@_author: Anonymous Remail Service 
@_subject: Censorship 
William B. F--- er, F. Buckley? The "libertarian" who supports
blue laws and prayer in schools wanting to censor the internet?
(And maybe it's not rational, but anyone with a name like
"Arianna Huffington" is not worth taking seriously outside a
room full of hundred- and fifty year old WASPs burning Beatles
albums and copies of Origin of Species.)
_Firing Line_ debate
Resolved: The Government Has the Right to Regulate the Internet
"A current communications controversy fuels the proposed resolution in the
latest installment of William F. Buckley Jr.'s recurring series, in which
participants debate whether the Internet should be federally regulated.
Among those arguing for it with Buckley are Arianna Huffington and Reid
Hoffman; those against it include Susan Estrich and John Perry Barlow."
