
@_date: 2003-12-09 00:47:27
@_author: edo 
@_subject: (No Subject) 
Lne is on dialup? Wow.
Anyhow, I'm a newbie who has been lurking a while. Privacy concerns and what
intelligent people think about it is what got me on this list.With the USA
becoming the world's most totalitarian state in disguise... The sheen on the
illusion of liberty here will wear thin soon, IMHO.People think that they enjoy
liberty here because they can buy a gun. Yes the libertarians can claim that
the guns protect them, and Afganistan and Iraq have been demonstrations of
how it prevents a hostile takeover (just like someones sig about an RPG a day...)
What good does it do inside the USA unless civil war breaks out? How does it
protect the war protestors in NYC or those in Miami? I don't oppose guns, but just want to point out that the govt has been rapidly
diminishing our civil liberties despite all the guns...
As far as I'm concerned, true anonymity in finacial affairs (and secure communication
channels) is the only real method open to peacefully combat the all seeing,
all powerful government. I'm sure the interest in this will first focus on
things like e-gold when common people see their life savings evaporate as the
dollar continues its plunge. Any one with thoughts on this? Of course only
a small percentage of the general public will be bright enough to see that
a fiat currency does not last forever... and is dependent on the ever increasing
projection of power by a nation state, which is not a stable sort of situation.The
majority of them will want federal bailouts etc.
What I'm curious about is digital currencies. Can anyone speak about the Digital
Monetary Trust or DMT? I'm sorry I have not read the last upteen years of mail
archives, but I'm interested in what people think NOW about Orlin Grabbe, DMT,
e-gold etc. Anyone with anonymous or otherwise stories? People who've been
part of the battle? Sorry for the ramble, but the most interesting comment recently was about David
Chaums patents expiring soon... any word on its potential impact?
Peace and liberty.
