
@_date: 1993-08-12 09:18:27
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Alice better not be carrying any software that could retrieve that data. The cynic in me suggests that this scenario is just an excuse for the data police to seize any equipment or data it feels like. Besides, Alice won't be stopped by the data police, Alice will have her door kicked in by the data police and they'll take everything electronic she has, including harmless music and video. And anything electronic they find in her residence, whether it belongs to her or not.

@_date: 1993-08-12 14:18:14
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Real time OCR 
Neural network hardware is currently being trained to recognize the
serial numbers on US$.  This is being done by a company that has
successfully applied its nn hardware to read the numbers off of        checks and distinguish between real/fake while obtaining the numbers too.

@_date: 1993-08-19 14:01:05
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Physical to digital cash, and back again 
As usual, Hal Finney writes an excellent post on digital cash.
However, some assumptions need to be addressed.
In its first few years of operation (at least), a digicash currency
will be of highly uncertain value and reputation:
Currency will:
* Be of questionable legality in some jurisdictions.  Once
they catch on, governments will actively suppress it.
* Lack a track record.
* Be able to purchase only a limited number of specialized
information services -- the customer won't be able to use it to buy groceries, make house or car payments, etc.
Thus, as a customer, the *first* thing I will be concerned about is
the ability to convert my digital cash into currency that can
be used to purchase physical goods & services in my local
jurisdiction.  Specific application  -- an information worker
or contractor being payed in digital cash will want to convert that digital cash into local currency, early and often.  Specific application  customer deposits money into an account to pay for online services.  In most cases the customer will be concerned about
refunds and return of unspent funds.  Specific application on-line casino, with digital cash chips.  Casino customers'
first priority will be the ability to "cash out" with as little
hassle as possible.  Now we could stretch things and call the person who wants to
cash out the "shop" (especially for case  but then the
necessity of a user-freindly system would apply just as much
to shops as it would to customers.  Better to have a symmetric relationship between agents rather than dividing the world into customers and shops.  Any of these agents may wish to make payments in either direction.  In many cases the amount of payments will be quite assymetric, but in most cases the ability to make secure payments both ways should exist.
This gives us the following model:  (using FRNs as the local
legal cash currency):
     |
FRN bearer acct <--> d-cash acct <-> agents   |
				|     |
  physical cash
Not a good idea, checks are not private!  Try cash or money

@_date: 1993-08-19 22:51:18
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Blinded RSA signatures 
An excellent description of blinding and digital
cash, forwarded from sci.crypt:
In article <24924cINNg4c at network.ucsd.edu>,  -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
 Some time ago I read an article in Scientific American
 about using RSA and smart cards to achieve untraceable
 and unforgable electronic cash.  The system hinged on being
 able to "blind" a message which would be signed
 by the bank, and then the blinding would be removed
 without disturbing the signature.  The signed message
 would then decrypt to the original message, but the signer
 would not know what she had signed.  The article made no
 mention of how to do this "blinding".
 This morning I came up with a method which I would like
 comments upon.  First the notation
 ^ : exponentiation
 n : the bank's modulus (p*q in usual notation)
 e : the exponent used to encrypt the message sent
 	to the bank
 d : the exponent used to decrypt the bank's encryption.
 t : the text that you want signed.
 x : some random number with a multiplicative inverse mod n.
 y : the inverse of x mod n.
 c : the cipher text corresponding to t
 a : the blinded plain text
 b : the encrypted blinded text.
 Now the procedure.
 blind the plain text by
 	a = ((x^d) * t) mod n
 the bank encrypts a by
 	b = (a^e) mod n
 	  = ((((x^d)^e)mod n) * ((t^e)mod n)) mod n
 the blind is removed by multiplying through by y
 	since ((x^d)^e)mod n = (x^(d*e))mod n = x
 	c = y * b  	  = (y * x * ((t^e) mod n))mod n
 	  = (t^e) mod n
 The question is, can one find x and y such that
 (x*y) mod n = 1, and can the bank recover t when only given a.
 Also, please tell me if there is some fundamental error in
 my handeling of math mod n.
 Many thanks for any comments.  If anyone knows the method the
 original authors used, please post that as well.
Fine description of Chaum's blind signature protocol.  Your
math looks good.
It is easy to find y, given x and n, such that (x*y) mod n = 1,
(provided gcd(x,n)=1, as it is for most x ).
See Knuth Vol II section 4.5.2, or look up the extended
Euclid's algorithm in some good algorithms text.
The bank can not tell which t was signed via some a, since
for any t and a with t in the multiplicative group mod n,
there is some x such that a=x^d * t (mod n).
Thus (1)the procedure is tractable, (2)blind forgeries are only possible if RSA is weak, and (3)the "blind" is unconditionally secure.
Bryan Olson
olson at umbc.edu

@_date: 1993-08-20 03:36:21
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Parallel DES Decrypt Experiment 
I say do it as an experiment.  That's how I always justified doing crazy
stuff as a child.
Besides, as a non-programmer, I am exempt from actually doing any work
on the project.

@_date: 1993-08-25 03:35:36
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No digital coins (was: Chaum on the wrong foot?) 
If your goal is only privacy of personal information not economic privacy
you would do better to support Clipper-like systems (such as DigiCash
with an IRS-Tax Backdoor). Supporting untracable perfectly secure
cash will make taxation and state economic planning hard if not impossible.
It is contradictory for a liberal to support DigiCash, Strong Cryptography,
etc because effective collective coercion requires personal information.
All you have to do is take perfect anonymity to its natural conclusion
and you see where it leads. (and it ain't socialism)

@_date: 1993-08-25 03:36:33
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Blinding messages (newbie questions) 
Excellent post!  Can you tolerate a few newbie questions?
So "blinding" is a synonym for encryption with your own public
key, aka multiplication by a very-hard-to-factor number?
In other words if Alice encrypts and Bob signs, Da(Db(Ea(M))) = Db(M)?  Under what conditions?  Does RSA (in PGP) satisfy those conditions?
For what applications would Bob want to sign an encrypted contract
instead of a plaintext?

@_date: 1993-08-28 02:38:03
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: "The Internet Letter"--Internet's First Commercial Digest 
The Internet Letter (ISSN 1070-9851), the first commercial newsletter
on the Internet, will premiere at INET 93 and INTEROP(r)93, and a hard
copy version will be available at Booth  (InterCon Systems Corp.)
in the South Hall of the Moscone Center.
The first issue of TIL provides provides the following information
about the editor:
     The editor is Jayne Levin (netweek at access.digex.net). Levin
     was former deputy bureau chief of Institutional Investor in
     Washington, D.C., and has written on the Internet for The
     Washington Post and Infoworld. Tony Rutkowski
     (amr at CNRI.Reston.VA.US) is special adviser. Rutkowski is
     founder and vice president of the Internet Society and
     director of technology assessment at Sprint Corp. He was
     former editor-in-chief and publisher of Telecommunications
     magazine. Levin will be available for interviews at INTEROP.
     Contact INTEROP press relations.
The table of contents for the first issue covered a wide range
of topics. The articles were professionally written and incisive:
001) INTERNET EXPERIENCING AN INFORMATION EXPLOSION
002) COMPANIES TAP INTERNET'S POWER
003) THE TOP 150 COMMERCIAL USERS ON INTERNET -- CHART
004) CIA, US GOVERNMENT INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES DEVELOP INTERNET LINK
005) REALTY FIRM IMPROVES PRODUCTIVITY, INTERNET SPEEDS REALTY TRANSACTIONS
006) MULTIMEDIA MAGAZINE TO DEBUT ON INTERNET
007) TASK FORCE PROPOSES STANDARD TO SECURE CONTENTS OF E-MAIL
008) INTERNET MERCANTILE STANDARDS EXPLORED
009) GOPHER LICENSING FEE SPARKS DISPUTE
010) FINDING GOPHER & GN
011) FROM SOFTWARE TO MAGAZINES, BUYING ELECTRONICALLY
012) CIX LAUNCHES COMMERCIAL "INFORMATION" EXCHANGE
013) SOME COMPANIES PREFER WAIS FOR BUILDING IN-HOUSE DATABASES
014) MORE ON WAIS
015) INTERNET TO ASSIST BETHANY IN ADOPTION SERVICES
016) FAQ
017) PROVIDERS' CIRCUIT
018) CIX CONTACTS -- CHART
019) TIPS & TECHNIQUES
020) POINTERS
021) TALK OF THE NET
022) WASHINGTON
023) READ ALL ABOUT IT
024) DATEBOOK
The first issue of TIL provides the following price information:
     30-DAY INTEROP SPECIAL (good until September 30)
     40% Discount off the regular rate of $249/year
     Charter subscriptions: $149/year -- a 40% discount.
     Universities and nonprofits $95/year.
     If you not completely satified, your money will be refunded.
     You can receive The Internet Letter electronically or on paper.

@_date: 1993-08-31 03:49:02
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Internet commerce...for your cracking pleasure 
INDIVIDUAL INTERNET SUBSCRIPTIONS AVAILABLE!
Have you ever wanted the convenience of the news delivered directly to
your e-mail box?  Now its possible!
...USA Today....The Moscow News is available for just $80 a year.
For more information, or to place an order send an e-mail to
subscrib at americast.com  Include the e-mail the address to which you
want the services delivered.  In that e-mail please designate the paper
and sections you would like to receive, give your full name, address,
phone number, and the credit card (Visa or MasterCard) you will be
using for the purchase, and the credit card expiration date.

@_date: 1993-12-03 09:44:12
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-12-03 19:39:13
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
I'm sure I'm missing something obvious here, but why are all
   these keyservers being forced to shut down?
isn't it obvious?  it's almost certainly a combination of spineless
academic administrators, and secret lawyers letters from pkp.
i'm just surprised that nobody has scanned/typed in and published the
letters from the bullies.

@_date: 1993-12-03 22:09:15
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Retransmission in clear 
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Let's make a deal, "CypherPunk Criminal"...
Actually, let's 'construct' a deal.  I'd like to hear your ideas for
lucrative exchanges made possible by this sort of anonymity.  I am
particularly interested in markets which have some amount of public
sympathy, but may be embarassing or illegal for some participants.
Nothing drastic to start with, but it could be interesting...
Hober Mallow, Trader to Cyberspace

@_date: 1993-12-04 13:44:31
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Anonymity Offense 
Hal noted:
The most bogus problem of the remailer system is lack of traffic. I mean how many messages go thru a given remailer a day? 1? 10? 100? This makes it
pitifully easy to track messages. Padding them to the same size helps but if you have to track ten messages around (even though the problem becomes more egregious at each site) so what. Queing is a drag if you have to wait a day
to get enough mail to send out. If I wanted it to take that long I'd send it snail mail. More traffic = shorter que time needed to make things a bummer for trackers. Random traversing messages are a reasonable temporary solution but Remailer publicity (thus, more traffic) is an important part of getting better anonymity going. Tell your friends, send all your punk postings thru at least one remailer (that will put some traffic through them!).
This method is a passive one, how can we subvert the system now in place to make traffic more invisible? If you believe this you've already seceded the battle to the NSA. Formidable opponents != Defeat. Great respect for NSA ability is neccesary but
independent minds (especially working together) can exhibit Davidian qualities. Exactly, how is tracking done? I've heard the general issues of file size and physical compromise but what programs and access codes are needed to obtain such info? How does one access SMTP mail channels, sendmail ques and mail logs? How can we subvert their attempts? Can we use the known router algorithms and network bookkeeping methods at hop sites to disguise where messages are traveling?
I guess what I'm saying is can we use the complexities of the system itself,
rather than our own system alone to make traffic analysis a drag. We know the weakness of our system, what are the weaknesses of the analyzers systems. What are the possibilities for an analyzers systems, how do we attack
them? I'll start by looking at various RFC's but a little offense rather
than defense can only make us more aware. Even if it doesn't seem possible
for goliath to lose.
I think today I'll be:

@_date: 1993-12-04 22:23:08
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Remailer Traffic Augmentation 
(CAPS LOCK ALERT!!!!>
WHILE READING HAL'S REMAILER STATS I GOT SOMEWHAT DEPRESSED IT SEEMS
THAT I COULD EASILY CORRELATE HIS PEAKS WITH SOME OF MY REMAILER EXPERIMENTS.
BY CORRELATING WITH MY MAIL LOGS. I HAVE BEEN LOOKING AT .forward INITIATED
SCRIPTS THAT WOULD PING EVERY KNOWN REMAILER EVERYTIME A PIECE OF REGULAR
MAIL WAS RECEIVED(NON REMAILER PING TRAFFIC).
IT APPEARS THAT PROCMAIL WOULD BE IDEAL BUT IT DOESNT SEEM TO BE UNIVERSAL
AT EVERY SITE SO I HAVE ALSO BEEN LOOKING AT C, PERL AND TCL. IF JUST A FEW (1-6) ACCOUNTS AT AS FEW AS 15 SITES DID THIS IT WOULD MAKE TRAFFIC
ANALYSIS MUCH MORE DIFFICULT. WHAT DO THE REST OF  THE TENTACLES THINK?
       MEDUSA'S MOTHER

@_date: 1993-12-06 18:23:49
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No subject 
I was considering modifying my mail sorting software to forward anything
from "cypherwonks" to ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu, as a gift.
Maybe if we all do this, he'll get the hint....

@_date: 1993-12-12 07:17:19
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
seen on a real-time chat system at mit:
Sigh. Anyways, I've told you all the information there is to tell:
MIT administration (I/S) told me to shut down the keyserver.  They were
'pushed' by PKP (Probably Bidzos).  I do not know what was said, why these
decisions were made, nor what is being held over people's heads... But I
didn't believe I had the Political clout to do anything but comply.
notes: jim bruce is the vice president for information systems at mit.
in general, stuff like the above doesn't happen unless jim says so.
the request for the keyserver shutdown was apparantly not delivered in
writing to derek, so there is no permanent record of what happened.
the new keyserver at martigny.ai.mit.edu has the support of a full
professor; derek's did not.

@_date: 1993-12-17 11:46:22
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Date: Fri, 17 Dec 1993 10:27:58 -0500
   From: sommerfeld at orchard.medford.ma.us (Bill Sommerfeld)
   BTW, I just called Sen. Kennedy's office.  Kennedy is on the Armed
   Services committee, and according to the secretary is in favor of the
   nomination, but I asked a staffer to ask Kennedy to ask Inman about
   how he reconciles the First Amendment with statements he's made like
   these.
I just called Sen. Kennedy's office as well.  If you're a Massachusetts
resident, consider giving them a ring and talking to a staffer.  If
enough people do this, Sen. Kennedy might actually ask Inman a couple of
questions on the topic.  (Which, I suspect, is the best we can hope
for; but it is *something*.)

@_date: 1993-07-08 12:06:01
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: ANON: Steshenko, nntp 
The discussion on Mr. Steshenko's termination of employment has taken
off in misc.jobs.misc and news.admin.policy.  Some people have
e-mailed me saying that what happened to Mr. Steshenko isn't uncommon
at all.  This fact bothered me all weekend long, that somebody can get
fired for views expressed in a private e-list, which probably
extrapolates to USENET posting as well.  Apparently, Mr. Steshenko
forgot to include the "disclaimer: my opinions" with his email.
Is this all that is required?  If he merely would have added the
disclaimer, would his former employer be facing possible legal action?
Would he still be employed?  Is there some "minimal" text that must be
included?  I mean, I've seen disclaimers that are nearly a paragraph
long to ones that try to be cute (  and so
I'm not saying his employer is in the wrong (I haven't really thought
about this issue too much) since they are a private company and can
censor and control use of their machines and all that stuff; it just
goes to show sometimes you have to be really careful what you say and
to whom.
(If you missed the post to alt.comp.acad-freedom.talk and various
other groups and don't get usenet let me know and I'll post it to the
list if there is enough interest.  I'm not sure if email copies I sent
out made it since some bounces occured.  Plus the good old "cannot
deliver for 3 days; message queued" sort of error.)
It bugged me because I really beleive that it is impossible to carry
on a rational discussion if one side is afraid to voice an opinion.
I'm not advocating libel or misuse (personal attacks, threats of
violence, etc.) but every once in a while a really hot topic comes up
which stirs the emotions.
So, we can all forge mail with smtp, use the cypherpunk remailers, use
"anonymous" servers like penet and charcoal, email-to-usenet gateways,
etc.  I've never seen instructions on how to forge a usenet post, so
here goes:
1) Telnet to an NNTP server (see Yanoff's internet services list)
2) Type 'post'.  After a bit, you'll get an OK message.
3) Type in what you want to appear.  Have in mind before you start
   what fields you want in the header, or check other posts to see what
   they have.
4) End with a period on a line all by itself.  After a bit, you'll get
   a "Post OK" message.
5) Type 'quit'
For example, I was experimenting and telnetted to news.fu-berlin.de 119:
menudo> telnet news.fu-berlin.de 119
Trying 130.133.4.250...
Connected to gibb.math.fu-berlin.de.
Escape character is '^]'.
200 gibb NNTP server version 1.5.11 (10 February 1991) ready at Thu Jul  8 16:19:05 1993 (posting ok).
340 Ok
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.pictures.d
Path: one!two!three
Sender: the MailMan
Nntp-Posting-Host: castle
Organization: other plane hackers
Lines: 1
This is another test.

@_date: 1993-06-02 14:25:57
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Software infrastructure 
I don't think we should try to put stream encryption into this product.
A problem with stream encryption is that it requires special SW on both
ends.  We would have to not only write a terminal program, but also write
software which would transparently encrypt/decrypt which ran on the host
and then passed the characters on to whatever command shell would normally
run.  I could see doing this with Unix (using pty's, a variant on the
"script" program many systems have) but it may not be too portable.
Stream encryption defends against wiretappers, and may provide some
protection against the more trivial root-based attacks on the host computer
(ones which just monitor the serial port - although if you use the pty idea
there may be an internal serial port that has cleartext and which can be
monitored).  But you are still vulnerable to being monitored by root.  I
don't think the benefit gained is great enough, given the cost, to make
this a good initial feature for the product.
It is going to be hard to provide an offline mail reader with the
friendliness of what the user is used to.  Also, offline news reading is
probably out of the question in this environment due to the great volume of
news.  Offline mail also has the problem that some people send great, huge
messages that you aren't interested in.  Online you just look at the first
couple of pages and then delete it.  Offline you download the whole thing,
often paying for it, before you look at it.   Another approach would be to have a "paranoid PGP" available on your host
computer.  This works much like regular PGP, except it will never ask you
for your pass phrase.  Any time it would, it instead outputs a magic escape
sequence.  This is recognized by your Cypherpunks terminal program and
causes it to run a local program which includes PGP.  The paranoid PGP on
the host automatically downloads the file it was going to decrypt or sign
to the local machine, which runs PGP, asks for your pass phrase, does the
operation, and (perhaps) uploads the results back to the host.  The whole
thing is transparent if you are running the CP term, and your secret key
and pass phrase never left your computer.  (You might or might not want the
plaintext to be uploaded after decryption - perhaps it could be previewed
locally and if it's not too "hot" you can upload it and reply to it on the
host.) Under this approach, message ENCRYPTION could be just done on-line since
paranoid PGP doesn't need a pass phrase for that.  So you can compose and
mail your messages without needing any special support, as long as you don't
sign them.
You are still trusting the host, but not as much as if you left your secret
key there and typed your pass phrase into the host computer.  This is less
secure than if you did everything on your PC but lets you use the powerful
editing and mail/news handling capabilities of your host.
This approach does have the same disadvantage I listed with respect to
stream encryption, that it requires some special software on the host.
However, this software should have many fewer host dependencies than a
transparent stream encryptor would.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-03 17:17:36
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Software infrastructure 
In thinking more about Eric's proposal for a terminal program, I can
see the value in putting in the hooks for stream encryption even if we
don't implement it right away.  That should be one of the points of
this software, to have it be easily expandable.  So we would want to
make it so that a layer could be inserted just above the serial I/O
layer which would do transparent encryption.  The mechanism for
creating the shared keys could be added later, perhaps.
We are seeing a lot of different suggestions here, which is good at
this point.  Some of the issues:
Overall functionality
To keep our focus: we want something which will help the average
computer user who has a PC or something similar at home be able to use
encryption easily in sending and receiving email.
The problem is that people send and receive mail in very many
different ways.  So we propose to provide a very flexible and
extensible solution that can be adapted to many situations.  This
leads to the idea of a terminal program with built-in encryption,
since most people can use a terminal program to get their mail.
This would not be aimed at people running UUCP or similar fancy
protocols on their home machines.  They must be pretty sophisticated
to get this stuff working.  PGP and RIPEM already come with a bunch of
scripts to let them be used in Unix and similar environments.  (Maybe
I'm mistaken, though, in thinking that good solutions already exist
for these people.  I don't know much about this mode of operation.)
Build or Buy
Do we roll our own or do we try to tap into an existing program?
Among existing terminal programs, do we: try to provide add-ons to
widely used commercial or shareware programs (for which we don't have
source); try to convince the authors of these programs to make the
changes we desire; or find such a program which has source available
(e.g. kermit) and take that as our starting point?
Target OS
We have seen suggestions for DOS, Windows, Unix, and Linux (about
which I know nothing).  DOS and Windows are the biggest target market
and the most likely to be used by the naive users we are trying to
help, IMO.  It would not be too hard to write for DOS but to isolate
the OS dependencies so it could be easily moved to Unix (and perhaps
But the DOS vs Windows decision is more fundamental.  More generally,
it is the command-line vs GUI decision.  It's very hard to write code
which is portable across these two approaches.  I would lean towards the
command line approach because it is easier to write portable code, in
my experience (portable between DOS and Unix, say, is easier than
portable between Windows, X, and Mac).  But just fixing on Windows is
another option.
Serial Interface
Focusing on DOS, apparently there are several ways of interfacing to
the serial port.  I know nothing about these.  The main issues would
be portability - does it require the user to have some third-party
software, or to run on only a limited subset of PC clones - and
efficiency - can we run at 9.6 or 14.4 Kbaud?  What solutions
accomplish both of these?
And what if we went with Windows?  Does that narrow our options?
User Interface
I still think this is one of the harder issues.  How exactly can we
make this easy to use?  Can anyone suggest a non-magical (e.g. no
mind-reading) but still ideal interface for encryption?  I kind of
liked Greg's suggestion of using the rollback buffer for decryption -
when it sees an encrypted message go by it automatically decrypts it
and offers it to the user to see.  I'm not exactly sure what you do
with it then, though.
It would be helpful for me to hear more about how people read and send
mail on their home computers, in some detail.  If Mike Diehl got
enough responses to his survey that would be good to hear about, too.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-24 00:05:29
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Testing remailers 
This is a remailer test.  This message has just passed through
16 remailers.  Sorry for the waste of bandwidth.  Have a nice

@_date: 1993-06-24 22:17:27
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Chained remails 
The problem may be the Fidonet addressing.  Many times I have tried to
send mail to people with mailing addresses like M's, and not had the
mail get through.  I don't know what the rules are but perhaps some systems
can get it and some can't.
I'd suggest to M. that he take one of the systems that does respond to his
remailing requests, and have that be the LAST one in a chain of two.  So,
he could send to, say, hh at cicada.berkeley.edu, and follow that with elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu.  Perhaps this would get through:
Request-Remailing-To: elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu
Request-Remailing-To: M..Stirner at f28.n125.z1.FIDONET.ORG
Even if cicada can't mail to him, perhaps it can mail to rosebud which can
then mail to Fido.
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-11-08 19:09:02
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
i've heard rumors that one or more pgp key servers have been shut down
due to lawyers letters from bidzos and/or pkp.
anyone have any facts?

@_date: 1993-11-08 22:33:11
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: TEMPEST Defenses and average Van Eck Gear... 
Hi All....
     using personal countermeasures against emanation
eavesdropping IS defnitely NOT illegal.
     So few people have actual experience with Van Eck gear either
the ConsumerTronics Model or the Pk Electronics German Device or
the version made by a firm in england. First of all Van Eck Monitor Eavesdropping seems to be a deeply shrouded
subject even for most engineers and for most c-punks.
Its basically a system for reconstruction of the sync signal for
monitor radiation received with a standard tuning mechanism...
It is VERY similar to various Pay TV Decode Schemes mentioned and
detailed in Radio Electronics over the past several years combined with a Monitor and a high gain amplified antenna... VERY specific
plans are available from consumertronics for 25.00.
And protecting against Van Eck can be extensive as a faraday cage or
a subtle as conductive Wallpaper. floors, doors and windows...
it really depends on the economic resources of your adversary and
how much of a bother you are...
      Sam Hill
p.s. Careful monitor placement if you have A LOT(at least 50) computers/
monitors can use noise data displayed on non-critical monitors to
mask emanations of a single monitor where critical data IS handled..
$3-25k spent by a firm on acquiring the technology for internal
survey can save LOTS of money from having to Faraday Cage an Entire Data
As for eavesdropping on bus/circuit emanation we will take that up
at another time

@_date: 1993-11-09 01:03:32
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Re the Phiber Optik case. I understand that only vanilla, split-band
modems (1200, 2400 baud) were tapped, on the analog loop. They were,
and still are, common in the mundane telco world.  Throw a bandpass
filter on the upper half of the audio band, get the answer data. Throw
a filter on the lower half, get the originate data. Much MUCH easier
than tapping modern full-duplex full-band modems with echo
cancellation and compression. I know some of the datacops involved,
and I seriously doubt they have a clue about how to handle V.32
without help from the NSA, which DOES know how to intercept them.
Of course, even if the modems had NSA-proof encryption built in, the
victim could always intercept the decrypted data on the DTE
connector...  cracking is and will remain a risky and stupid thing to

@_date: 1993-11-20 09:14:50
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: "IDENTITY CHALLENGE!" 
jrk at sys.uea.ac.uk (Richard Kennaway) says:
+ Anonymity brings a new class of useless message, of which the
+ following from Black Unicorn  is a recent
+ example.  I quote it in its entirety:
+     Having worked in Liechtenstein banks, I can assure you numbered
+     accounts exist.
+ "Black Unicorn" is an obvious pseudonym, and I'm assuming that it is
+ not one with an established reputation.  (For all I know, "Black
+ Unicorn" might be as famous as the Legion of Doom, but for the sake of
+ argument I'll assume that it isn't.)
+ What is the use of an unsubstantiated assertion, from an unreputed[*]
+ source, with no means of verification?  Having read Black Unicorn's
+ bald asertion, I am as ignorant as before of whether numbered accounts
+ exist, in Liechtenstein or elsewhere.
Well, that's as may be, but I would suggest to you that "actual
identities" are unreliable.  I believe that many here could trivially
spoof almost any identity and that in any case, you would personally
be unable to either verify the identity of your correspondent or hold
him accountable for his output.
A couple of recent examples:
                               *
A "Rikiya Asano" , apparently a severely
disturbed Japanese student at Carnegie-Mellon University, has been
filling several newsgroups with a remarkable torrent of cross-posted
flamebait for several weeks, including racist insults against whites and
Chinese, physical threats and various assaults on American institutions.
These rants are composed in hilariously fractured English and gain
oceans of angry responses which disrupt the normal progress of the
newsgroups to which they are posted.
Today, I read a post by someone who makes a convincing case that Asano
isn't Japanese and that the whole thing is a spoof.  Maybe "Asano"
exists and maybe he doesn't, but there seems to be no way of either
verifying his true identity or making him stop disrupting these
                                *
On the other coast, "Andy Freeman"  authored a
particularly nasty piece of netmail forwarded on to me by its original
recipient.  In it, "Andy Freeman" attacks the practice of anonymity on
Internet and claims to be in the government employ, implicitly in law
enforcement, surveying Internet for illegal activity.  He avers that all
of those who post anonymously have been investigated and identified by
their true names and are on a government hitlist, presumably thanks to
his participation.
Maybe "Andy Freeman" really is an unhinged cop involved in an illegal
investigation of remailers or maybe he is just one of those sick fucks
who like to impersonate policemen and bully people.
                                 *
I personally challenge you, or anyone else on the net, to establish who
these creatures actually are and whether they are what they claim.  I've
given you their "real" names and "real" addresses.  In that both are
bona fide assholes in any case, there's no need to be concerned with
injuring or harassing them - they've got it coming.

@_date: 1993-11-20 20:12:11
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Duress Codes 
For many years, I worked for a small company that provided various
protective services to government, diplomatic and executive accounts.
One of the services was electronic security and direct monitoring of
emergency EDCs [electronic digital communicators] and other signalling
devices connected to security equipment.
At the beginning of my employment, the procedure you mention above was
standard throughout the more mainstream electronic security industry.  A
series of unusually violent robberies changed this in the mid-1980s.
The problem with the system is that call-backs on "panic button"
or duress code activations make it clear - or at least suggest - that
the victims have alerted the authorities.  In an increasing number of
cases, answering the callback was literally the last thing the victims
ever did.
In spite of frequent complaints due to false-alarm fines levied by the
police and moments of great embarrassment, the common procedure became
immediate notification of of the police or "other security," with no
callback then or later.
All duress codes on our electronic equipment was modified to perform the
exact functions as non-duress codes, but activated silent duress alarms.
Since that time, most manufacturers and programmers of security devices
have taken that approach - identical function, but with silent alarms.

@_date: 1993-10-24 23:38:40
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: S.Box and LD SAME??? 
Subject says it all... I think these 2 are the same person...
      bloody idiots
      sam hill

@_date: 1993-10-25 00:53:12
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: LD's Latest RANT!! 
LD is starting to sound more like the NSA AI DS all
the time...

@_date: 1993-10-25 14:05:25
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: TEMPEST 
Well this posting provoked another.
    ***** FOR SALE ******
   Van Eck Radiation Evesdropping Monitors
Good for All  SCAN Rates.
Evesdrop on your bosses CRT, your enemies CRT, your Lovers CRT,
Spy on the local Spies, what does your local FBI Agents
monitor say about you. Find out for sure,
with the proper antenna these monitors will repeat VDTs up to
1 KM distant.
RANGE: with proper Antennas 1 KM
 You are are responsible for checking on whether your National/Provincial/Local
laws allow the importation of this  device.
COST $8,000.00 US Dollars (Supply is Limited)
A public key and encrypted remailer block follow to allow you to place
your orders. Payment Terms will be sent to you following receipt
of a PGP encrypted order.
To reply to I/We please use the enclosed public key to
encrypt your message back to us. The anonymous remailer
encrypted return block may be used for now but if
current(known to be good) paths are needed look for the latest
in cypherpunks at toad.com.
Please encrypt ALL mail sent to us...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
--------8<--cut here-->8--------
Encrypted: PGP
<To reply, save everything below the "cut here" marks above
<into another file.  Type your reply here (below the blank <line three lines above!) and mail to remailer at utter.dis.org

@_date: 1993-09-04 07:36:19
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Denning and the cost of attack against SKIPJACK (fwd) 
(forwarded from sci.crypt)
On page 14 of the August 30, 1993 issue of Government Computer News
Kevin Power reports that Dorothy Denning told the Computer System
Security and Privacy Advisory Board that SKIPJACK would not be
compromised by exhaustive attack methods in the next 30 to 40 years.
I am reminded of a story, perhaps apocryphal.  In the middle seventies
Fortune magazine was working a feature on computer crime.  Most of the
experts that they interviewed told them that the security on most of the
nation's commercial time sharing systems was pretty good.  However, they
admitted that one convicted felon and hacker, Jerry Schnieder, would tell them otherwise.  Of course Fortune had to interview him.  According
to the story, the interview went something like this:
Fortune:  Mr. Schnieder we understand that you are very critical of the
security on the nation's commercial time sharing systems.
Jerry:  Yes, that is right.  Their security is very poor.
Fortune:  Could you break into one of those systems?
Jerry: Yes, certainly.
Fortune:  Well, could you demonstrate for us?
Jerry:  Certainly, I'd be happy to.
At this point Jerry took the reporters into the room where his "Silent
700" terminal was.  He connected to the system that he normally used but
deliberately failed the logon.  When he deliberately failed again at the
retry prompt, the system disconnected.  Jerry dialed in again, failed a
third time, and this time he broke the connection.  He dialed a third time but this time he dialed the number of the operator.  Jerry:  This is Mr. Schnieder.  I seem to have forgotten my password.
Can you help me?
Operator:  Sorry Mr. Schnieder, there is nothing that I can do.  You
will have to call back during normal business hours and talk to the
security people.  Jerry:  I am sorry too, but you do not seem to understand.  I am working
on something very important and it is due out at 8am.  I have to get on
right now.  Operator:  I am sorry.  There is nothing that I can do.
Jerry:  You still do not understand.  Let me see if can clarify it for
you.  I want you to go look at your billing records.  You will see that
you bill me about $800- a month.  This thing that I am working on; it is
why you get your $800-.  Now, if you do not get off your a-- and get me
my password so that I have this work out at 8am, by 9am there is going to be a process server standing on your front steps waiting to hang paper
on the first officer through the door.  Do I make myself clear?
Apparently he did.
Operator:  Mr. Schnieder, I will call you right back.
At this point he appears to have one or two things right.  He changed
the password, called Jerry back at the number where his records said
that he should be, and gave him the new password.  Jerry dumped two
files and then turned to the reporters.  With a triumphant smile he said
"You see!" Fortune (obviously disappointed):  No, No, Mr. Schneider!  That is not
what we wanted to see.  What we wanted to see was a sophisticated
penetration of the software controls.
Jerry:  Why would anybody do THAT?
The cost of an exhaustive attack is an interesting number.  It gives us
an upper bound for the cost of efficient attacks.  However, it is never,
itself, an efficient attack.  It is almost always orders of magnitude
higher than the cost of alternative attacks.  The very fact that its
cost can be easily calculated ensures that no one will ever encrypt data
under it whose value approaches the cost of a brute force attack.
History is very clear.  "Black Bag" attacks are to be preferred; they
are almost always cheaper than the alternatives.  After those are
attacks aimed against poor key management.  These attacks will be very
efficient when the keepers of  the keys already work for you and where their continued cooperation and silence are assured.
William Hugh Murray, Executive Consultant, Information System Security
49 Locust Avenue, Suite 104; New Canaan, Connecticut 06840                1-0-ATT-0-700-WMURRAY; WHMurray at DOCKMASTER.NCSC.MIL

@_date: 1993-09-04 14:20:45
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: CRM (again) 
(Note:  this was sent through a remailer, and the return address is
inaccurate.  My address is astrashe at nyx.cs.du.edu.)
CRM doesn't do anything grandiose.  All it does is pick a random path of a
specified length from a list of remailers, and wrap up an input file with
remailing requests, encrypted PGP tags, and nested PGP encryptions.
For example, if you start out with a file like:
- -+---snip-----
I'm going to wrap up this file with CRM and make a /bin/sh script that
will mail it to myself through a chain of remailers.
- -+---snip-----
and do one of these:
c:\>crm infile astrashe at nyx.cs.du.edu
you'll end up (with no further intervention on your part) with the /bin/sh
script that's at the end of this post.
If you run that script, it will mail the above short note to me through a
chain of three remailers.  Each of the remailers gets PGP encrypted input. The subject line will show up as the subject on my mailer.  (Please don't run
the script;  my mailbox is full enough already.)
The reason I had CRM wrap the final output in a script is that because the
chain of remailers is random, the first remailer in the chain varies each time
CRM is invoked.  This way you don't have to worry about keeping track which
one to mail the cyphertext to.
This is obviously more of a hassle than using elm to send your mail;  but if
you're already writing letters offline and uploading them (which you ought to
be doing anyway, to take full advantage of PGP's protection), it's only
marginally more difficult than mailing stuff without the remailers.  And it
could be argued that it's *easier* to use CRM and the remailers than standard
mailing, because the shell script keeps track of the subject lines and the
destination for you.  You could write ten letters, wrap them with CRM, keep
concatenating the new scripts onto a outgoing mail file, then upload the whole
thing at once and mail it in one fell swoop.
If you want a copy of CRM, let me know.  (Write to astrashe at nyx.cs.du.edu, not
the return address on this post).  It's an msdos program, written in turbo
- -+---snip-----
# This is a shell script produced by CRM.
sed -e '/^BEGINCRM/d' -e '/^ENDCRM/d' << \End_of_File > crm.tmp
Encrypted: PGP

@_date: 1993-09-05 06:21:38
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Two digital cash technical papers 
There are two papers at ftp.cwi.nl descibing some of the mathemathics,
N. Ferguson
"Single Term Off-Line Coins"
Stefan Brands
"An Efficient Off-line Electronic Cash System Based On The
        Representation Problem"

@_date: 1993-09-30 09:16:54
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Communications Week Article 
In the Sept 28 issue of Communication Week, Pg 35-36.
_Who will hold the Clipper Keys?_
*Last Paragraph*
The administration will choose the escrow agents based on experience
in handling sensitive information, according to the EFF report.  It
will avoid choosing low enforcement agencies to avoid conflicts of
interest and it will not choose private companies because of concerns
about the companies' longevity, the report said.
Well hmm...  what about the longevity of governmental agencies, or
even the government itself?

@_date: 1994-04-02 00:47:38
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: DEATH TO THE CRYPTOANARCHISTS!!! 
subject: DEATH TO THE SPOOKS!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
subject: DEATH TO THE SYSMONGERS!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
subject: DEATH TO THE CRACKERS!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
subject: DEATH TO THE CENSORS!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
subject: DEATH TO THE CRACKPOTS!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
subject: DEATH TO THE LUDDITES!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
subject: DEATH TO THE NEWBIES!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
subject: DEATH TO THE WANNABES!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
subject: APRIL FOOLS!!!
request-remailing-to: remailer at chaos.bsu.edu,nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,hal at alumni.caltech.edu,hfinney at shell.portal.com,rants at wired.com,nightly at nbc.com,alt.politics.datahighway.usenet at decwrl.dec.com,news.admin.policy at news.demon.co.uk,cypherpunks at toad.com
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-04-02 00:49:43
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy 
I don't know exactly what `cryptoanarchy' is, but anonymous remailing seems to
be a big part of it.

@_date: 1994-04-06 01:38:07
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGP Tools bug fixed 
Several weeks ago someone mentioned a bug in the fifo_destroy function.
At the time, I couldn't find it. The bug finally showed up. Fifo_destroy
was freeing some memory and then immediately reading it. This caused
problems on systems with fancy memory management, but not under DOS or
most Unixes. I just sent an update to csn.org. fifo.c is the only program
which has been changed.
                                                 Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-04-06 11:21:22
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Since people are talking about new remailer features, can I suggest
another one - how about single-use (or limited use) anonymous return
addressess (ARAs) ? There are quite a few situations I can envisage where I might want to give an anonymous return address to someone that could
only be used a limited number of times, or for a limited period of
time (e.g. in the medium term, buying something over the network from a company with digicash, but not wanting to receive junk mail from them
How I'd see it working is this : You'd send a message to a remailer
requesting an anonymous address token, along with the email address
to send to, the number of uses you want and the time period (perhaps up to some maximum set by the operator of the remailer). In the future, you'd also send some digicash in payment for the token, the value based on the number of uses and time limit.
The remailer would then create an encrypted token containing an id
number and the address, either signed or with an attached random
number. The id, number of uses and expiry date would be stored in a
database, along with the random number if you were using that for
authentication. The remailer would then mail the token (probably
using an anonymous return address) to the requester. The database
shouldn't need to be very large if only details of the outstanding
tokens are stored.
BEGIN NOTES   I'm not sure whether it would be better to store the address in
  the token or in the database, but I suspect that storing it in
  the token is better since it avoids the possibility of anyone
  getting hold of a copy of the database and reading all the addresses
  stored in there. However, if it's in the token then if all keys of
  all remailers used are compromised, you can follow the entire chain
  even after the token is used up, whereas if it was deleted from the
  database the chain would be broken forever. Perhaps a mixture of   mechanisms in the remailers would be best.   Another option might be to keep the address completely seperate, so
  the token would merely indicate whether the message should be sent
  to the address specified in the ARA, not for a specific address that
  the token was requested for.
END NOTES
After the ARA had been sent to someone and they used it to reply to
the sender, the remailer would recognize the token, and decrypt it
to get the real address, database id and authentication. If the authentication was valid and the time/usage limit not exceeded, then it
would forward the message to the email address enclosed (which
presumably could be another ARA), otherwise it would just ignore the
Obviously using only a single remailer would require you to trust the
operator to limit usage correctly, however chaining several limited
use addresses will solve any problems if one remailer is trustworthy.
Message to remailer might be something like (comments in {}, -- shows
begining and end of messages) :
Request-Token 5 {uses} 14 {days} ARA {or email address}
{ standard PGP-encrypted ARA goes in here }
Request-Remailing-To: remail at foo.com
{ARA to send token to via remail at foo.com goes here}
The remailer would create something like :
Limited-Use-Token: 00000001/F4870921 (ID/random authentication)
{ARA or Request-Remailing-To: goes here}
This would then be encrypted with the remailer's public key, attached to
the end of the original message (after the Request-Token line was stripped
off), then fed into the remailer as usual. The sender would create the ARA
using this token, and forward it to whoever they wanted to communicate When a message using the ARA came back, it would be decrypted as usual, and if the token line was valid the database would be checked for timed expiry, updated to indicate another use, then if valid, after the token line was stripped off the message would be remailed as usual.
If noone else does this in the next few months then I may hack it into
a remailer once I have my own machine to run one off.

@_date: 1994-04-08 09:51:22
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Today cryptography, tomorrow ?? 
AP 4/8/94: A federal grand jury indicted an MIT student Thursday on
charges he ran a computer bulletin board that allowed people to copy more than $1 million worth of copyrighted software for free.  [...]
The bulletin board, named Cynosure, allowed people on MIT's computer network to copy business and entertainment software, the indictment said.  [...]
Internet users also were able to illegally copy the software, Stern Many of the Cynosure users hid their identities by using an Internet address in Finland that provided an anonymous forwarding service for the pirated programs, according to the indictment.  .... Like to include more but ..uh.. "fair use" and all that ....
Wonder how come he didn't encrypt?

@_date: 1994-04-11 19:56:13
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: more number theorymore number theory 
I'm not sure off hand - maybe Ray can try to check the source of his
Carmichael numbers must be square free and the product of at least
three primes... I seem to remember a formula for the distribution of
square free integers, but can't quite remember it...
Well Phil, you are in luck!  Miller-Rabin isn't fooled by Carmichael
numbers.  There still is a chance for failure, but it doesn't depend
on the input (i.e. there are no bad inputs for Miller-Rabin like there
are for pseudoprime testing).  Failure depends on how many iterations
you perform (n iterations = 2^-n chance of failure) and the values of
the base you choose.
For example, in Miller-Rabin, the Carmichael number 561 is exposed to
be composite by choosing a base of 7.
I'm familiar with two other primality testing algorithms (I'm no
number theory wiz so there are probably more): Lucas' and Lehmer's.
Well, Lehmer's method is a modification of Lucas' method.  They both
are slow, but have the advantage of being true.

@_date: 1994-04-12 18:36:09
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Prime number tests 
Well, there is one prime number test which NEVER fails, and that is that
(n-1)!+1 mod n is zero for all primes, and non-zero for all non-primes.

@_date: 1994-04-20 10:57:11
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Random number troubles 
_The Toronto Star_
Wednesday, April 20, 1994
`Computer nerd' outsmarts casino
Wins $200,000 pot -- twice in a row
MONTREAL (CP) -- Ask Daniel Corriveau how he beat
staggering odds to win $400,000 at the Montreal
casino and he'll talk about a butterfly flapping
its wings in Bejing.
    After the computer consultant hit a $200,000
jackpot twice in a row playing electronic Keno 10
days ago, the casino shut down the popular
lottery-type game and started an investigation.
He has yet to collect.
    "I'm confident I will get the money," Corriveau
said.  "It's a normal process for the casino to be
    Celebrated by Quebecers as a mild-mannered genius
who beat the system, the province's latest hero
is a computer nerd who claims to have used "chaos
theory" to defy mind-numbing odds at the casino.
    The arcane mathematical concept, which the 40-year
old Corriveau found himself expounding on television,
is based on the notion that random-looking data aren't
so random.
    One of the theory's axioms is that if a butterfly
flaps its wings in Bejing, it will have an effect on the
weather system in New York City.
    The rules of Keno are less esoteric.  Placing bets
of between $2 and $5, gamblers try to pick some of the
20 numbers that are drawn from an 80-number pool in
the computerized game.
    On April 10, Corriveau managed to pick 19 of 20
numbers twice in a row, a feat not accomplished even
once since the casino opened last October.
    Corriveau said he discovered "a bug in the system"
that made the Keno odds more player-friendly.
    Corriveau visited the casino about a dozen times
over four months, writing down the winning sequences
of numbers.  The brainy bettor plugged the data in
to his home computer and put on his thinking cap.
    "I found the same 19-number sequence twice in 240
draws," he explained, "That proved the weakness in
the system."

@_date: 1994-04-22 04:46:09
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Info Theory Conference 
(fwd from cellular digest)
Dear Colleagues.
I want to draw your attention to the conference:
 ISIT 94 - IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory
 to be held 27th June- 1st July 1994 at             ========================
 The Norwegian Institute of Technology, Trondheim, Norway.
 ---------------------------------------------------------
 There will be 7 parallell sessions on the following topics:    Distributed information processing		       Stochastic processes    Applications of information theory	       	Error-control coding
   Multi-user information theory	             Pattern recognition
   Cryptography and security		                Data compression
   Detection and estimation		                 Signal processing
   Optical communications		                   Neural networks
   Communication systems		                    Shannon theory
   Image and speech coding		                  Data networks
  There are around 500 presentations, many of which should be of interest
for  people working in the cellular business. Afterall, cellular technology is a very hot field.      A social programme, accompanying persons programme and post conference tours   are offered.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Advance program, including registration form, is available from:  ISIT 94 SEVU Congress Dept			                   Phone: 47-73-595245
 The Norwegian Institute of Technology		     	   Fax: 47-73-595150
 N-7034 Trondheim, Norway			                     E-mail: isit at sevu.unit.no
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  E-mail copy of the advance technical program only,  is available from:   knut.grythe at delab.sintef.no			                torleiv.maseng at tde.lth.se
 Knut Grythe,
 SINTEF Delab
 N-7034 Trondheim,
 NORWAY.
 Teleph.:+47-73-592683
 Fax:+47-73-591099

@_date: 1994-04-27 14:37:49
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
People have been doing that for years and no one's gotten arrested yet. :)
In case you haven't noticed, people outside the US requesting crypto stuff
usually don't have too much trouble finding a volunteer willing to send it
to them.

@_date: 1994-04-28 02:23:20
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Digital_Auction 
What is the smallest unit of access?  We should use that for digital cash.
Let's say I purchase 100 units of access on your system.  You issue a
certificate that I have this access on demand.  Then when we have an IRC
digital auction for the blueprints of Megacorp's new xray laser, I can
display my certificate and make a bid.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-08-01 09:36:02
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
"Come off it, the benefits of a teacher giving your kid the strap
at the time of an offence far outweigh the harm done."
 i disagree. how do you know corporal punishment wont be 'appealing'
to the children, so like when they grow up they cant wait to take a strap to their kids and so on down the line? strapping is not a solution
to a childs problems, if you cant help a child work out his problems through
verbalization youre a pathetic parent!

@_date: 1994-08-02 13:45:05
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Majordomo and Julf's remailer 
* I'm not advocating majordomo code changes here; I just wonder if
* there's an option setting that could be tweaked in the cypherpunks
* list definition. I have been on mailing lists before where the
* traffic always appeared to be 'from' the list, and the only thing
* odd about it was that you had to CC: the author to send a direct
* reply.
should be fairly simple, extropians works that way.

@_date: 1994-08-02 20:46:58
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: 'Anon' Fake 
Is there any evidence to link this anxxxx person to the "tuna fish" spam?  Given the fact that by doing a "who cypherpunks" will yield anyone, including various TLAs a list of potential "troublemakers" (by their standards), might this subscriber merely be trying to protect his real identity from prying eyes?  Actually, I had thought of doing so myself, but didn't want to over-burden Julf's server with such a high volume of mail, plus having the mesages get cut off whenever a dashed line was FWIW, other list servers have a "set conceal" option which, upon request, keeps a person's address from becoming public through the "who" command.

@_date: 1994-08-02 21:55:16
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Uniforms, Authority, and 'System X' 
Did you intend to say "morons" or "Mormons"?  --- Diogenes

@_date: 1994-08-07 19:43:25
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: CreditCard info 
Brian Lane  asked:
Employers are REQUIRED to obtain an SSAN for tax purposes, as are banks for
reporting interest, etc. to the IRS.  Regarding credit, they generally ask
for an SSAN because that's the "unique personal identifier" that most credit
bureaus index your records by (and still screw them up, even then!).
 --- Diogenes

@_date: 1994-08-14 14:32:31
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Tommy the Tourist's New Home 
Yes it is, although I haven't seen any posts from "Tommy the Tourist" for several days, now.  A test post sent a few days ago has still not shown up.  Also, there seems to be some sort of problem with soda's public key on chained remailings.  Even when the Usenet gateway was operational, chained posts where the message to soda was PGPed seemed to go into the bit bucket.
Also, FYI, Matt Ghio's remailer now offers Usenet posting as Through the magic of dual entries in a Domain Naming server somewhere, no doubt. Next time, you might try the new "csua" name and see if that's working, too.
 --- Diogenes

@_date: 1994-08-16 06:38:50
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Diogenes speaks 
When I registered my key with the PGP key server, I don't recall seeing another "Diogenes" key registered. I certainly had no intention of
pseudonymously "impersonating" anyone.  Oh well, for the record I'm....
 -- "Diogenes 0xD1150D49"
P.S. Also, most of our "real" names are far from being "unique" identifiers,
either.  I wonder how many Tim Mays I could find in the phone book in any
large city?

@_date: 1994-08-16 08:08:50
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
23. Plaintiff is informed and believes and on that basis alleges that
   defendant RSADSI attempted to rescind licenses granted for use of RSAREF,    one of its products, even though the license agreement clearly states that    the license is perpetual. that's innnteresting..

@_date: 1994-08-23 21:35:38
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.comEzekialPalmer 
@_subject: [Howard Winter: PGP 2.6 available on magazine cover] 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
An interesting comentary on the effectiveness of ITAR...

@_date: 1994-08-28 17:00:05
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: We get the government we deserve 
DARE really isn't so bad...  Just because we recognize that people should
have the freedom to use drugs if they choose to do so, doesn't mean that
such drugs are good.  Maybe a lot has changed since the DARE program
was given at my school, but it mostly focused on why drugs were bad,
allowing people to make a more informed decision about using drugs.
That seems to me to be protection against fraud...
I was talking about this with a cop recently, and he said that the DARE
program was the most effective tactic against drug abuse.  He admitted
that busting drug dealers wasn't really effective (for several reasons).
So maybe attitudes are changing.  I asked him about legalization.  He was
somewhat hesitant on this point.  His only objection was that he was
afraid that it would "send the wrong message."  However, he did admit,
that everyone he had ever picked up for drug abuse was also involved in
other crimes, theft being most common.  So even if drugs were legalized,
the same criminals would still get arrested for their crimes.

@_date: 1994-08-28 19:41:51
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: We get the government we deserve 
I don't know; this was just one cop's opinion based upon his experience.  He
said most of his offenders were in their late 40s, having picked up a heroin
problem after taking mophine in Vietnam, and they were doing all sorts of
crazy (and stupid) things to support their habits.  He said that the drug
problem was 'getting better' because many of the junkies were dying from
overdoses, and fewer of the younger generation were getting involved in
that type of thing.  YMMV depending on which part of the country you live in.
You're right, this isn't crypto, but I suppose the war on drugs does bring up
some privacy issues...

@_date: 1994-02-03 13:14:48
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: San Jose BBS subject to Memphis standards? 
This is one of the best essays I've seen concerning the burning of the
Constitution and Bill of Rights. Looking just at porno isn't the big
picture. It's consensual crimes in general. Too bad most people only
care about their corner of the room, cause the house is on fire and
it'll get to their corner soon.
Magazine: Reason
Issue: February 1994
Title: Casualties of War Drug prohibition has shot gaping holes in the Bill of Rights.
Author: Steven B. Duke and Albert C. Gross
At 2 a.m. on June 29, 1991, Tracy White of Los Angeles was awakened by the
explosion of a diversionary grenade set off in a trash can outside her front
door. She stumbled out into the upstairs hallway and was met by a shaft of light
and a man's voice. "Freeze," he said. "Police."
At that moment, her bedroom windows shattered and two men clad in black hoods
swung into the room. Her three infants shrieked in fright. Several guns were
pointed at her. More men dressed in black bounded through the bathroom window.
One ran into an adjoining bedroom and pinned Tracy's sister Yolanda and her
12-year-old daughter behind a door. The youngster tried to squirm free and found
the barrel of a pistol against her head. She closed her eyes and urinated on
herself. "I thought," she later said, "he was going to kill me.
The police had been searching for White's cousin, a reputed gang member, who did
not live there and was not there when the raid occurred. The White apartment was
left a shambles. Almost all the windows were gone, crystal glassware was reduced
to shards, and a chunk was missing from a couch armrest. Six months after the
raid, White and her children still refused to move back into the old apartment,
unable to find peace of mind in a place that reminded them of hooded men
crashing through their windows.
The injuries inflicted on the Whites were mostly psychological, but some
searches are lethal. In Atlanta, in 1991, a pre-Christmas raid by nine cops with
guns drawn awakened Bobby Bowman as they broke down his door with a battering
ram. Bowman, who says he thought he was being robbed, opened fire with a
shotgun. A gunfight ensued, and Bowman's 8-year-old stepson, Xavier, who had
been sleeping in the front room, was killed by a detective's bullet. The police
found $780 worth of crack in Bowman's apartment.
Teresa Nelson, Georgia director of the American Civil Liberties Union,
questioned whether it was worth the life of an innocent 8-year-old to get
evidence in a drug case, but Atlanta police defended the tactics, as do police
across the country. They claim that surprise and overwhelming force are
necessary to minimize destruction of evidence. Many also make the debatable
claim that violent attacks reduce the danger to the police from counterattacks.
Such raids and ransackings are standard procedure in most large cities and,
except in the most outrageous cases, they receive the approval of courts. Police
can get search warrants on the flimsiest of suspicion -- even the word of an
anonymous informant. In many cases, though, the police don't even bother to get
a warrant, since they are virtually unfettered by the risk of successful suits
or other sanctions, especially if they confine their warrantless invasions to
poor members of minority groups.
The Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, which guarantees against
"unreasonable searches and seizures" and prohibits warrants on anything but
"probable cause," is a casualty of the drug war. Other provisions intended to
protect Americans from overzealous law enforcement -- the right to defense counsel,
the right to a fair trial, and the right to property -- are also in danger. The
debris of the war on drugs may ultimately include shreds of the Constitution as
well as splintered doors, shattered glass, and broken furniture.
Since the early 1970s, almost all the searches  and seizures reaching the
U.S. Supreme Court have been upheld. The Court has held, for example,
that a search made on an invalid warrant does not require any remedy so long as
the police acted in "good faith." People may be stopped in their cars, in
airports, on trains, or on buses, and subjected to questioning and dog sniffs of
their persons and possessions. Police may search an open field without warrant
or cause, even if it has "no trespassing" signs and the police incursion is a
criminal offense. They may also, as in Orwell's 1984, conduct close helicopter
surveillance of our homes and backyards.
If it is outside the house, they may search our garbage without cause. If they have "reasonable suspicion," the police may even search our persons
and possessions. Mobile homes, closed containers within cars, as well as cars
themselves may be searched without a warrant.
The Court has also held, in the 1985 case United States v. Montoya De Hernandez,
that an international traveler, if a suspected "balloon swallower," may, without
warrant or probable cause, be seized as she arrives at the airport,
strip-searched, and ordered to remain incommunicado until she defecates over a
wastebasket under the watchful eye of two matrons. In sanctioning such an
18-hour ordeal, Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist unabashedly listed other
invasions that the Court had upheld: "[F]irst class mail may be opened without a
warrant on less than probable cause.IAutomotive travelers may be stoppedInear
the border without individualized suspicion even if the stop is based largely on
ethnicityIand boats on inland waters with ready access to the sea may be hailed
and boarded with no suspicion whatever." Those incursions, as well as detention
for defecation, Rehnquist said, are responses to "the veritable national crisis
in law enforcement caused by smuggling of illegal narcotics.
In the compulsory defecation case, as in countless others, searches or seizures
have been up- held on nothing more than "reasonable" or even "articulable"
suspicion that drugs are being transported. That level of suspicion can be
achieved by matching up the victim of the search or seizure with a few of the
characteristics contained in secret "drug-courier profiles" that rely heavily
upon ethnic stereotypes. As a result of such profiles, hundreds of innocent
people are subjected to indignities every day.
Twenty-seven-year-old Kurt Disser is an example. A diamond dealer, he frequently
drives between San Diego and Los Angeles on business. Sixty-six miles from the
Mexican border, on Interstate Route 5, near San Clemente, the Immigration and
Naturalization Service maintains a checkpoint, allegedly to detect illegal
aliens but increasingly serving in the drug war. Most of the 115,000 drivers who
pass through the checkpoint each day are merely required to slow down while an
officer glances at them. Disser, however, was stopped and searched 15 of the 30
times he traversed the route during a 17-month period. On several occasions, he
was frisked and his car trunk was searched. Drug-sniffing dogs were given
repeated whiffs of Disser's car. Several times, agents told him the dogs
detected drugs and this led to a full search. No evidence of drugs or
criminality of any kind was ever found. Disser has no criminal record. He was
stopped and searched solely because of his appearance (he has long hair and
drives an elderly Cadillac, both characteristics apparently found in the
Hispanics and "hippie types" bear the brunt of the profiles near our southern
border, but young African Americans suffer from them throughout the country. An
African American who drives a car with an out-of-state license plate is likely
to be stopped almost anywhere he goes in the United States. A survey of car
stoppings on the New Jersey Turnpike revealed that, although only 4.7 percent of
the cars were driven by blacks with out-of-state plates, 80 percent of the drug
arrests were of such people. In 1991 the Pittsburgh Press examined 121 cases in
which travelers were searched and no drugs were found. Seventy-seven percent of
the people were black, Hispanic, or Asian. In Memphis, about 75 percent of the
air travelers stopped by drug police in 1989 were black, yet only 4 percent of
the flying public is black.
Almost as offensive as relying on racial characteristics in a profile
to justify searches or seizures is permitting the trivial and subjective
profile characteristics to count as "reasonable" or "articulable" suspicion.
Warren Ferguson, a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, has
observed that the Drug Enforcement Administration's profiles have a
"chameleon-like way of adapting to any particular set of observations." In one
case, a suspicious circumstance (profile characteristic) was deplaning first. In
another, it was deplaning last. In a third, it was deplaning in the middle. A
one-way ticket was said to be a suspicious circumstance in one case; a
round-trip ticket was suspicious in another. Taking a nonstop flight was
suspicious in one case, while changing planes was suspicious in another.
Traveling alone fit a profile in one case; having a companion did so in another.
Behaving nervously was a tipoff in one case; acting calmly was suspicious in
Another favorite basis for suspicion is that the suspect is traveling to or from
a major source city for drugs, even though every U.S. city with a major airport
qualifies for that designation. Even the same agents take contradictory
positions. In Tennessee, the Pittsburgh Press reports, an agent testified that
he was leery of a man because he "walked quickly through the airport." Six weeks
later, the same agent swore that his suspicions were aroused by a man because he
"walked with intentional slowness after getting off the bus.
As even their users admit, the profiles are self-fulfilling. If the profiles are
based on who is searched and found guilty, the guilty will necessarily fit the
profiles. The DEA claims to catch 3,000 or more drug violators through the
profiles, but no records are kept of how many people are hassled, detained, or
searched to produce the 3,000. The DEA keeps no records of the profile system's
Some numbers, however, are available. Rudy Sandoval, a commander of Denver's
vice bureau, estimated that his police conducted 2,000 airport searches in 1990,
yielding only 49 arrests. In Pittsburgh, where records were kept, 527 people
were searched in 1990, and 49 were arrested. In the Buffalo airport, in 1989,
600 people were stopped by police and only 10 were arrested. Said George Pratt,
a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit: "It appears that
they have sacrificed the Fourth Amendment by detaining 590 innocent people in
order to arrest 10 who are not -- all in the name of the `war on drugs.' When, pray tell, will it end? Where are we going?
What the drug war has done to the Fourth Amendment, it has also done to the
Sixth. The Sixth Amendment guarantees, among other things, that in "all
criminal prosecutions" the accused shall enjoy "the assistance of counsel for
his defense." No other right is as precious to one accused of crime as the right
of counsel. A loyal, competent lawyer is essential for the protection of every
other right the defendant has, including the right to a fair trial.
In recognition of that fact, the definition of the enemy in the war against
drugs has been expanded. Not only are drug sellers and drug users targets, so
are their lawyers. Criminal-defense lawyers, especially if they practice in
federal courts, have increasingly come to expect their law offices to be
searched, their phones to be tapped, or their offices bugged. They are rarely
surprised when they get Internal Revenue Service summonses seeking information
about their criminal clients, about themselves, or about both.
Prosecutors frequently serve subpoenas on defense lawyers prior to trial,
requiring them to produce documents and testify about their client before a
grand jury, in secret. Having thus driven a wedge between client and attorney,
creating mistrust of the lawyer at least and a disqualifying conflict of
interest at worst, the prosecutor is then in a strong position to coerce a
guilty plea or, in intractable cases, to seek disqualification of the lawyer on
the eve of trial, when no other lawyer has time to prepare a defense.
The courts have upheld all these practices, the effect of which is to deprive
the accused of his only real defensive armament. The Supreme Court added a
powerful missile to the government's arsenal when it held, in the 1989 case
Caplin & Drysdale v. United States, that federal authorities could freeze and
later obtain the forfeiture of the assets of a person accused of a drug crime,
so that he would have no money with which to pay a lawyer.
The centuries-old tradition that confidential conversations between a lawyer and
client cannot be divulged without the consent of the client also seems headed
for the basement of American legal history. Courts have held that because
"monitoring" of conversations in jails and prisons is well-known, any
attorney-client conversations that are eavesdropped upon or tapped are fair
game -- they have been implicitly "consented" to. This absurd fiction was even
applied to Col. Manuel Noriega, who barely speaks English. After he was
kidnapped in Panama and thrown in a Miami jail, his phone conversations with his
lawyers were "monitored." A federal court found he waived his rights by talking
on the phone.
Courts have expanded other exceptions to the attorney-client privilege to the
point that little is left of the privilege in criminal prosecutions. Two
exceptions together almost swallow the privilege: 1) If the attorney's services
were sought, in whole or in part, to aid in the commission of a crime or a
fraud, the crime-fraud exception applies; 2) if necessary to clear himself of
suspicion, the attorney can disclose privileged confidential communications,
even if they bury the client. In short, if the interests of attorney and client
are in conflict, the interests of the attorney prevail.
Anyone accused of being involved with illegal drugs who is (or ever has been)
guilty of the crime charged or any other acquisitive crime and hires a lawyer is
necessarily seeking, at least in part, to cover up past crimes and to avoid
future claims against his assets, such as tax claims, forfeiture claims, and the
like. Courts have ruled that it's enough for prosecutors to show there is
"probable cause" to believe the attorney is helping his client achieve such
objectives, which are usually regarded as impermissible. (Probable cause can
even be based on the attorney-client conversations themselves.) It is not
possible to separate consultations concerning past money-making crimes, to which
the attorney-client privilege supposedly still applies, and consultations about
future crimes or frauds, to which the privilege does not apply. Faced with such
overlaps, courts commonly find there is no privilege.
Even if the crime-fraud exception does not destroy the privilege, the second,
save-the-lawyer-at-any-cost exception often will. A prosecutor can apparently
trump the privilege simply by making insinuations about the complicity of
counsel in the client's alleged criminal activities. The lawyer can then betray
the client to clear himself. That this rule permits the prosecutor to destroy
the accused's privilege by a mere insinuation seems not to bother either courts
or experts on legal ethics.
Courts have also upheld recent requirements that criminal-defense lawyers report
to the IRS anyone who pays them $10,000 or more in cash, whether a client or a
third party. Attorneys who have refused to make such reports about their clients
have been jailed. As of 1986, it is also a felony for anyone, including a
lawyer, to accept money or property in excess of $10,000 that was derived from
specified unlawful activity.
It is no defense for a lawyer or any other recipient that the money or property
was received for legitimate goods or services, even essential legal services.
Nor is it a defense that the attorney had nothing to do with the illegal
activity that generated the money or property. Nor is it a defense that the
attorney was unaware of the specific kind of criminal activity that produced the
money. It is not even a defense for the attorney that he had no actual knowledge
that the money or property was illegally derived. "Willful blindness" is a
substitute for knowledge, and the lifestyle of the client -- fitting stereotypes
of how drug dealers comport themselves -- may go far toward establishing the
attorney's guilty "knowledge" or "willful blindness." Thus, an attorney who
represents a person who is charged with a drug offense who "looks like" a drug
dealer is at risk of being indicted also.
Defense lawyers therefore risk losing not only their fee but their freedom and
their license to practice law for trying to protect the constitutional rights of
their clients. And the possible charges against lawyers are not limited to
accepting "tainted" money as payment of a fee. Lawyers who help their clients
avoid indictment or who represent them in business dealings, such as real-estate
transactions, can be indicted with the client for money laundering, tax evasion,
or even drug trafficking. Attorneys who confine their professional activities
solely to defending clients who have already been arrested on charges still risk
their own indictment, for "obstruction of justice" if nothing else.
Nobody knows what the limits of that crime are. Many prosecutors think that
anything a defense attorney does that might be helpful in defending the client
is such an obstruction. Courts have not yet embraced that interpretation, but
neither have they repudiated it. According to Columbia University law professor
H. Richard Uviller, a former prosecutor, it is almost possible to say that the
statute threatens a five-year penalty for virtually any conduct that the
government deems evasive, abusive, or inconvenient while a judicial proceeding
is pending.
It has always been difficult for persons accused of drug crimes to find
competent attorneys willing to bear the stigma of being "a drug dealer's
lawyer." But now that such attorneys also risk losing both their fees and their
freedom, privately retained drug-defense lawyers are on their way to
extinction -- which is what the Congress and the Supreme Court appear to want.
Court opinions that chisel away at specific constitutional guarantees
ought to be alarming to all who value liberty, but such decisions are
at least visible and are subject to intense scrutiny and criticism. Legal
scholar Steven Wisotsky calls the result of this chiseling process "the Emerging
`Drug Exception' to the Bill of Rights." A less visible and therefore more
ominous "drug exception" corrodes the amorphous right to a fair trial protected
by the Fifth and 14th Amendments' Due Process clauses.
In most drug prosecutions, the trial proceedings are ignored by the press and no
opinions are written by the trial judges justifying or explaining their rulings.
Those accused of crime must rely on the integrity of appellate judges to
scrutinize the record and ensure that the trial proceedings were fair and
consistent with due process. Yet in many courts criminal convictions and long
prison sentences are routinely upheld without even hearing argument of the
appeal and without even the writing of an appellate opinion. In such cases,
there is no basis for believing that the appellate judges bothered to read the
briefs or understood the issues, much less that they dealt with them fairly.
The prevailing, although rarely acknowledged, attitude in American courts is
that almost any trial is too good for a person accused of a drug crime. That
attitude was succinctly displayed in a remark by one of the most liberal Supreme
Court justices. In a 1987 interview with Life, Thurgood Marshall said, "If it's
a dope case, I won't even read the petition. I ain't giving no break to no dope
dealer." That statement caught the attention of some in the legal profession,
but it produced neither a bark of criticism nor a paragraph of protest.
The pressures that the drug war have brought to bear on already overburdened
courts have produced a breakdown in both their integrity and the respect in
which they are held. Many defense lawyers and scholars are convinced that
appellate judges will say anything to uphold a drug conviction. If such judges
don't affirm without writing any opinion at all, they often issue unsigned
opinions and, because such opinions are so shoddy, forbid their publication. The
courts will not even allow lawyers to cite such "opinions" as precedent in other
cases. Finally, when they do publish their opinions, judges often invent
nonexistent "facts" to support their affirmances. Respect for the American
judiciary by lawyers who appear before them has probably never been lower.
Occasionally, a judge rails against the trampling of rights under the tanks of
the drug war. Usually, this is done as part of a multi-judge panel, where a
judge can dissent from the decision of the majority while having no discernible
effect on the outcome. Such dissenting opinions can ring the bells of
freedom while the majority orders the defendant packed off to prison. The
dissenter has little responsibility for what he says, since he is not deciding
the case. Protests by judges at the trial level, where a single judge is
responsible for the outcome, require more courage and happen less often.
One such judge was U.S. Magistrate Peter Nimkoff of Miami. Nimkoff frequently
offended prosecutors and other judges by granting bail to defendants accused of
major drug crimes. Most judges either order the defendant detained without any
bail at all -- a power given to them by the 1984 Bail Reform Act -- or find out how much bail the defendant can post and then set bail at five or 10 times that
amount. Nimkoff asserted that the Constitution presumes the innocence of all
persons accused of crime, even a drug crime.
In a 1984 case, he blasted as "outrageous" the tactics of a DEA agent who,
posing as a friend of a lawyer's client, tried to get the Miami attorney to
divulge confidential communications from his client. DEA agents then tried to
implicate the lawyer himself in an escape plot. Failing that, they obtained a
search warrant on a fraudulent affidavit and thus were able to read privileged
letters between attorney and client. In another case, Nimkoff denounced the
DEA's use of a female informant who set up at least 40 men, enticing them into
drug deals after developing a sexual relationship with them. The "boyfriend"
would be busted, and the "girlfriend" would get paid by the DEA.
Finally, in 1986, Nimkoff had enough. He resigned to protest the relentless
erosion of rights and the governmental abuses of power with which he was daily
confronted. In a press conference, he decried the view "that there are two
constitutions -- one for criminal cases generally and another for drug cases." Such a view is not only wrong, he said. It "invites police officers to behave like criminals. And they do." Nimkoff's lamentations had the impact of a flower
falling in the forest. Miami's major newspaper, the Herald, found nothing about
his resignation or his press conference that warranted reporting.
The drug war's threats to the Bill of Rights extend not only to those
civil liberties favored by ACLU liberals but also to property rights.
The signers of the Declaration of Independence believed, with John Locke, that
the right of property was fundamental, inalienable, an aspect of humanity. They
regarded liberty as impossible without property, which was the guardian of every
other right. These beliefs are reflected in constitutional text. The Fifth
Amendment declares that "no person shall be deprived of life, liberty or
property without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for
public use, without just compensation." Under forfeiture statutes enacted since
1970, however, both deprivations occur routinely, with the approval of courts.
Under federal statutes, any property is subject to forfeiture if it is "used, or
intended to be used, in any manner or part, to commit or to facilitate the
commission" of a drug crime. (See "Ill-Gotten Gains," August/September 1993.) No
one need be convicted or even accused of a crime for forfeiture to occur.
Forfeiture is a "civil" matter. Title vests in the government instantly upon the
existence of the use or the intention to use the property in connection with a
drug offense. All the government needs to establish its right to seize the
property is "probable cause," the same flimsy standard needed to get a search
The government can take a home on no stronger a showing than it needs to take a
look inside. Hearsay or even an anonymous informant can suffice. No legal
proceedings are required before personal property may be seized. If the police
have "probable cause" concerning a car, a boat, or an airplane, they just grab
it. Although a hearing has to take place before property can be repossessed at
the behest of a conditional seller, before a driver's license can be revoked,
before welfare benefits can be terminated, and before a state employee can be
fired, persons can have their motor homes confiscated without any proceedings of
any kind, if the confiscation is a drug forfeiture. There may be a right to
contest the forfeiture after the seizure, but even this right is lost if not
promptly asserted. Moreover, the costs of hiring a lawyer and suing to recover
the seized property may be prohibitive unless the seized property is of great
As construed by the courts, the forfeiture statutes also encourage police to
make blatantly unconstitutional seizures. Property may be seized without
probable cause -- on a naked hunch -- and still be retained and forfeited. Courts hold
that illegally seized property may be forfeited if the police establish probable
cause at the forfeiture proceeding itself. It doesn't matter that there was no
cause whatever for the seizure; it doesn't matter that the seizure was illegal,
even unconstitutional. If the government can later establish probable cause
(through the seized property itself or investigation occurring after the
seizure), that is sufficient to uphold a forfeiture.
If the government wants to seize real property without notice, it has to get a
court's approval, but that is as easy as getting a search warrant. A seizure
warrant is obtained in the same way as a search warrant and on the same hearsay
grounds. In 1988, a six-story apartment building in New York, containing 41
apartments, was seized on such a warrant, which the appellate court upheld.
No civilized country imposes criminal punishment for mere evil intentions, but
the forfeiture statutes -- since they are "civil," not "criminal" -- are apparently
subject to no such limitation. In 1991 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit held that a home was forfeitable because the owner, when he applied for
a home equity loan, "intended" to use the proceeds to buy drugs. By the time the
loan actually came through, he had used other funds for that purpose, but that
didn't matter, the court said, because he had intended to use the home to secure
a loan, the proceeds of which he intended to use for drugs. The home was
therefore no longer his. It would apparently have made no difference if he never
even applied for the loan, as long as he thought about it.
Any activities within a home that relate to drugs are sufficient for forfeiture
of the home: a phone call to or from a source; the possession of chemicals,
wrappers, paraphernalia of any kind; the storing or reading of any how-to books
on the cultivation or production of drugs. The operative question is whether any
of these activities was "intended" to facilitate a drug offense.
If a car is driven to or from a place where drugs are bought or sold and is then
parked in a garage attached to a home, the home has been used to store the car,
which facilitated the transaction, and is probably forfeitable along with the
car. If the home is located on a 120-acre farm, the entire farm goes as well. If
only a few square feet of land in a remote section of a farm are devoted to
marijuana plants, the grower loses not only the entire farm, but, if it is on
the same land as the farm, his home as well.
Once any property qualifies for forfeiture, almost any other property owned or
possessed by the same person can fall into the forfeiture pot. Notions about how
otherwise "innocent" property can "facilitate" illegal activities are almost
limitless. In a 1991 Hawaii case, when drug proceeds were deposited in a bank
account that contained several hundred thousand dollars in "clean" funds, the
entire account was declared forfeit on the theory that the "clean" funds
facilitated the laundering of the tainted funds. In a 1989 case involving a drug
dealer who owned and operated a ranch in Georgia, his quarter horses -- all 27 of
them -- were forfeited on the theory that, as part of a legitimate business, the
livestock helped create a "front" for the owner's illegal activities. On this
theory, the more "innocent" one's use of property is, the more effective it is
as a "front" or "cover" and therefore the more clearly forfeitable.
Entire hotels have been forfeited because one or more rooms were used by guests
for drug transactions. Entire apartment houses have been lost because drug
activities occurred in some apartments. In 1991 proceedings were brought to
forfeit fraternity houses at the University of Virginia because some of the
members sold drugs there. Those seizures created a stir, but they pale when
compared to the potential. Imagine the government taking over New York's Plaza
Hotel or one of the giant casino hotels in Atlantic City or Las Vegas on the
same theory. Or taking over a company town because of a single drug sale or
backyard marijuana plant. Harvard University is also available for the taking.
There are certainly drug sales, drug use, even drug manufacturing taking place
on campus.
Under federal law, property owners can defeat civil forfeiture if they
can prove either that the claimed offending use did not occur and was
not even intended, or that the offending use occurred or was intended "without
the knowledge or consent of that owner." Unfortunately, even this seemingly
clear provision provides little protection for innocent owners. Courts have
treated "knowledge" and "willful blindness" as equivalents and have then merged
"willful blindness" into "negligence.
Despite the plain language of the statute, most courts are unwilling to lift a
forfeiture unless the owners can prove that the offending activity not only
occurred without their knowledge or consent, but also that they did all that
"reasonably could be expected to prevent the proscribed use of the property."
The owner has been conscripted as a police officer to ensure that no improper
use is made of the property. In a 1990 Milwaukee case, the owner of a 36-unit
apartment building plagued by dope dealing evicted 10 tenants suspected of drug
use, gave a master key to the police, forwarded tips to the police, and even
hired two security firms. The city seized the building anyway.
If owners discover that their property is being used to "facilitate" drug use or
sale, what can they do to ensure that they will not lose their property to
forfeiture? Nothing, probably. If they call the police and inform on their
tenants, they have established their knowledge, as of the date they informed,
which will usually be sufficient for forfeiture. Informing the police may go far
toward establishing that owners did not "consent" to the illicit use, but many
courts have held that the owner must both lack knowledge and not consent to the
illicit use.
As scary as forfeiture already is, it is spreading to other offenses. When it is
extended to new areas, the punishment becomes drastically disproportionate to
the offense and the constitutional safeguards of criminal procedure are
circumvented. Already, federal forfeiture statutes apply to pornography,
gambling, and several other offenses, as well as drugs. Some state forfeiture
laws apply to property used in any felony. The forfeiture of cars used in sex
offenses is commonplace. Hartford, Connecticut, recently began confiscating the
cars of johns who cruise neighborhoods looking for prostitutes. Some states take
one's car for drunk driving.
Where will it end? Why not extend forfeiture to income-tax evasion and take the
homes of the millions -- some say as many as 30 million -- who cheat on their taxes?
The statutory basis for forfeiting homes and businesses of tax evaders is
already in place. The Internal Revenue Code reads: "It shall be unlawful to have
or possess any property intended for use in violating the provisions of the
Internal Revenue Service LawsIor which has been so used, and no property rights
shall exist in any such property.
Although use of this provision has mainly been limited to seizures of moonshine
and gambling equipment, and sometimes businesses, there is no reason, given the
breadth of the drug forfeiture decisions, why it can't be employed to take the
homes and offices of tax evaders and even those of their accountants and
lawyers. A congressman who failed to pay Social Security tax on wages of his
housekeeper could lose his home. Moreover, unlike drug forfeiture, the tax
forfeiture statutes have no innocent-owner defense.
If there is a shard of moral justification for forfeiture, it is that an owner,
duly forewarned, chooses to use or permit his property to be used illegally and
therefore voluntarily "waives" his constitutional rights of property. But such a
"waiver" theory can be extended to destroy all rights and all liberty. It is a
cancer on the Constitution, certain to metastasize if not eliminated soon.
Steven B. Duke is Law of Science and Technology Professor at Yale Law School.
Albert C. Gross is an attorney and writer in San Diego. This article is adapted
from their book, America's Longest War: Rethinking Our Tragic Crusade Against
Drugs (Putnam).
    ------------------------------------------------------------
    The contents of this file are copyright 1993 by the publisher
    in whose directory this file appeared.  Unauthorized copying
    of this information is strictly forbidden.  Please read the
    general notice at the top menu of the Gopher Server for
    the Electronic Newsstand.  For information regarding reprints,
    please send mail to REPRINTS at Enews.Com
    ------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1994-02-03 20:59:44
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: New remailer up. 
Jon Boone expressed what seems to be a consensus, " I won't hack into
mail.netcom.com to demonstrate that it is possible to figure out who used
your remailer. But, if one of the admins from netcom wants to send me their
syslogs, I'll do my best to put together a correlation."
Netcom logs mail. The mail queue is viewable by most anyone willing to set
up a mail queue logging routine. If someone wants to see the mail logs
after it is no longer in the mail queue they have to be root on Netcom or
illegally hack in. If the FDA wants your illegal smart drugs, they might
get Netcom to hand over mail logs. If a hacker or the NSA taps into root,
they don't need mail logs; they'll just "wiretap" the qwerty account,
including its secret key and pass phrase.
Is there any OTHER serious but unrelated problems with a Netcom remailer?
Now I know what warnings and hints to put in qwerty's .plan: "Since Netcom
keeps mail logs, people should only have contact with qwerty via other
remailers or send mail out from qwerty only to public sites like Usenet or
a mailing list, so the real addresses of the users never shows up on
Netcom's logs or in the mail queue. It is also best to use encryption in
case someone is reading the contents instead of just the logs."
Routing through qwerty will add another layer of difficulty to someone
trying to track down a message sender, since if forces them to get Netcom's
sendmail logs after the fact or to make their own logs every day of the
year from an account on Netcom. Is this legal for say the FDA to do? How
about my new idea for a company called "Netlog!" in which I log the mail
queue on Netcom and offer to sell CD ROMs containing a year's mail logs
from Netcom? These tricks could be made more difficult with traffic
analysis countermeasures.
However, the issue seems more touchy than this rationalization for the
existance of Netcom remailers. Not assuming qwerty remains in its current
state, will adding qwerty to a mailing chain, say between extropia to
hfinney at shell, using encryption, add to or decrease security? The question
needs to be answered, with the assumption that someone IS collecting mail
queue logs. How would you have me alter qwerty so that this link ADDED to
the security of a chain? More than an hour delay must be avoided by making
the scheme more sophisticated, in my view. If I add a 0-30 min. random
delay, with added dummy traffic going out from qwerty in a circle through
other remailers and back to qwerty's bit bucket, every few minutes, would
this make it useful also to SERIOUS remailer users?
Before I start throwing out ideas that I'm sure aren't new to readers here,
I have a simple question that perhaps I should post to comp.unix.questions
or comp.lang.perl, but.... Can I, and how would I, get a perl script to
kick in and send out mail every few minutes when I am NOT logged in. Is this
possible on Netcom?
The question is pretty general, and involves any public access or personal
account machine. So send me a remailer or tell me how to patch Hal's.
 -Nik (Xenon)

@_date: 1994-02-04 11:25:15
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: REMAILERS: Netcoms Policy and hazards to remailers 
An issue arose today with Netcoms
DASD migration... My Account was moved from /ux/accountname
to /uxx/accountname, which caused my .forward file to begin bouncing
mail. Netcoms sysadms promptly moved my .forward to
.forard.bak to eliminate the bounces and notified me via
the now working mail. During my conversation with the admin I asked specifically
what Netcoms policy vis-a-vis ECPA, search warrants, and
warrantless requests from Law enforcement of any kind for
both e-mail in transit and stored files.. The
answer was as it should be. A "proper" search arrant would
be required prior to cooperation with LE. Netcom as a policy
ill NOT provide ANY materials other than account name
without a search warrant, unless an account on netcom
is used to crack another site and netcom is liable(
in which case they will file a complaint and give cooperation
to investigating officers.) a warrant is required for release.
The subject of remailer and crypto out of a netcom account didnt
elicit any comment from the sysadmin...)
Tomorrow I will call and ask specifically on that area...
  anon

@_date: 1994-02-04 12:45:15
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Magic Money Digicash System 
Magic Money Digital Cash System
Brought To You By Pr0duct Cypher
Based on PGP Tools - The Crypto Construction Set
Send to csn.org, should appear under /mpj somewhere
Magic Money is a digital cash system designed for use over electronic mail.
The system is online and untraceable. Online means that each transaction
involves an exchange with a server, to prevent double-spending. Untraceable
means that it is impossible for anyone to trace transactions, or to match
a withdrawal with a deposit, or to match two coins in any way.
The system consists of two modules, the server and the client. Magic Money
uses the PGP ascii-armored message format for all communication between the
server and client. All traffic is encrypted, and messages from the server
to the client are signed. Untraceability is provided by a Chaum-style blind
signature. Note that the blind signature is patented, as is RSA. Using it
for experimental purposes only shouldn't get you in trouble.
Digicash is represented by discrete coins, the denominations of which are
chosen by the server operator. Coins are RSA-signed, with a different e/d
pair for each denomination. The server does not store any money. All coins
are stored by the client module. The server accepts old coins and blind-
signs new coins, and checks off the old ones on a spent list.
Suppose Alice wants to pay Bob some Magic Money. Alice uses her client
module to extract some coins from her account (file). She then mails those
coins to Bob, using a secure channel such as a PGP message. Bob runs his
client module on the coins. The client module checks the signatures, and
totals up the value of the coins. It then prompts Bob to choose the values of new coins which total the same
value as the old ones. For example, Alice sends Bob a 64-unit coin. Bob
chooses a 32-unit and two 16-unit coins. The client module then generates
proto-coins, which are blinded but unsigned. It produces an output file
containing Alice's coins, and the new proto-coins.
Bob mails this to the server. The server counts up Alice's coins, checks
their signatures, and checks for double-spending. It puts the coins on the
cancelled list, signs the proto-coins, and mails them back to Bob. Bob runs
his client module on the reply message. It unblinds the signed coins and
adds them to his coin file. This completes the transfer.
The Magic Money server is a filter, accepting input from stdin and sending
output to stdout. To set up a server, you first compile the server program
and install it in its own directory. Dump some random junk in a file called
rand.dat. This and the system clock is hashed to generate random numbers.
Then execute "s i" to initialize the server. It will prompt you for some
information. For the denominations, I would use powers of 2 (1, 2, 4, 8,
16, 32, 64, 128...) because they minimize the number of coins needed to
transfer any amount. The server will create a key and an e/d list. An
ascii-armored copy of the server's public key is written to bank.asc. Users
must have this key to use the server, so however you publicize your server,
include the key.
Set up the system so that, when a message comes in, the server is executed
and the message (which need not be cleaned up first) is piped into stdin.
The output from the server should be mailed back to the user. The server
can be run through a remailer, if you don't want to reveal your location.
This would be easiest through a penet-style remailer. Operating through a
cypherpunks-style remailer would require an external mechanism to handle
reply headers. However you do it, just see to it that messages go into the
server and the output goes back to the right user.
If you just want to experiment on one machine, put the server and client in
different directories, to prevent their files from interfering with each
other. Set up a shell script/batch file to feed the client's output into
the server and return the server's reply.
The server has the ability to include a message to the client. If the file
msg.txt exists in the server's directory, it will be included in the
server's replies, and the clients will display it. The client will wait for
a keypress after displaying the message, so the last line should be "press
any key to continue" or something similar. The message should not be longer
than one screen, because there is no "more" in the client. The main use for
the message is to warn users of expirations (see below), but you can send
anything you want.
To set up a client, compile the client module (unless the server operator
was nice enough to provide a binary [hint]) and put it in its own
directory. Put some random junk (for random numbers) into rand.dat, and put
the server's ascii-armored key in bank.asc. Now execute "c -i" to
initialize your client. It will create a key and generate "output.asc"
which should be mailed to the server. When the reply comes back, save it
in a file and run "c ". This will initialize your e-list and coin
name files. If the server has a msg.txt, you will see it.
Now get another user to send you some coins. Coins are binary, not ascii-
armored, because we assume you will use a PGP message or other "envelope"
to transport them. Execute "c " to process your coins. The client
will show the denominations as the signatures are checked. It will show the
total, and allow you to choose denominations for the new coins you want to
generate. Then it will generate a file "output.asc" which should be mailed
to the server. Take the server's reply and run "c " on it. It will
extract and unblind the coins, displaying them as it does so. When it is
done, you will have some coins to spend.
To pay someone some coins, execute "c -p". The client will show a list of
coins you have, and allow you to choose values to extract. These will be
copied into "coins.dat", which you then mail to the person you want to pay.
He does as above to deposit them. Do not lose "coins.dat" because the coins
are removed from your file as they are extracted.
Server maintenance and expirations: the server must keep track of all the
coins which have ever been spent, at 16 bytes each. While the server uses
an efficient hash file to maintain speed, the file will eventually grow to
consume the entire filesystem of the host machine. There must be a way to
clear it out eventually.
The server operator executes "s n" to generate a new e/d list. The old list
will be renamed. Old coins are still valid at this point. The server
operator should put up a message warning users to exchange their old coins.
The next time a user interacts with the server, his elist will be updated
automatically, and the old one renamed. The user can (and should be warned to) execute "c -x" to automatically
exchange all his old coins for new ones. After a reasonable time, and
plenty of warning (!) the server operator executes "s d" to delete the old
spent list, efile, and dfile. Old coins are now worthless. The next time
a user interacts with the server, his old elist will be deleted
automatically by his client. Old coins will now show up as having zero
value, and a "c -x" will discard them as "expired coins". If the user was
dumb enough not to exchange his coins, too bad.
The server will only sign as much value as it receives, so the amount of
money in circulation remains constant. We have a chicken-and-egg problem:
how is value created? The server operator has the magical ability to create
new coins from thin air. He executes "s m   " where x is the
denomination of the coins he wants. The result is a coins.dat file, which
can be mailed to a user and processed by his client module. The server just
signs the coins directly, without any blinding.
Coins are represented by RSA integers in the normal PGP-signature format.
The coin is 16 bytes, padded in the same way that PGP 2.3a pads a
signature. The coin is stored signed, that is, raised to the d power. There
is no hashing involved; RSA is used directly.
To blind a coin, the client generates a blinding factor, a large random
number. The random number is raised to the appropriate e power, modulo the
server's n. It is then multiplied with the unsigned coin, generating a
blinded "proto-coin", which is sent to the server. The server signs the
blinded coin by raising to the power d. This "decrypts" the blinding factor
at the same time as it signs the coin, because RSA is multiplicative. Then
the client divides out the blinding factor, leaving the signed coin.
How big should the blinding factor be? I am not sure. Right now, it is set
to the modulus minus one byte. This is certainly secure, but it takes a
long time to unblind because mp_inv is a slow operation. If you know how
long it needs to be, feel free to change it.
Now, if you're still awake, comes the fun part: how do you introduce real
value into your digicash system? How, for that matter, do you even get
people to play with it?
What makes gold valuable? It has some useful properties: it is a good
conductor, is resistant to corrosion and chemicals, etc. But those have
only recently become important. Why has gold been valuable for thousands
of years? It's pretty, it's shiny, and most importantly, it is scarce.
Digicash is pretty and shiny. People have been talking about it for years,
but few have actually used it. You can make your cash more interesting by
giving your server a provocative name. Running it through a remailer could
give it an 'underground' feel, which would attract people.
Your digicash should be scarce. Don't give it away in large quantities. Get
some people to play with your server, passing coins back and forth. Have
a contest - the first person who (breaks this code, answers this question,
etc.) wins some digital money. Once people start getting interested, your
digital money will be in demand. Make sure demand always exceeds supply. If some people get servers up and running, and if there is any interest,
I can write an automatic client which will accept and pay out Magic Money
without human intervention. Please let me know if you have an application
for this, or any other ideas for the system.
                                              Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-04 13:29:54
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: remailer delays 
Brian Beker asked,
"The last two messages I've sent through remailers have taken upwards of
two days to arrive at their destinations.  Parallel messages sent
directly arrived immediately.
The two remailers are Hal's and rebma.
What is making this happen?  Is it related to all the recent PGP FAQ
traffic?  Which remailers if any are not suffering from these lags?"
I am not using remba at all, not even pinging it. The last three days
have seen the "Bomb me!" request dwindle to about 5-6 a day. Hal's ("shell")
is working without a glitch. That leaves remba. If I can get my list of
remailer details completed, people like you with specific needs (today you
want speed) will be happier. The fast remailers that I am using and have
had NO problem with are:
 = (
"catalyst at netcom.com",
"remailer at dis.org",
"ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu",
"remailer at merde.dis.org",
"elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu",
"hfinney at shell.portal.com",
"hh at soda.berkeley.edu",
"qwerty at netcom.com"
These are not necessarily the most secure ones, but they are all pingable
with variable 5 minute to 1 hour delays for the pings to come back. If speed
is of concern, these are your remailers. cicada and pmantis are also quite
fast but are not meant for what I need them for. I am very sensitive to
kicking mailers off my list if I cause a problem, even once. The merde and
dis.org remailers often add an hour delay, seeming to batch things out.
jarthur is often ~10 minutes, but just as often an hour.
- From my incomplete List:
Remailer  Fast?  OpLog SysLog Subj Batch RD NL CPU Phys PGP BitB
 -------- ------ ----- ------ ---- ----- -- -- --- ---- --- ---- ----------
bsu-cs    +      ?      ?/?    +    ?    ?   ?  ?   ?   23a  ?
catalyst  +      N?    SM/MQ   -    -    ?   -  PA  M   23a  -
choas     +      ?      ?/?    +    ?    ?   ?  ?   ?   -    -
cicada    ++     ?      ?/?    -    -    -   -  ?   ?   -    -
dis.org   -/--   ?      ?/?    -    ?    ?   ?  ?   ?   23a  ?
extropia  +/?    ?      ?/?    +    ?    ?   ?  Pr? ?   23a  ?
jarthur   +/--   St    SM/MQ?  -    ?    ?   ?  Un  ?   23a  -
menudo    --     ?      ?/?    -    t1   ?   ?  ?   ?   -    ?
merde     -/--   ?      ?/?    -    ?    ?   ?  ?   ?   -    ?
penet.fi  --     St     ?/?    -    t?   24  +  Pr  H   -    -
pmantis   ++     ?      ?/?    -    ?    -   -  ?   ?   -    -
qwerty    +      C     SM/MQ   -    -    -   -  PA  M   23a  +
rosebud   ++/-   ?      ?/?    -    -    -   ?  ?   ?   23a  ?
remba       ?    ?      ?/?    ?    ?    ?   ?  ?   ?   23a  ?
shell     ++/+/- St     ?/?    -    ?    ?   ?  ?   ?   23a  -
soda      ++/-   St+?   ?/?    -    ?    ?   ?  ?   ?   -
Subj: Strips Subject header?
NL: Non-linear remailing? 123->231.
RD: Random delay added (max, in hours)?
Batch: Batched remailing? t2 means twice daily. n5 means after 5 messages.
CPU: Pr = private. PA = account on public access machine. Un = university.
Phys: Physical security of the CPU, especially at night. H/M/L.
BitB: BitBucket feature?
++ <5 min
+   5-10 min.
 -  ~10-30 min delay
 --  pinging isn't practical due to long delays
+/- sometimes +, sometimes -
Normal internet mail delays are common, and are not equivalent in the two
directions between any two remailers. Mail still gets through.
F: full copies of all mail is archived. My large volume mailing should
   help put a stop to this.
St: Stats logs of when mail was remailed.
St+: Stats logs of when and where mail was remailed.
St-: simple counter.
N: operator keeps no logs.
SM: sendmail logs of when and where mail was exchanged. Root access.
MQ: mailqueue accessible by anyone on the site. Could make logs.
 -Nik (Xenon)

@_date: 1994-02-04 15:55:19
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: For Pr0duct Cypher: faster mp_inv 
PGP's mp_inv is needlessly slow.  It works OK for the little numbers
they normally use ("e" exponents) but bogs down for big numbers.
Fortunately I wrote a fast version of mp_inv some time ago just for
this application (blinding).  You might say it is "blindingly" fast!
Here it is, from my private copy of pgp source.  With this you can
choose anything for your blinding.  You will probably want to change
it to use your safemalloc.
 OLD_MPINV
void mp_inv(unitptr x,unitptr a,unitptr n)
 * INV->v(iminus1), V->v(i), temp->v(iplus1).  We rotate the assignment to temp
 * and INV in their 2nd block of code.
 */
void mp_inv(unitptr x,unitptr a,unitptr n)
 u
 v
}	/* mp_inv */
 /* OLD_MPINV */

@_date: 1994-02-04 16:30:17
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: wh_press_secy.statement 
The following is a self contradictory statement, if considered to apply for
the time period of the next 20 years as the govenment's policy, and it down
right PISSES ME OFF. Fuck you, government.

@_date: 1994-02-04 18:55:19
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: KERT Advisory 
KA-94:01                         KERT Advisory
                               February 4, 1994
                      Ongoing Network Monitoring Attacks

@_date: 1994-02-05 03:20:09
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Encrypted Snail Remailer. 
Disclaimer: Please take this as a work of science fiction, a short
monologue by the character in a novel. It is meant to stimulate discussion
and to express concerns that have recently turned from vague to clear, in
my mind. I have great respect for the people out here, but I can not help
myself. I very much want a secure network of remailers, but I fear the
problem is the design, inflexible and non-private, of the internet itself.
This is dedicated to those such as Phil Zimmerman and Pr0duct Cypher,
individuals who seem to see the larger picture, that which involves
humanity, not just internet culture 1994.
              -=New Secure Remailer Service Announcement=-
For discussion purposes only until I post my mailbox address and buy that
128/256MB drive ;-) !
Ultimate in remailer technology. Only slightly slower than many Cypher
remailers, but much less traceable. Up to 250MB at once. Encrypt your
message with the (possibly anonymous) public key of a friend or contact,
signing it with your anonymous secret key. Encrypt that, along with the
friend's postal address, with my public key. Put it on a new DOS or Mac
floppy, or 128/256MB Optical Disk, avoiding finger prints and DNA on the
postage stamp. Send it with a fake return address from a pubic mailbox to
my yet to be announced post office box. I will decrypt the forwarding
address on my PowerBook, not at home, and mail it from various Manhattan
street mailboxes, with no return address (or one you send me). I will then
securely overwrite the file from my hard disk. Of course, you can include
an anonymous encrypted return address as part of your message to the
recipient. The cost is $5 cash, plus $1/MB of encrypted message to cover
the CPU time. Express mail would in fact be AS fast as the serious Cypher remailers, but
would cost you $20 since I have to pay in cash at a post office, or get a
money order to use FedEx, and then make up a fake return address if you
leave one out. Until a new generation of internet remailers are produced, I
make claim to my remailer service being much more secure. There is also no
need keeping logs to protect my liability, since no one knows that my
remailer was where it came from.
One of the most serious weakness of any internet remailer is that you tell
someone spying on the recipient exactly which remailer site a piece of mail
came from, as well as when. I asked about faking internet mail but was told
that this was "frowned upon" for internet mail. Too bad. REALLY too bad.
With mine, it could be any individual in NYC, and the time of day doesn't
mean much. It thus involves a lot more than a few keystrokes on the assumed
NSA internet logging database to trace it back to the sender. Fairly
obvious and fairly illegal spying on me and the other manual remailers out
there would be required, as well as opening mailboxes before the mailman
arrived. A TEMPEST attack on a PowerBook in public in different locations
just isn't going to happen very often. Bugging my PowerBook isn't possible
since I always carry it with me (and know what it's insides look like in
Secure encryption being available to the common man is what will change the
world. I'm not yet convinced that internet remailers will have a similar
influence unless they are able to resist the presence of full site-to-site
monitoring by the government and hackers, a thing which should thus be
assumed by their designers. Cryptoanarchy doesn't mean the internet. It
means encryption.
Given that snail mail encrypted remailing is already possible, the reason
for a new, secure remailer generation isn't really security but is speed,
convenience, flexibility, and cost. The same reasons for ANY use of the
internet. But current serious remailers are neither fast nor convenient,
and they don't have a BILLION messages going through them a day to mix your
secret messages into, like postal mail DOES. They tag mail as having BEEN
remailed as well. Even when ALL e-mail is encrypted you haven't done
anything for anonymity until all e-mail is also REMAILED, with no logs or
remailer sites appearing in the headers. E-mail is free now. Remailing
needs to be free too, or what advantage has it over snail mail, given that
it does the same thing? The only way I can see all mail being remailed,
assuming it is already all encrypted, is if every personal e-mail account
was itself a remailer. I don't see this happening unless the Cypherpunks
themselves write the software for the "data highway". Otherwise I will
never trust remailers since as I've said to others, I can't SEE the wires.
PGP is what's happening. Digital money too. But the INTERNET, even with
(centralized) remailers is just a Big Brother nationwide wiretap. So don't
use wires.
What is my liability, if I am a remailer and the authorities intercept a
message to a gangster? None, since they don't know I remailed it. Can any
internet remailer be so lucky? I could say I don't KNOW if I remailed it
(no logs), even if they find a return address as encrypted in my public
key; "Any one of dozens of Manhattan snail remailers could have sent it."
However, if your return address IS encrypted with my public key, law
enforcement can, most likely LEGALLY, demand my pass phrase. Of course
they'll only know the return address using the pass phrase and secret key
of the receiver.
Again though, this situation is BETTER security than internet remailers,
since the pass phrase for the remailer is in my head, not plain text in a
perl code. They can't secretly download my memory, or at least not YET ;-).
Breaking into your remailer site without a trace is conceivable though. I'd
find it similarly attractive but more rewarding than dumpster diving.
Commercial sites are easiest, especially small high tech companies.
Are these sites TEMPEST secure? Tempest based on simple radio receivers is
primitive compared to what modern spectroscopy could conceivably do, even
at a distance. I'd imagine ACTIVE spectrosopies could do much more or you
could actively induce a current in a given direction at a given frequency.
How about having your CPU mail me its secret key and pass phrase? Things
like this are only getting easier, fast. VERY fast. Another reason to not
trust fixed-location centralized remailers. I don't even like the idea of
personal accounts on a Unix machine. Every laptop should be an internet
node, and an encrypted remailer. Only when central remailers are no longer
there to attack will we have safe anonymity without using snail remailing.
Hell I can't even get more than three fucking e-mails in response when I
ask for INFORMATION about the existing remailers. I thank Eli and Hal, but
I guess the NSA doesn't hand out info on the dozen Cypherpunk remailers IT
is running. Zero knowledge (yup), reputations (lowsy or non existent except
for anon.penet.fi), information markets (selling remailer pass phrases and
sendmail logs), anonymous networks (snail mail only), collapse of
governments (yes, but not using the existing nationwide wiretap, er...
internet). Fuck, I'm sounding like Detweiler. But I'm ranting for MORE
Another internet-like standardization such as that of e-mail headers, has
very sadly crept into PGP itself, weakening it as the secure encryptor. PGP
2.3a still has no "random data block" output format, in which the ONLY way
to even KNOW it's a PGP message is to successfully decrypt it. I asked
about this on alt.security.pgp, generated little interest, but was told a
future version may have this option (just gossip). I say it should be the
STANDARD. Internet-like standards should NOT be the guiding force behind
CRYPTOGRAPHIC standards. Get the fuck off the internet, and write me a real
encryptor. How can steganography work if it's so easy to figure out if what
is extracted is an encrypted message? Given the upcoming non-voluntary
second generation Clipper, steg will have to become the norm.
And don't port PGP to the Mac and Windows, port it FROM them; over 100
million strong and growing. "Five to one baby." News of the revolution will
not be posted. Thanks for PGP. Thanks for the CPU. Like those Cypherpunk
T-shirts though! Boot up and slam dance. Kewl! Nice sig!
If my remailer, the ONLY acceptably secure encrypted remailer that exists,
catches on, I may add a modem feature, involving pay phones. I've already
written the needed secure code (none). And remember, security begins with
people, not technology, always has, always will.
 -=Xenon=-
P.S. gosub disclaimer.

@_date: 1994-02-05 15:05:47
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: CypherPUNKS. Not! 
Disclaimer: In this essay, I explore the "punk" aspect of "Cypherpunk".
I wish to provoke, but not disrespect. I am trying to learn and stir things
up, and fend off a certain boredom and inertia that seems to set in when
new ideas seem to be scarce, or worse, shunned. I am a fool throwing
out ideas. You can learn a lot from a fool.
Dedicated to Nikola Tesla and Buckminster Fuller.
You ain't punks. Light rock and Muzak for you. Wouldn't want to upset an
RFC standard. Oh no no, that would be FROWNED upon! We might loose our
Netcom accounts. How can we download Wired and Mondo articles then? Are you
crazy? Detweiler and Sternlight might narc on us, and get us in fearful
trouble. We don't want trouble we just want to fit in and cruise for babes
with our e-money and bOING bOING ties. Please send more e-postage; your
remailer account's gone dry.
You got a problem; the problem is YOU. -Sid Vicious/Sex Pistols
When will all remailers forge mail headers so no one knows which site's
sendmail logs to subpoena or hack into? Forge Message-ID's too. Forge
everything. You can do it with postal mail, legally. When will every
account be a remailer? The internet SUCKS. What's the flag for PGP to
output its "random data block" format? Get off the internet. Message up, to
satellite, from remailer, message down to the world. No one knows who's
decrypting. And besides, "What encrypted message?" God doesn't give out His
sendmail logs. Wires, you can't see them. You can't trust them. If you rely
on technology for your security, stop using wires. And once your remailers
ARE more secure, old Uncle Sam's comin' t' pull the plug, 'cause they know
where to find that CPU. I'm comin' too. Sounds like fun. I wonder what sort
of sexy pass phrase you're using. What's your address? I want to send you
$1. Oh, here's the address in the Thomas Register. You're out a $1.
 * WWW - World Wide Wiretap *
Get Off the Internet and Write Us a Real Encryptor.
Get Off the Internet and Write Us a Real Encryptor.
Oh glee, the net loonies are sending megajoules not megabytes.
Real addresses not e-addresses. Can I still hit 'd' for "diffuse"?
I can't see you; I can't touch you.
I want privacy.
I want real friends.
I want off the internet.
Get Off the Internet and Write Us a Real Encryptor.
 -=Xenon=-
Dead Kennedys / Bedtime for Democracy and other works:
 Anarchy for Sale
Step right up folks
Anarchy for sale!
T-shirts only 10 dollars
Badges only 3.50
I nicked the design, never asked the band
I never listen to them either
Buy buy buy from Circle A
Like hula hoops, it's a disposable craze
Another fast-food fad to throw away
Get your anarchy for sale
Anarchy for sale
Anarchy for sale
Sheep unite!
Get your cuddly boots and studs
Be sure to rebel in proper style
Rebel along the paths we pick
Out of fear of peer pressure we create
Hey you!-
Get those flyers off my wall
No commie peace shit in my boutique
No one here cares what that all means
Our town sucks
Our scene rules
To belong you must buy into it
So we sold you metal spike bracelets....
C'mon let's see a good fight
 Chickenshit Conformist
Punk's not dead
It just deserves to die
When it becomes another stale cartoon
A close-minded, self-centered social club
Ideas don't matter, it's who you know
If the music's gotten boring
It's because of the people
Who want everyone to sound the same
Who drive bright people out
Of our so-called scene
'Til all that's left
Is just a meaningless fad
Hardcore formulas are dogshit
Change and caring are what's real
Is this a state of mind
Or just another label
The joy and hope of an alternative
Have become its own cliche
A hairstyle's not a lifestyle
Imagine Sid Vicious at 35
Who needs a scene
Scared to love and to feel
Judging everythng
By loud fast rules appeal
Who played last night?
"I don't know, I forgot.
But diving off the stage
Was a lot of fun."
So eager to please
Peer pressure decrees
So eager to please
Peer pressure decrees
Make the same old mistakes
Again and again,
Chickenshit conformist
Like your parents
What's ripped us apart even more than drugs
Are the thieves and the goddamn liars
Flipping people off when they share their stuff
When someone falls are there any friends?
Harder core than thou for a year or two
Then it's time to get a real job
Others stay home, it's no fun to go out
When the gigs are wrecked by gangs and thugs
When the thugs form bands, look who gets record deals
Who sign the most racist queerbashing bands they can find
To make a buck revving kids up for war
Walk tall, act small
Only as tough as gang approval
Unity is bullshit
When it's under someone's fat boot
Where's the common cause
Too many factions
Safely sulk in their shells
Agree with us on everything
Or we won't help with anythng
That kind of attitude
JUst makes a split grow wider
Guess who's laughing while the world explodes
When we're all crybabies
Who fight best among ouselves
That farty old rock and roll attitude's back
"It's competition, man, we wanna break big."
Who needs friends when the money's good
That's right, the '70s are back.
Cock-rock metal's like a bad laxative
It just don't move me, ya know?
The music's OK when there's more ideas than solos
Do we rally need the attitude too?
Shedding thin skin too quickly
As a fan it disappoints me
Same old stupid sexist lyrics
Or is Satan all you can think of?
Crossover is just another word
For lack of ideas
Maybe what we need
Are more trolls under the bridge
Wil the metalheads finally learn something-
Or will the punks throw away their education?
No one's ever the best
Once they believe their own press
"Maturing" don't mean rehashing
Mistakes of the past
The more things change
The more they stay the same
We can't grow
When we won't criticize ourselves
The '60s weren't all failure
It's the '70s that stunk
As the clock ticks we dig the same hole
Music scenes ain't real life
They won't get rid of the bomb
Won't eliminate rape
Or bring down the banks
Any kind of real change
Takes more time and work
Than changing channels on a TV set
 Fleshdunce
We're world industry's thoughtlords
The entertainment wing
We keep you all in line
By fixing your free will
Surround you with pop fantasies
Just slightly out of reach
To soften all the blows
Of your forced daily routine
We strip-mine your underground culture
Take the bite out and rinse it clean
Give ourselves credit for creating it
Then sell it back to you
At twice the price
Our pool of talent vampires
Has blown into your town
To dazzle, sign and milk you
All strictly on our own terms
You think you've got a lot to say
We'll change that real soon
You're not a person anymore
We've made you a cartoon
By the time we're through remolding you
You won't even recognize your face
There's no end to the eager beavers
Drawn the moths to our Babylon's mirage
Conveyor belt of fleshdunce
They all want to do the fleshdunce
Conveyor belt of fleshdunce
Who all want to do the fleshdance
 Where Do Ya Draw the Line
Seems like the more I think I know
The more I find I don't
Every answer opens up so many questions
anarchy sounds good to me
Then someone asks, "Who'd fix the sewers?"
"Would the rednecks just play king
Of the neighborhood?"
How many liberators
Really want to be dictators
Every theory has its holes
When real life steps in
So how do we feed
And make room for
All the people crowded on our earth
And transfer all that wealth
Where do ya draw the line
Where do ya draw the line
I'm not telling you
I'm asking you
Ever notice hard line radicals
Can go on start trips too
Where no one's pure and right
Except themselves
"I'm cleansed of the system."
('Cept when my amp needs electric power)
Or-"The Party Line says no.
Feminists can't wear fishnets."
You wanna help stop war?
Well, we reject your application
You crack too many jokes
And you eat meat
What better way to turn people off
Than to twist ideas for change
Into one more church
That forgets we're all human beings
Where do ya draw the line?
In Toronto someone blew up
A cruise missile warhead plant
10 slightly hurt, 4 million dollars damage
Why not destroy private property
When it's used against you and me
Is that violence
Or self-defence
You tell me
Turn on
Tune in
Cop out
 PULL MY STRINGS
I'm tired of self-respect
I can't afford a car
I wanna be a prefab superstar
I wanna be a tool
Don't need no soul
Wanna make big money
Playing rock and roll
I'll make my music boring
I'll play my music slow
I ain't no artist I'm a businessman
No ideas of my own
I won't offend
Or rock the boat
Just sex and drugs
And rock and roll
Drool, drool, drool, drool, drool (etc.)
My payola!
Drool, drool, drool, drool, drool (etc.)
My payola!
You'll pay ten bucks to see me
On a fifteen foot high stage
Fatass bouncers kick the shit
Out of kids who try to dance
If my friends say
I''ve lost my guts
I'll laugh and say
That's rock and roll
But there's just one problem...
Is my cock big enough
Is my brain small enough
For you to make me a star
Give me a toot,
I'll sell you my soul
Pull my strings and I'll go far
And when I'm rich
And meet Bob Hope
We'll shoot some golf
And shoot some dope
Is my cock big enough
Is my brain small enough
For you to make me a star
Give me a toot,
I'll sell you my soul
Pull my strings and I'll go far
 SHORT SONGS
I love short songs.
 Stealing People's Mail
  Words and Music by Biafra
We ain't going to the party
We ain't going to the game
We ain't going to the disco
Ain't gonna cruise down main
We're stealing people's mail
      stealing people's mail
      stealing people's mail
On a friday night
Drivin' in the mountains
Winding round and round
Rummage thru your mailboxes
Take your mail back to town
And we got license plates, wedding gifts, tax returns
Checks to politicians from real estate firms,
Money, bills and cancelled checks,
Pretty funny pictures of your kids
We're stealing peopl's mail
On a Friday night
We're stealing people's mail
By the pale moonlight
We got grocery sackful after grocery sackful
Grocery sackful after grocery sackful
Grocery sackful after grocery sackful
Of the private lives of you
Ha Ha
People say we're crazy
We're sick and all alone
But when we read your letters
We're rolling on the floor
We got more license plates, wedding gifts, tax returns
Checks to politicians from real estate firms,
Money, bills and cancelled checks
We cut relationships with your friends
We're gonna steal your mail
By the pale moonlight
We better not get caught
We'll be drugged and shocked
'Til we come out born-again christians....
 NAZI PUNKS FUCK OFF
Punk ain't no religious cult
Punk means thinking for yourself
You ain't hardcore cos you spike your hair
When a jock still lives inside your head
Nazi punks
Nazi punks
Nazi punks - Fuck Off!
Nazi punks
Nazi punks
Nazi punks - Fuck Off!
If you've come to fight, get outa here
You ain't no better than the bouncers
We ain't trying to be police
When you ape the cops it ain't anarchy
Nazi punks
Nazi punks
Nazi punks - Fuck Off!
Nazi punks
Nazi punks
Nazi punks - Fuck Off!
Ten guys jump one, what a man
You fight each other, the police state wins
Stab your backs when you trash our halls
Trash a bank if you've got real balls
You still think swastikas look cool
The real nazis run your schools
They're coaches, businessmen and cops
In a real fourth reich you'll be the first to go
Nazi punks
Nazi punks
Nazi punks - Fuck Off!
Nazi punks
Nazi punks
Nazi punks - Fuck Off!
You'll be the first to go
You'll be the first to go
You'll be the first to go
Unless you think...
 TERMINAL PREPPIE
         I go to college
         That makes me so cool
         I live in a dorm
         And show off by the pool
         I join the right clubs
         Just to make an impression
         I block out thinking
         It won't get me ahead
         My ambition in life
         Is to look good on paper
         All I want is a slot
         In some big corporation
         John Belushi's my hero
         I Lampoon and ape him
         My news of the world
         Comes from Sports Illustrated
         I'm proud of my trophies
         Like my empty beer cans
         Stacked in rows up the wall
         To impress all my friends
         No, I'm not here to learn
         I just want to get drunk
         And major in business
         And be taught how to fuck
         Win!  Win!
         I always play to win
         Wanna fit in like a cog
         In the faceless machine
         (chorus)
         I'm a terminal terminal terminal preppie
         Terminal terminal terminal preppie
         Terminal terminal terminal terminal
         Terminal terminal terminal terminal
         I want a wife with tits
         Who just smiles all the time
         In my centerfold world
         Filled with Springsteen and wine
         Some day I'll have power
         Some day I'll have boats
         A tract in some suburb
         With Thanksgivings to host
         (chorus)
         I'm a terminal terminal terminal preppie
         Terminal terminal terminal preppie
         Terminal terminal terminal preppie
 I AM THE OWL
         I am your plumber
         No I never went away
         I still bug your bedrooms
         And pick up everything you say
         It can be a boring job
         To monitor all day your excess talk
         I hear when you're drinking
         And cheating on your lonely wife
         I play tape recordings
         Of you to my friends at night
         We've got our girl in bed with you
         You're on candid camera
         We just un-elected you
         (chorus)
         I am the owl
         I seek out the fowl
         Wipe 'em away
         Keep America free
         For clean livin' folks like me
         If you demonstrate
         Angainst somebody we like
         I'll slip on a wig
         And see if I can start a riot
         Transform you to an angry mob
         All your leaders go to jail for my job
         But we aren't the russians
         Political trials are taboo
         We've got our secret
         Ways of getting rid of you
         Fill you full of LSD
         Turn you loose on a freeway
         (chorus)
         Send you spinning
         Send you spinning
         Send you spinning all over the freeway
         Spinning on the crowded freeway
         Spinning on the freeway
         Spinning on the freeway
         Spin...
         Spin...
         Spin - Lookout
         The Press, they never even cared
         Why a youth leader walked into a speeding car
         In ten years we'll leek the truth
         By then it's only so much paper
         Watergate hurt
         But nothing really ever changed
         A teeny bit quieter
         But we still play our little games
         We still play our little games
         We still play our little games
         We still play our little games
         We still play a lot of games
         I am the owl
         (chorus)

@_date: 1994-02-05 21:40:22
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Remailer security. 
Mr. Someone asked,
Depends on how much they are willing to pay for the extropia secret key and
pass phrase that I am selling. Too bad they don't guard their company at
night, and don't use rotary locks instead of six pin tumblers. How much do
you think your enemy is willing to offer?
The point is.... Decide for yourself. No one knows.
-Citizen  class.

@_date: 1994-02-05 23:40:22
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Magic Money Update 
This is an update for Magic Money. The PGPKGEN.C here contains a very fast
mp_inv function, provided by an anonymous poster on the Cypherpunks list,
which reduces the time to unblind a 1024-bit coin from minutes to a few
seconds. The C.C contains a new -r option which generates a blank message,
similar to the -i option, without generating a new key. This should be used
by infrequent server users, to update their elists and make sure they do not
miss an expiration. The message generated by -r has no coins, but causes the
server to reply.
Blinding is now fast enough to use a 1024-bit server key. A server operator
should re-integrate the assembly-language speedups from PGP, or the server
will be very slow in signing coins. The PGP makefile might help you do this.
                                           Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-06 00:10:50
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Magic Money vulnerabilities? 
People have mentioned possible attacks against Magic Money.
I don't think it is possible to send the server a value to sign which
would reveal the server's secret key. The server signs your message x by
raising x to the power d. If you know x^d and x, finding d would seem to be
a discrete-logarithm problem, which is just as intractible as factoring.
Can a small or otherwise rigged x help you to find d? If so, participating
in any blind signature protocol is very dangerous, but I don't think that
you can find d this way.
 (some deleted) (attack 1)
(attack 2)
Magic Money is not susceptible to the first (intercept) attack, because
the coins are encrypted with the server's public key. The reply is also
encrypted with a response key sent to the server inside the encrypted
packet. The server signs its responses, so you couldn't send someone some
bogus coins and then fake the server's response to fool the person into
believing that the coins were good.
Magic Money has no account numbers; the server just exchanges old coins for new coins immediately. A version of the second attack is a problem. The
message from the user to the server has no authentication. It is just an
encrypted PGP message to the server. There is an RSA packet and an IDEA
packet, and the data is directly inside the IDEA packet. If you were to dearmor the message and garble something near the end, then re-armor it, the server would bounce the garbled coins with a bad signature. Some of the first coins would already have been cancelled, and their value would be lost. To prevent this, the next version will MD5 the data packet before encrypting it, and include the MD5 value. This will be checked, and if it is bad, the message will be thrown out before processing any of the coins. This is not a pressing problem. Who would go to all the trouble to
make a remailer detect and corrupt certain messages? The person doing the
corrupting would not have anything to gain.
A while ago I read of a program in alpha-test called Nautilus. This was
specifically designed to compress speech for modem transmission. The author
said that the beta, when it was ready, would be Copylefted. PGP Tools, if
combined with Nautilus, has everything you need to do a secure phone. With
the Clipper push, we need one badly, and now. It should use PGP keys for
authentication, but either DH or a one-shot RSA key for key exchange. That
way they can't record the session and demand your key later, as they could
if you used your regular PGP key for the key exchange.
                                             Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-06 18:26:08
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGP Tools & Magic Money Update 
PGP Tools and Magic Money would not run on a big-endian machine. This did
not surprise me, because I don't have one to test it on. I sent a new version to csn.org which fixes a bug in fifo_moven, and includes a to force the precision to maximum on a big-endian machine. This should make
it work, but will slow it down. The new version, when it shows up, should
be in the pgp_tools directory. Go to /mpj, read README.MPJ, and it will tell
you how to get into the crypto section. Check the file dates to see if the
new version is there yet. I sent them on 2/6.
Is there anyone who would like to fix it so it will run properly? The files
pgptools.c and ptd.c in the toolkit, and mm.c, s.c, and c.c in the Magic
Money system, need to be changed. There is a function called rescale which
has to be run on mpi's after set_precision is called. I have no way to test
any changes, so I can't write this.
                                          Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-06 21:46:09
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Magic Money attack 
I think there may be a security weakness in Magic Money coins, and in
Chaum's "online" cash system from the Chaum/Fiat/Naor paper.
[ describes the Magic Money coins ]
[ only 18 bytes are checked ]
Easy enough to fix. Will code this. I just sent new PGP Tools and Magic
Money updates to MPJ. He must be getting tired of me sending him new code
all the time. :-) The latest version does protect against garbling of the
message from client to server.
Any way to avoid this, other than a cumbersome cut-and-choose?
[ attacker gets a bunch of small primes signed ]
How many small primes would it take? How would he know what numbers to
multiply to get the coins? Just create random coins and look for one which
is made of all small factors? I should try this and see if I can find one.
Not being an expert in the math, would most coins have a large factor, or
would there be a fair number with only small factors?
Any math whizzes out there care to run these numbers?
The high-byte check I will code up right now, but I'll wait until we figure out what to do about this problem, before dumping any more code on MPJ.
Is anyone going to start up a server, when the program is debugged?
Anyone know Chaum's email address? We could ask him...
I can think of one way. Redefine the coin format so the last 2 bytes or so
can be anything you want. Now when the user generates a coin, he sets these
last two bytes to 0001 and then tests for primality. He keeps adding 2 and checking until he finds a coin which is prime, or at least doesn't have any small factors.
When the server gets a coin, it checks it for primality, and only accepts
coins that pass the prime test. This way any coin made out of small factors
will not be accepted.
The small-factor sieve is fast, and with the proper  it checks all primes below 8192 decimal. The slowtest() PGP uses is slow even for the
512-bit primes used to make 1024 bit PGP keys. It would be useless for a
full 1024-bit number. Would eliminating coins with factors below 8192 be
enough? Or how could one more quickly check the coin for primality?
                                          Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-06 22:20:31
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: RE Magic Money Attack 
Pr0duct Cypher wrote,
"Easy enough to fix. Will code this. I just sent new PGP Tools and Magic
Money updates to MPJ. He must be getting tired of me sending him new code
all the time. :-) The latest version does protect against garbling of the
message from client to server."
Tired of new code? NEVER.

@_date: 1994-02-07 01:16:12
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Magic Money attack feasible? 
I've done some experiments with this factor-multiplication problem. I think
the solution is to check the whole coin rather than just the ASN string, and possibly to make sure the coin has no small factors. Doing a slowtest() on a 1024-bit number takes slightly under a minute on a fast PC, so that is too slow. But the sieve is fast, and if you  BIGSIEVE, it catches all factors below 8192.
I tried making some coins and trial-dividing them by the small primes in the primetable[] (up to 8191). There were a few factors being found, mostly
8-bit ones, but the remaining coin, when all the factors were divided out, wasn't much smaller. I think finding coins with all small factors will be pretty intractible.
The paper refers to Chaum's digicash, using x and f(x). If f(x) were only
16 bytes, and not padded, this attack would be a serious problem. But the
padding (01 and then repeat FF until the last 34 bytes) makes the attack
much harder and probably impractical. The PKCS-format signature was, after
all, designed to break up the multiplicativity of RSA. What exactly does
the ASN string (those magic 18 bytes) do, other than pad out the MPI? Does
it have some special mathematical properties?
Personally, I think the padding gets rid of the problem. A 1024-bit number,
padded with FF's to make it as big as possible, is very likely to have two
or more fairly large factors (more than 16 bits or so). Since you would have to get two or more signatures to forge one, you lose money instead of gaining it. You are unlikely to find two coins which have the same large factors, so you can't re-use signed primes - the whole key to this attack.
It is possible to move everything up, and leave the last 16 bits open. Then you could sieve the coin, and add 2 until you found one which had no factors below 8192, making the attack even harder. I don't think this is necessary, but I hope someone will work out the math. And if it turns out to be necessary, it is at least possible to make all the coins prime, making this attack completely impossible.
For now, I will modify the code to check the whole number, and to make sure
that the coin is as long as the modulus it's signed with. If the other
change is necessary, let me know. I'm not going to post any more code to
csn.org until someone (1) checks the existing (sent today) code on a big-
endian machine, and (2) figures out if this attack is a problem. It should be mathematically possible to find the probability that a number of size m is composed only of primes smaller than size n, but I don't know how to do it. Does anyone?
                                                  Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-07 02:26:14
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGPTOOLS and Magic Money 
I've got the code written to check the whole coin, and I found another
subtle bug caused by precision setting. Since setting precision does not
seem to affect the speed of the decryption (I think the mpi library sets
it internally during modexp) I'm just going to fix it at MAX_UNIT_PRECISION
and leave it there. Tomorrow I will strip out all of these damn things.
                                           Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-08 02:26:36
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Magic Money -> Chaum Cash 
Ok, let's try this one more time... Based on Eric's long and mathematical
explanation, which I did not fully understand and was therefore convinced
by, I have changed the program to use full Chaum cash. It takes the 16-byte
random number, takes its MD5, and stores the MD5 in the coin. The coin is
now a triple (id,e,mpi) and the bank never sees id when blind-signing the
coin, thus preserving anonymity.
I sent this new version to csn.org as mgmny10c.zip. I haven't had a chance
to update the manual or the comments in the code, but it does seem to work.
At least, I was able to mint coins and cycle them through the server a few
times, so the basic coin cycle seems to work. Please check it out, on
machines of both endians, and let me know what happens.
                                                 Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-10 01:22:11
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: "national security" exception to wiretap laws 
* * * * *
18 USC s 2511(2)(f):
 Nothing contained in this chapter or chapter 121, or section 705 of the
 Communications Act of 1934, shall be deemed to affect the acquisition by the
 United States Government of foreign intelligence information from international
 or foreign communications, or foreign intelligence activities conducted in
 accordance with otherwise applicable Federal law involving a foreign electronic
 communications system, utilizing a means other than electronic surveillance as
 defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978,
 and procedures in this chapter and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of
 1978 shall be the exclusive means by which electronic surveillance, as defined
 in section 101 of such Act, and the interception of domestic wire and oral
 communications may be conducted.
 * * * * *
 [From USCA annotations for 18 USC s 2511]
  13. Executive powers
  This chapter providing that nothing therein should be deemed to limit the
 constitutional power of the President to protect the United States against any
 clear and present danger to the structure or existence of the government did
 not constitute a grant of power and was not intended to expand, contract or
 define whatever presidential surveillance powers existed in matters affecting
 national security, but was only intended to make clear that this chapter should
 not be interpreted to limit or disturb such power as the President might have
 under the Constitution.  U.S. v. U.S. Dist. Court for Eastern Dist. of Mich.,
 Southern Division, Mich.1972, 92 S.Ct. 2125, 407 U.S. 297, 32 L.Ed.2d 752.
  Former Attorney General was entitled to qualified immunity in civil damage
 action based upon wiretaps, where sufficient facts were alleged to place
 wiretap in rational national security context.  Ellsberg v. Mitchell, 1986, 807
 F.2d 204, 257 U.S.App.D.C. 59, certiorari denied 108 S.Ct. 197, 484 U.S. 870,
 98 L.Ed.2d 148.
  Former national security council staff member's admission that he had access
 to option papers discussing possibility of Cambodian bombing operation, secret
 talks with North Vietnamese, and withdrawal of troops from Vietnam, as well as
 contingency planning in event that such steps might be taken, together with
 evidence that staff member had roomed with reporter who wrote article reporting
 classified bombing raids on Cambodia, was sufficient to establish reasonable
 national security grounds for wiretap of staff member's phone so as to entitle
 government officials who ordered wiretap to qualified immunity defense in civil
 damage action brought by staff member.  Halperin v. Kissinger, 1986, 807 F.2d
 180, 257 U.S.App.D.C. 35.
  Those provisions of this chapter which, in the context of pure intelligence-
 gathering activities, would frustrate the constitutional power of the
 President, cannot be applied to such surveillance.  (Per Wright, Circuit Judge,
 with three Judges concurring and three additional Judges concurring in the
 judgment.)  Zweibon v. Mitchell, 1975, 516 F.2d 594, 170 U.S.App.D.C. 1,
 certiorari denied 96 S.Ct. 1684, 1685, 425 U.S. 944, 48 L.Ed.2d 187.
  Restrictions upon the President's power which are appropriate in cases of
 domestic security become artificial in the context of the international
 sphere.  U.S. v. Brown, C.A.La.1973, 484 F.2d 418, certiorari denied 94 S.Ct.
 1490, 415 U.S. 960, 39 L.Ed.2d 575.
  Whatever constitutional power lies without scope of this chapter and is
 invested in chief executive to authorize warrantless surveillance for sake of
 "national security," necessary prerequisite to administration of such power is
 express approval by President or Attorney General.  U.S. v. Kearney,
 D.C.N.Y.1977, 436 F.Supp. 1108.

@_date: 1994-02-10 23:20:24
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: JESUS SAVES! 
Part of the inspiration for OPERATION BLACKEN BLACKNET...
RISKS-LIST: RISKS-FORUM Digest  Thursday 10 February 1994  Volume 15 : Issue 49
The following was posted on a local BBS about the recent incident on the ANDREWS NEWS
Staff member suspended for network abuse, by Wendy Wein
     Clarence Thomas, systems administrator for "Redwood," the administrative
computer, will be temporarily suspended from his job because he sent a 5,500
character religious message to between 1,200 to 1,500 news groups across the
world through the Internet.  This act violated the system's purpose, giving
Andrews University a bad reputation among the Internet users. Over 1,200
complaints came over the Internet to the Andrews computer science department
demanding justice.
     According to Mailen Kootsey, chair of the academic computing committee
and dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Thomas will be suspended from
his position for a week. His status will be reviewed at the end of the time
period. During this week Thomas will not have available access to the network
     Sometime between five and eight o'clock Monday evening, January 17,
Thomas sent his three-page message titled "Global Alert for All: Jesus is
Coming Soon," from the Andrews computing center to the news groups which are
accessible through the Internet, a computer system which connects computers
throughout the world.
     These news groups deal with different individual topics. For example, if
a news group is about cars, then only information about cars should be sent to
that news group. Some people subscribe to more than one group and some
universities and organizations are subscribed to almost all of them. Thomas
sent his religious message to all of these groups.
     People who were not interested received this message, some more than
once. Some organizations received 1,200 to 1,500 copies.  For many of the
subscribers religious input was not accepted very well. This message took up
their time and money.  The message accumulated 5.5 kilobytes of disk space.
Within an hour after the message was sent, Daniel Bidwell, administrative
contact for the network at Andrews, received Internet messages from the East
     In two hours they came from the West coast and within four hours,
complaint letters came in from other countries. The letters made statements
such as "This is not what I am paying for" and "Will this guy be stopped?"
     In addition to the news groups, Thomas also sent his message through a
mailing list, filling others' electronic mail. This could have been changed by
sending it to only a few news groups so fewer copies could have been
distributed.  "If he sent his message through a news group which dealt with
religious issues then everything would be fine," said Bidwell, "No one would
have known."
     There are no laws against Thomas' actions, yet he violated and broke some
of the unwritten rules of society. That is why many people are unhappy.
     This act created poor reactions towards the university.  Thomas' intent
was to spread the good news of Jesus' return to all those he could reach.
Thomas was trying to witness to others, yet instead of creating joy in
peoples' heart, he only created anger and resentment. "He was doing the right
thing in the wrong way," said Bidwell.
     Some of those who wrote to complain said that they agreed with the
message, but that Thomas delivered it wrongly. This message has created bad
public relations for the church at another's expense.
     The letters that were received included threats. They wanted Thomas
fired, or else the Internet connections from the Andrews campus could be
"taken." People are now writing and finding ways to contact President Lesher.
Not only have strangers called, but also a large amount of Adventists claiming
that something must be done to save the church's sacred reputation.
     On Monday morning, January 24, Rob Barnhurst, Thomas's supervisor and
director of the computing center, Ed Wines, vice president for finance, and
Kootsey, met to discuss the incident.  They decided to send out an apology
through the Internet, explaining that they did not condone Thomas's act and
will try to keep this from happening again.
     Thomas graduated from Andrews with a computer science degree.  Those at
the computer science department feel that he knew better then to send out that
many copies. "It was clearly, very definitely abuse," said Ray Paden, chair of
the computer science department.  "He broke the guidelines for the Internet
and violated the net etiquette. The trust was violated."

@_date: 1994-02-10 23:22:16
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: JESUS SAVES! 
Part of the inspiration for OPERATION BLACKEN BLACKNET...
RISKS-LIST: RISKS-FORUM Digest  Thursday 10 February 1994  Volume 15 : Issue 49
The following was posted on a local BBS about the recent incident on the ANDREWS NEWS
Staff member suspended for network abuse, by Wendy Wein
     Clarence Thomas, systems administrator for "Redwood," the administrative
computer, will be temporarily suspended from his job because he sent a 5,500
character religious message to between 1,200 to 1,500 news groups across the
world through the Internet.  This act violated the system's purpose, giving
Andrews University a bad reputation among the Internet users. Over 1,200
complaints came over the Internet to the Andrews computer science department
demanding justice.
     According to Mailen Kootsey, chair of the academic computing committee
and dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Thomas will be suspended from
his position for a week. His status will be reviewed at the end of the time
period. During this week Thomas will not have available access to the network
     Sometime between five and eight o'clock Monday evening, January 17,
Thomas sent his three-page message titled "Global Alert for All: Jesus is
Coming Soon," from the Andrews computing center to the news groups which are
accessible through the Internet, a computer system which connects computers
throughout the world.
     These news groups deal with different individual topics. For example, if
a news group is about cars, then only information about cars should be sent to
that news group. Some people subscribe to more than one group and some
universities and organizations are subscribed to almost all of them. Thomas
sent his religious message to all of these groups.
     People who were not interested received this message, some more than
once. Some organizations received 1,200 to 1,500 copies.  For many of the
subscribers religious input was not accepted very well. This message took up
their time and money.  The message accumulated 5.5 kilobytes of disk space.
Within an hour after the message was sent, Daniel Bidwell, administrative
contact for the network at Andrews, received Internet messages from the East
     In two hours they came from the West coast and within four hours,
complaint letters came in from other countries. The letters made statements
such as "This is not what I am paying for" and "Will this guy be stopped?"
     In addition to the news groups, Thomas also sent his message through a
mailing list, filling others' electronic mail. This could have been changed by
sending it to only a few news groups so fewer copies could have been
distributed.  "If he sent his message through a news group which dealt with
religious issues then everything would be fine," said Bidwell, "No one would
have known."
     There are no laws against Thomas' actions, yet he violated and broke some
of the unwritten rules of society. That is why many people are unhappy.
     This act created poor reactions towards the university.  Thomas' intent
was to spread the good news of Jesus' return to all those he could reach.
Thomas was trying to witness to others, yet instead of creating joy in
peoples' heart, he only created anger and resentment. "He was doing the right
thing in the wrong way," said Bidwell.
     Some of those who wrote to complain said that they agreed with the
message, but that Thomas delivered it wrongly. This message has created bad
public relations for the church at another's expense.
     The letters that were received included threats. They wanted Thomas
fired, or else the Internet connections from the Andrews campus could be
"taken." People are now writing and finding ways to contact President Lesher.
Not only have strangers called, but also a large amount of Adventists claiming
that something must be done to save the church's sacred reputation.
     On Monday morning, January 24, Rob Barnhurst, Thomas's supervisor and
director of the computing center, Ed Wines, vice president for finance, and
Kootsey, met to discuss the incident.  They decided to send out an apology
through the Internet, explaining that they did not condone Thomas's act and
will try to keep this from happening again.
     Thomas graduated from Andrews with a computer science degree.  Those at
the computer science department feel that he knew better then to send out that
many copies. "It was clearly, very definitely abuse," said Ray Paden, chair of
the computer science department.  "He broke the guidelines for the Internet
and violated the net etiquette. The trust was violated."

@_date: 1994-02-20 11:27:00
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Clipper fact sheet with analysis 
White House fact sheet, with analysis.
Repost me!
                   UNIVERSAL WIRETAPPING SYSTEM
The President, acting on advice from the Spooks, has decided to
wiretap everyone's communications now, while it is still possible.
Al Gore loves the wonders of technology.
The feds are having a hard time tapping your phone.
The FBI can't break the new codes people have invented.
Neither can the NSA.
The NSA could break DES, and citizens weren't using crypto anyway.
DES is obsolete, and the NSA can't break the new ciphers which are
going to replace it. So we have to build in the wiretaps up front.
The NSA built an encryption chip with a built-in wiretap.
The government will keep the keys and use them to wiretap people.
But only when it's legal. We promise. Trust us.
To make sure we can still wiretap you, this is what we are going to do:
All telephone companies will be coerced into using the Clipper chip.
Those who do not will be harassed, denied government contracts, and
forbidden to export their products. If this doesn't work, we might
have to resort to more forceful tactics.
We will tell them their phones might be tapped, but not when.
We will give them the chips, as long as they use them the way we
tell them to use them. But we won't tell them how the chips work.
Companies are free to design their own encryption systems, as long
as they have wiretaps built into them.
The Attorney General shall make sure keys are available when we want
to wiretap people.
The escrow keys shall be released to any agency which comes up with a
credible excuse to request them.
The Attorney General shall make sure there are no legal loopholes which
might allow someone to invalidate evidence from a Clipper wiretap.
The government will start buying lots of Clipper chips immediately to
make sure there is a market for them. We need to get this off the ground
before any opposition or alternatives arise.
The Attorney General will make sure plenty of LEAF decoders are available
to wiretap people, and the cops will use Clipper chips so people with scanners can't listen in on them. This will also create a bigger market for Clipper chips.
The Attorney General will use money stolen from alleged criminals to
buy Clipper chips and wiretapping devices. The more phones we tap, the
more criminals we catch, the more property we seize, the more money we
have for law enforcement to tap more phones...

@_date: 1994-02-20 12:56:58
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Remailer killing subject line 
why do some remailers (e.g. anonymous at extropia.wimsey.com) kill the
subject line of a message? It would be very usefull to remail the
subject line also.

@_date: 1994-02-20 14:57:00
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: REMAIL: down (sortof) remailers 
Or he found the remailers and is handing over full logs to the FBI
on a regular basis.

@_date: 1994-02-23 01:53:07
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Millions Said Paid to CIA Spy 
AP 02/23 00:31 EST
Millions Said Paid To CIA Spy
Copyright 1994. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
   WASHINGTON (AP) -- The KGB develops a mole in the top ranks of the
CIA, state secrets are spilled, double agents are fingered, million-
dollar payoffs are made, and FBI agents skulk through a suspect's
household trash to find clues.
   And that's just the opening chapter in one of the biggest espionage
cases in CIA history.
   The Justice Department on Tuesday charged Aldrich Hazen Ames and
his wife, Rosario, with conspiracy to commit espionage. Ames, a 31-
year CIA veteran and former senior Soviet counterintelligence officer,
is accused of selling U.S. national security secrets to Moscow for
eight years starting in 1985.    A federal magistrate ordered the Ameses held without bail until a
hearing on Friday. If convicted on the conspiracy charge, they could
face life in prison. Neither of them spoke to reporters when they left
the magistrate's office.    President Clinton called the case a "very serious" breach of U.S.
national security.    Sources familiar with Ames' CIA career said he compromised more
than one Soviet double agent, including a KGB counterintelligence
investigations officer -- code named GTPROLOGUE -- who was feeding
information to the CIA.    Ames had access to vast amounts of classified information at the
CIA. And because during at least part of his long CIA career he
specialized in recruiting Soviet officials and intelligence officers
as spies, he would have been able to disclose to the Soviets the
identities of CIA agents inside the Soviet Union.    The Justice Department wrote in an affidavit released Tuesday that
Ames, 52, began spying for the Soviets in 1985 at a time when he was
the chief of the Soviet Counterintelligence Branch in the CIA's
Soviet-East European Division. He is accused of continuing his
espionage until his arrest on Monday.    Ames' wife, Rosario, 41, is a part-time student at Georgetown
University. The affidavit said she was a paid informant for the CIA
from about April-December 1983 while serving as a cultural attache in
Mexico City. Ames met her while working for the CIA in Mexico City
from 1981-83. They were married in 1985. They have a young son.    William Rhoads, who lives across the street from the Ames home in a
well-to-do section of suburban Arlington, Va., told reporters Tuesday
that they seemed an unexceptional couple who appeared to have income
beyond Ames' government job.    Indeed, the Ameses spent money at an extraordinary clip, yet they
apparently raised few if any suspicions by paying cash for the
$540,000 Arlington home in 1989 when he was transferred to Washington
from a CIA post in Rome.    His CIA job paid $69,000 a year.    Court documents said they also spent $99,000 on improvements to the
house through July 1993 and $7,000 on furniture in the first four
months they owned the house.    They also spent $25,000 toward the purchase of a Jaguar automobile
in January 1992, $19,500 on a new 1989 Honda, $165,000 on stocks and
securities from 1985-93, and put an average of more than $500 a month
on credit cards over that eight-year period.    The court documents also said that from 1986 through 1993, the
Ameses transferred by wire -- mostly from Credit Suisse bank accounts
in Switzerland -- more than $1 million to their Dominion Bank of
Virginia accounts. They deposited an additional $487,100 in cash in
various local accounts from 1985-93.    "This investigation has determined that none of this $1,538,685,
consisting of the wire and cash deposits, was derived from any salary
checks of the CIA payable to Aldrich Ames," the affidavit said.    The couple also own two condominium apartments and a farm in
Colombia, the records said, and large sums of money were sent to
Colombia by Ames to maintain those holdings.    The Colombia connection figures prominently in the Ames case.
Besides the fact that Rosario Ames was born in Colombia and was
working in the Colombian Embassy when she met Aldrich Ames, he also
apparently met Soviet contacts there at least once.    The affidavit said U.S. investigators believe Ames received a cash
payment from the Russian foreign intelligence service during a meeting
in Bogota in November 1993.

@_date: 1994-02-23 22:44:45
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Supreme Court on Anonymity 
- From today's (February 23) New York Times (quoted without permission):
By Linda Greenhouse
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22: The Supreme Court agreed today to decide whether states can ban the distribution of anonymous campaign literature.
   The case is an appeal by an Ohio woman who was fined under the state's election law for distributing leaflets, signed only by "concerned parents and taxpayers," urging the defeat of a local tax referendum. At stake is the constitutional balance between the free speech rights protected under the First Amendment and a state's interest in guarding against election    Half of the states, including Connecticut and New Jersey, have laws similar to Ohio's. While the Supreme court has never discussed anonymous leaflets in the context of election laws, it did rule in 1960 that the organizers of a consumer boycott directed at racially biased mechants could not be required to identify themselves on their literature. Historically, persecuted or unpopular groups have "been able to criticized oppressive practices and laws either anonymously or not at all," the court said in that decision, Talley v. California.
   On the other hand, the Court has granted the states more latitude to restrict speech as part of election regulations, recently upholding bans on write-in voting and on electioneering near polling places. The Ohio Supreme Court, in ruling last year to uphold the ban on anonymous leaflets, said the state law was consistent with the Supreme Court's view that speech could be limited to deter voter fraud.
   Interesting, eh?
faust's dog

@_date: 1994-02-26 16:42:50
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Security of andrew.cmu.edu anon-server? 
What kind of encryption is the anonymous contact system at andrew using?
 I think someone said that it used a home-brew cipher.  How secure might
such a system be against cryptanalysis (or just brute force key
searches?)  Or has it been changed to use something like DES or IDEA? (In the former case, DES, it might not be completely secure, unless you
used 3DES or something.)   If someone could break the code, they could
find out _EVERYONE'S_ mail address that ever posted using an anon
address from that remailer...

@_date: 1994-01-23 00:06:30
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
ALL THE EFFORTS SEEMS FINALLY TO GET THE TENTACLE LD's ATTENTION...
KEEP IT UP CYPHERPUNKS!!!... ANARCHY IS WINNING...
     LOVE
     MEDUSA
P.S. TO LD...
THE FOLLOWING SHOULD REALLY TURN YOU ON...
finger ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu
Login name: ld231782                    In real life: L. Detweiler
Office:                         Home phone: 498-8278
Directory: /users/UNGRAD/ES/ld231782    Shell: /bin/tcsh
Most recent logins:
        dolores      Fri Jan 21 16:16
        keller       Sat Jan 22 16:09
Never logged in.
No Plan.
JUST DOING SOME RESEARCH VIA NIC WE FIND THAT THE MACHINE
Non-authoritative answer:
Name:    longs.lance.colostate.edu
Address:  129.82.109.16
longs.lance.colostate.edu       preference = 0, mail exchanger = longs.lance.col
longs.lance.colostate.edu       preference = 10, mail exchanger = yuma.acns.colo
longs.lance.colostate.edu       internet address = 129.82.109.16
yuma.acns.colostate.edu internet address = 129.82.100.64
acns.colostate.EDU      nameserver = yuma.acns.ColoState.EDU
acns.colostate.EDU      nameserver = lamar.ColoState.EDU
yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU internet address = 129.82.100.64
lamar.ColoState.EDU     internet address = 129.82.103.75
lamar.ColoState.EDU     preference = 10, mail exchanger = lamar.ColoState.EDU
lamar.ColoState.EDU     preference = 20, mail exchanger = yuma.ACNS.ColoState.ED
lamar.ColoState.EDU     internet address = 129.82.103.75
yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU internet address = 129.82.100.64
and a traceroute to LDs favorite posting machine
the return times indicate that my end is a 9.6 ppp connection 2 hops away
from 4. Note also I didnt query intervening routers and hosts for
Upstream hosts and/or routers may also be compromisable...
 4  cix-west2.cix.net (149.20.3.3)  310 ms  260 ms  290 ms
 5  ans.cix.net (149.20.5.2)  280 ms  280 ms  280 ms
 6  en-0.San-Francisco-cnss11.t3.ans.net (192.103.60.5)  270 ms  290 ms  270 ms
 7  mf-0.San-Francisco-cnss8.t3.ans.net (140.222.8.222)  280 ms  320 ms  290 ms
 8  t3-1.Seattle-cnss88.t3.ans.net (140.222.88.2)  300 ms  290 ms  300 ms
 9  t3-0.Denver-cnss96.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.1)  310 ms  300 ms  310 ms
10  mf-0.Denver-cnss97.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.193)  310 ms  290 ms  310 ms
11  t3-0.enss141.t3.ans.net (140.222.141.1)  300 ms  300 ms  310 ms
12  cu-gw.ucar.edu (192.52.106.4)  300 ms  410 ms  310 ms
13  ucb-ncar.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.46)  310 ms 129.19.248.62 (129.19.248.62
)  320 ms  330 ms
14  csu-ucb.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.102)  340 ms  320 ms  340 ms
15  csu-gw-2.UCC.ColoState.EDU (129.82.103.2)  310 ms  450 ms  310 ms
16  longs.lance.colostate.edu (129.82.109.16)  350 ms  330 ms  320 ms
WELL WHAT DOES THIS TELL US TECHNICALLY SO FAR... THERE
IS MOST LIKELY NO EFFECTIVE FIREWALL PROTECTION BETWEEN LD'S FAVORITE MACHINE
AND THE OUTSIDE WORLD AS TRACEROUTE USES UDP PROBES ON RANDOM PORTS.
NO INCOMING UDP BLOCKAGE GENERALLY INDICATES THE SECURITY
OF THAT MACHINE IS NOT DEPENDENT ON PROXY/PACKET FILTERING TYPE ROUTERS AND
 FIREWALLED DOMAINS
ADDITIONALLY A ISS LOG RUN VIA
iss -p 129.82.109.16
SHOWED THE FOLLOWING RESULTS :
  -->    Inet Sec Scanner Log By Christopher Klaus (C) 1993    <--
              Email: cklaus at hotsun.nersc.gov coup at gnu.ai.mit.edu
       ================================================================
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 11 opened. systat    udp/tcp    users
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 13 opened. daytime   udp/tcp Host 129.82.109.16, Port 17 opened. qotd      tcp        quote
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 21 opened. ftp       tcp          Host 129.82.109.16, Port 23 opened. telnet    tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 25 opened. smtp      tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 37 opened. time      udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 53 opened. domain    udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 79 opened. finger    tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 109 opened. pop-2      tcp Post Office Protocol
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 110 opened. pop-3 Host 129.82.109.16, Port 111 opened. sunrpc   udp/tcp JACKPOT!!!!!! Host 129.82.109.16, Port 119 opened. nntp     tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 210 opened. THIS ONE IS UNUSUAL? i shows closed by foreign host
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 512 opened. biff/exec udp/tcpf
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 513 opened. who/login  udp/ tcp Host 129.82.109.16, Port 514  ("shell" service) opened. syslog/shell  udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 515 opened. syslog/printer    udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 593 opened. refuses telnet(udp connection) research...
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 704 opened. accepts telnet connection(tcp) echos...
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1024 opened. accepts telnet connection(tcp)
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1025 opened. listener RFS remote_file_sharing
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1031 opened.
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1032 opened. tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1033 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1034 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1035 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1036 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 5599 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 6667 opened. not checked
THE SCAN WAS TERMINATED AT THIS POINT. IN THE ABOVE LIST
WE FIND SEVERAL GEMS THE BEST OF WHICH IS
SUNRPC   :)... so next of course
 rpcinfo -p longs.lance.colostate.edu
   program vers proto   port
    100004    2   udp   1029  ypserv
    100004    2   tcp   1024  ypserv
    100004    1   udp   1029  ypserv
    100004    1   tcp   1024  ypserv
    100007    2   tcp   1025  ypbind
    100007    2   udp   1038  ypbind
    100007    1   tcp   1025  ypbind
    100007    1   udp   1038  ypbind
    100005    1   udp   1071  mountd
    100005    1   tcp   1031  mountd
    100003    2   udp   2049  nfs
    100024    1   udp   1081  status
    100024    1   tcp   1032  status
    100008    1   udp   1087  walld
    100021    1   tcp   1033  nlockmgr
    100021    1   udp   1092  nlockmgr
    100021    3   tcp   1034  nlockmgr
    100021    3   udp   1096  nlockmgr
    100020    1   udp   1099  llockmgr
    100020    1   tcp   1035  llockmgr
    100021    2   tcp   1036  nlockmgr
    150001    1   udp   1127  pcnfsd
    300019    1   udp   1022
    200002    1   udp   1956
 WHETHER RUNNING REGULAR OR SECURE RPC (THE LATTER REQUIRES nfscrack
 TO CRACK THE SECRET EXPONENT) THIS MACHINE IS MOST LIKELY A SPARC OR
 COMPATIBLE RUNNING A GIVEN VERSION OF SUNOS 4.1.X(CHECK HINFO IF AVAILABL.)
 A CHECK SHOULD BE MADE TO SEE WHICH SUN NETWORK SECURITY PATCHES HAVE
BEEN APPLIED TO THIS HOST. A probe of longs.lance.colostate.edu smtp port :
longs.lance.colostate.edu Sendmail 8.6.4/8.6.4 (LANCE 1.00) ready at xxx,xx2
 xxx xxxx xx:xx:xx -xxxx
220 ESMTP spoken here
VRFY ld231782
250 L. Detweiler EXPN ld231782
502 That's none of your business
221 longs.lance.colostate.edu closing connection
OK SO FAR SO GOOD HIS MACHINE SHOWS A FAIRLY SECURE SMTP DAEMON.
EXAMINATION OF THAT REVISION AND SOURCE OF SENDMAIL IS
STILL UNDER QUESTION BECAUSE THE CURRENT VERSION 8.65 ADDS EVEN MORE SECURITY
PATCHES CHECKING FOR ANONYMOUS FTP WE FIND:
 Check for anonymous FTP service
connected to 129.82.109.16.
220 longs.lance.colostate.edu FTP server (Version 4.1 Sun Mar 25 22:59:11 EST 19
90) ready.
Name (129.82.109.16:root): anonymous
530 User anonymous unknown.
Login failed.
ftp> quit
500 'SYST': command not understood.
# ftp 129.82.109.16
Connected to 129.82.109.16.
220 longs.lance.colostate.edu FTP server (Version 4.1 Sun Mar 25 22:59:11 EST 19
90) ready.
Name (129.82.109.16:root): ftp
530 User ftp unknown.
Login failed.
ftp> quit
500 'SYST': command not understood.
DETWEILER YOU HAVE BEEN A HYPOCRITE, LIAR AND SCONDREL,
HOWEVER TO REMAIN PROPERLY SENSITIVE TO A NON COMPOS MENTIS
I WILL GIVE YOU A CHANCE TO APOLGIZE BEFORE I HAVE MY TENTACLES
FORM FOR THEIR NEXT ASSAULT. IF YOU DO NOT APOLOGIZE
YOU WILL REGRET THE RESULTS OF YOUR ACTIONS.
I AM NOT TOYING AROUND WITH YOU ANY FURTHER . WE ARE HAVING
TENTACLE WHO ARE INFORMATION BROKERS PASSING EVERYTHING WE KNOW ABOUT
YOU TO FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AND THE AGGRIEVED AND ABUSED PARTIES.
CEASE AND DESIST!
       LOVE
       MEDUSA
P.S. A ANONYMOUS REMAILER BLOCK TO SEND YOUR APOLOGY TO ME FOLLOWS
I MUST HAVE THAT APOLOGY IMMEDIATELY OR FURTHER ACTIONS WILL FOLLOW!
NO PRISONERS! APOLOGIZE AT ONCE!!!--------8<--cut here-->8--------
Encrypted: PGP
<To reply, save everything below the "cut here" marks above
<into another file.  Type your reply here (below the blank <line three lines above!) and mail to hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-01-23 00:28:24
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: anonymous mail 
ALL THE EFFORTS SEEMS FINALLY TO GET THE TENTACLE LD ATTENTION...
KEEP IT UP CYPHERPUNKS!!!... ANARCHY IS WINNING...
     LOVE
     MEDUSA
P.S. TO LD...
THE FOLLOWING SHOULD REALLY TURN YOU ON...
finger ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu
Login name: ld231782                    In real life: L. Detweiler
Office:                         Home phone: 498-8278
Directory: /users/UNGRAD/ES/ld231782    Shell: /bin/tcsh
Most recent logins:
        dolores      Fri Jan 21 16:16
        keller       Sat Jan 22 16:09
Never logged in.
No Plan.
JUST DOING SOME RESEARCH VIA NIC WE FIND THAT THE MACHINE
Non-authoritative answer:
Name:    longs.lance.colostate.edu
Address:  129.82.109.16
longs.lance.colostate.edu       preference = 0, mail exchanger = longs.lance.col
longs.lance.colostate.edu       preference = 10, mail exchanger = yuma.acns.colo
longs.lance.colostate.edu       internet address = 129.82.109.16
yuma.acns.colostate.edu internet address = 129.82.100.64
acns.colostate.EDU      nameserver = yuma.acns.ColoState.EDU
acns.colostate.EDU      nameserver = lamar.ColoState.EDU
yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU internet address = 129.82.100.64
lamar.ColoState.EDU     internet address = 129.82.103.75
lamar.ColoState.EDU     preference = 10, mail exchanger = lamar.ColoState.EDU
lamar.ColoState.EDU     preference = 20, mail exchanger = yuma.ACNS.ColoState.ED
lamar.ColoState.EDU     internet address = 129.82.103.75
yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU internet address = 129.82.100.64
and a traceroute to LDs favorite posting machine
the return times indicate that my end is a 9.6 ppp connection 2 hops away
from 4. Note also I didnt query intervening routers and hosts for
Upstream hosts and/or routers may also be compromisable...
 4  cix-west2.cix.net (149.20.3.3)  310 ms  260 ms  290 ms
 5  ans.cix.net (149.20.5.2)  280 ms  280 ms  280 ms
 6  en-0.San-Francisco-cnss11.t3.ans.net (192.103.60.5)  270 ms  290 ms  270 ms
 7  mf-0.San-Francisco-cnss8.t3.ans.net (140.222.8.222)  280 ms  320 ms  290 ms
 8  t3-1.Seattle-cnss88.t3.ans.net (140.222.88.2)  300 ms  290 ms  300 ms
 9  t3-0.Denver-cnss96.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.1)  310 ms  300 ms  310 ms
10  mf-0.Denver-cnss97.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.193)  310 ms  290 ms  310 ms
11  t3-0.enss141.t3.ans.net (140.222.141.1)  300 ms  300 ms  310 ms
12  cu-gw.ucar.edu (192.52.106.4)  300 ms  410 ms  310 ms
13  ucb-ncar.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.46)  310 ms 129.19.248.62 (129.19.248.62
)  320 ms  330 ms
14  csu-ucb.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.102)  340 ms  320 ms  340 ms
15  csu-gw-2.UCC.ColoState.EDU (129.82.103.2)  310 ms  450 ms  310 ms
16  longs.lance.colostate.edu (129.82.109.16)  350 ms  330 ms  320 ms
WELL WHAT DOES THIS TELL US TECHNICALLY SO FAR... THERE
IS MOST LIKELY NO EFFECTIVE FIREWALL PROTECTION BETWEEN LD'S FAVORITE MACHINE
AND THE OUTSIDE WORLD AS TRACEROUTE USES UDP PROBES ON RANDOM PORTS.
NO INCOMING UDP BLOCKAGE GENERALLY INDICATES THE SECURITY
OF THAT MACHINE IS NOT DEPENDENT ON PROXY/PACKET FILTERING TYPE ROUTERS AND
 FIREWALLED DOMAINS
ADDITIONALLY A ISS LOG RUN VIA
iss -p 129.82.109.16
SHOWED THE FOLLOWING RESULTS :
  -->    Inet Sec Scanner Log By Christopher Klaus (C) 1993    <--
              Email: cklaus at hotsun.nersc.gov coup at gnu.ai.mit.edu
       ================================================================
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 11 opened. systat    udp/tcp    users
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 13 opened. daytime   udp/tcp Host 129.82.109.16, Port 17 opened. qotd      tcp        quote
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 21 opened. ftp       tcp          Host 129.82.109.16, Port 23 opened. telnet    tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 25 opened. smtp      tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 37 opened. time      udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 53 opened. domain    udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 79 opened. finger    tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 109 opened. pop-2      tcp Post Office Protocol
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 110 opened. pop-3 Host 129.82.109.16, Port 111 opened. sunrpc   udp/tcp JACKPOT!!!!!! Host 129.82.109.16, Port 119 opened. nntp     tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 210 opened. THIS ONE IS UNUSUAL? i shows closed by foreign host
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 512 opened. biff/exec udp/tcpf
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 513 opened. who/login  udp/ tcp Host 129.82.109.16, Port 514  ("shell" service) opened. syslog/shell  udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 515 opened. syslog/printer    udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 593 opened. refuses telnet(udp connection) research...
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 704 opened. accepts telnet connection(tcp) echos...
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1024 opened. accepts telnet connection(tcp)
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1025 opened. listener RFS remote_file_sharing
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1031 opened.
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1032 opened. tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1033 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1034 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1035 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1036 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 5599 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 6667 opened. not checked
THE SCAN WAS TERMINATED AT THIS POINT. IN THE ABOVE LIST
WE FIND SEVERAL GEMS THE BEST OF WHICH IS
SUNRPC   :)... so next of course
 rpcinfo -p longs.lance.colostate.edu
   program vers proto   port
    100004    2   udp   1029  ypserv
    100004    2   tcp   1024  ypserv
    100004    1   udp   1029  ypserv
    100004    1   tcp   1024  ypserv
    100007    2   tcp   1025  ypbind
    100007    2   udp   1038  ypbind
    100007    1   tcp   1025  ypbind
    100007    1   udp   1038  ypbind
    100005    1   udp   1071  mountd
    100005    1   tcp   1031  mountd
    100003    2   udp   2049  nfs
    100024    1   udp   1081  status
    100024    1   tcp   1032  status
    100008    1   udp   1087  walld
    100021    1   tcp   1033  nlockmgr
    100021    1   udp   1092  nlockmgr
    100021    3   tcp   1034  nlockmgr
    100021    3   udp   1096  nlockmgr
    100020    1   udp   1099  llockmgr
    100020    1   tcp   1035  llockmgr
    100021    2   tcp   1036  nlockmgr
    150001    1   udp   1127  pcnfsd
    300019    1   udp   1022
    200002    1   udp   1956
 whether running regular or secure RPC(the latter requires nfscrack
to crack the secret exponent) this machine is most likely a sparc or compatible
running a given version of SUNOS 4.1.X?(check HINFO if available.)
 a check should be made to see which network security patchs
have been applied to this host.
A probe of longs.lance.colostate.edu smtp port :
longs.lance.colostate.edu Sendmail 8.6.4/8.6.4 (LANCE 1.00) ready at xxx,xx2
 xxx xxxx xx:xx:xx -xxxx
220 ESMTP spoken here
VRFY ld231782
250 L. Detweiler EXPN ld231782
502 That's none of your business
221 longs.lance.colostate.edu closing connection
OK SO FAR SO GOOD HIS MACHINE SHOWS A FAIRLY SECURE SMTP DAEMON.
EXAMINATION OF THAT REVISION AND SOURCE OF SENDMAIL IS
STILL UNDER QUESTION BECAUSE THE CURRENT VERSION 8.65 ADDS EVEN MORE SECURITY
PATCHES CHECKING FOR ANONYMOUS FTP WE FIND:
 Check for anonymous FTP service
connected to 129.82.109.16.
220 longs.lance.colostate.edu FTP server (Version 4.1 Sun Mar 25 22:59:11 EST 19
90) ready.
Name (129.82.109.16:root): anonymous
530 User anonymous unknown.
Login failed.
ftp> quit
500 'SYST': command not understood.
# ftp 129.82.109.16
Connected to 129.82.109.16.
220 longs.lance.colostate.edu FTP server (Version 4.1 Sun Mar 25 22:59:11 EST 19
90) ready.
Name (129.82.109.16:root): ftp
530 User ftp unknown.
Login failed.
ftp> quit
500 'SYST': command not understood.
DETWEILER YOU HAVE BEEN A HYPOCRITE, LIAR AND SCONDREL,
HOWEVER TO REMAIN PROPERLY SENSITIVE TO A NON COMPOS MENTIS
I WILL GIVE YOU A CHANCE TO APOLGIZE BEFORE I HAVE MY TENTACLES
FORM FOR THEIR NEXT ASSAULT. IF YOU DO NOT APLOGIZE
YOU WILL REGRET THE RESULTS OF YOUR ACTIONS.
I AM NOT TOYING AROUND WITH YOU ANY FURTHER . WE ARE HAVING
TENTACLE WHO ARE INFORMATION BROKERS PASSING EVERYTHING WE KNOW ABOUT
YOU TO FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AND THE AGGRIEVED AND ABUSED PARTIES.
CEASE AND DESIST!
       LOVE
       MEDUSA
P.S. A ANONYMOUS REMAILER BLOCK TO SEND YOUR APOLGY TO ME FOLLOWS
I MUST HAVE THAT APOLOGY IMMEDIATELY OR FURTHER ACTIONS WILL FOLLOW!
--------8<--cut here-->8--------
Encrypted: PGP
<To reply, save everything below the "cut here" marks above
<into another file.  Type your reply here (below the blank <line three lines above!) and mail to hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-01-23 00:30:07
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: anonymous mail 
ALL THE EFFORTS SEEMS FINALLY TO GET THE TENTACLE LD ATTENTION...
KEEP IT UP CYPHERPUNKS!!!... ANARCHY IS WINNING...
     LOVE
     MEDUSA
P.S. TO LD...
THE FOLLOWING SHOULD REALLY TURN YOU ON...
finger ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu
Login name: ld231782                    In real life: L. Detweiler
Office:                         Home phone: 498-8278
Directory: /users/UNGRAD/ES/ld231782    Shell: /bin/tcsh
Most recent logins:
        dolores      Fri Jan 21 16:16
        keller       Sat Jan 22 16:09
Never logged in.
No Plan.
JUST DOING SOME RESEARCH VIA NIC WE FIND THAT THE MACHINE
Non-authoritative answer:
Name:    longs.lance.colostate.edu
Address:  129.82.109.16
longs.lance.colostate.edu       preference = 0, mail exchanger = longs.lance.col
longs.lance.colostate.edu       preference = 10, mail exchanger = yuma.acns.colo
longs.lance.colostate.edu       internet address = 129.82.109.16
yuma.acns.colostate.edu internet address = 129.82.100.64
acns.colostate.EDU      nameserver = yuma.acns.ColoState.EDU
acns.colostate.EDU      nameserver = lamar.ColoState.EDU
yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU internet address = 129.82.100.64
lamar.ColoState.EDU     internet address = 129.82.103.75
lamar.ColoState.EDU     preference = 10, mail exchanger = lamar.ColoState.EDU
lamar.ColoState.EDU     preference = 20, mail exchanger = yuma.ACNS.ColoState.ED
lamar.ColoState.EDU     internet address = 129.82.103.75
yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU internet address = 129.82.100.64
and a traceroute to LDs favorite posting machine
the return times indicate that my end is a 9.6 ppp connection 2 hops away
from 4. Note also I didnt query intervening routers and hosts for
Upstream hosts and/or routers may also be compromisable...
 4  cix-west2.cix.net (149.20.3.3)  310 ms  260 ms  290 ms
 5  ans.cix.net (149.20.5.2)  280 ms  280 ms  280 ms
 6  en-0.San-Francisco-cnss11.t3.ans.net (192.103.60.5)  270 ms  290 ms  270 ms
 7  mf-0.San-Francisco-cnss8.t3.ans.net (140.222.8.222)  280 ms  320 ms  290 ms
 8  t3-1.Seattle-cnss88.t3.ans.net (140.222.88.2)  300 ms  290 ms  300 ms
 9  t3-0.Denver-cnss96.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.1)  310 ms  300 ms  310 ms
10  mf-0.Denver-cnss97.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.193)  310 ms  290 ms  310 ms
11  t3-0.enss141.t3.ans.net (140.222.141.1)  300 ms  300 ms  310 ms
12  cu-gw.ucar.edu (192.52.106.4)  300 ms  410 ms  310 ms
13  ucb-ncar.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.46)  310 ms 129.19.248.62 (129.19.248.62
)  320 ms  330 ms
14  csu-ucb.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.102)  340 ms  320 ms  340 ms
15  csu-gw-2.UCC.ColoState.EDU (129.82.103.2)  310 ms  450 ms  310 ms
16  longs.lance.colostate.edu (129.82.109.16)  350 ms  330 ms  320 ms
WELL WHAT DOES THIS TELL US TECHNICALLY SO FAR... THERE
IS MOST LIKELY NO EFFECTIVE FIREWALL PROTECTION BETWEEN LD'S FAVORITE MACHINE
AND THE OUTSIDE WORLD AS TRACEROUTE USES UDP PROBES ON RANDOM PORTS.
NO INCOMING UDP BLOCKAGE GENERALLY INDICATES THE SECURITY
OF THAT MACHINE IS NOT DEPENDENT ON PROXY/PACKET FILTERING TYPE ROUTERS AND
 FIREWALLED DOMAINS
ADDITIONALLY A ISS LOG RUN VIA
iss -p 129.82.109.16
SHOWED THE FOLLOWING RESULTS :
  -->    Inet Sec Scanner Log By Christopher Klaus (C) 1993    <--
              Email: cklaus at hotsun.nersc.gov coup at gnu.ai.mit.edu
       ================================================================
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 11 opened. systat    udp/tcp    users
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 13 opened. daytime   udp/tcp Host 129.82.109.16, Port 17 opened. qotd      tcp        quote
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 21 opened. ftp       tcp          Host 129.82.109.16, Port 23 opened. telnet    tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 25 opened. smtp      tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 37 opened. time      udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 53 opened. domain    udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 79 opened. finger    tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 109 opened. pop-2      tcp Post Office Protocol
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 110 opened. pop-3 Host 129.82.109.16, Port 111 opened. sunrpc   udp/tcp JACKPOT!!!!!! Host 129.82.109.16, Port 119 opened. nntp     tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 210 opened. THIS ONE IS UNUSUAL? i shows closed by foreign host
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 512 opened. biff/exec udp/tcpf
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 513 opened. who/login  udp/ tcp Host 129.82.109.16, Port 514  ("shell" service) opened. syslog/shell  udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 515 opened. syslog/printer    udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 593 opened. refuses telnet(udp connection) research...
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 704 opened. accepts telnet connection(tcp) echos...
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1024 opened. accepts telnet connection(tcp)
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1025 opened. listener RFS remote_file_sharing
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1031 opened.
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1032 opened. tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1033 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1034 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1035 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1036 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 5599 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 6667 opened. not checked
THE SCAN WAS TERMINATED AT THIS POINT. IN THE ABOVE LIST
WE FIND SEVERAL GEMS THE BEST OF WHICH IS
SUNRPC   :)... so next of course
 rpcinfo -p longs.lance.colostate.edu
   program vers proto   port
    100004    2   udp   1029  ypserv
    100004    2   tcp   1024  ypserv
    100004    1   udp   1029  ypserv
    100004    1   tcp   1024  ypserv
    100007    2   tcp   1025  ypbind
    100007    2   udp   1038  ypbind
    100007    1   tcp   1025  ypbind
    100007    1   udp   1038  ypbind
    100005    1   udp   1071  mountd
    100005    1   tcp   1031  mountd
    100003    2   udp   2049  nfs
    100024    1   udp   1081  status
    100024    1   tcp   1032  status
    100008    1   udp   1087  walld
    100021    1   tcp   1033  nlockmgr
    100021    1   udp   1092  nlockmgr
    100021    3   tcp   1034  nlockmgr
    100021    3   udp   1096  nlockmgr
    100020    1   udp   1099  llockmgr
    100020    1   tcp   1035  llockmgr
    100021    2   tcp   1036  nlockmgr
    150001    1   udp   1127  pcnfsd
    300019    1   udp   1022
    200002    1   udp   1956
 whether running regular or secure RPC(the latter requires nfscrack
to crack the secret exponent) this machine is most likely a sparc or compatible
running a given version of SUNOS 4.1.X?(check HINFO if available.)
 a check should be made to see which network security patchs
have been applied to this host.
A probe of longs.lance.colostate.edu smtp port :
longs.lance.colostate.edu Sendmail 8.6.4/8.6.4 (LANCE 1.00) ready at xxx,xx2
 xxx xxxx xx:xx:xx -xxxx
220 ESMTP spoken here
VRFY ld231782
250 L. Detweiler EXPN ld231782
502 That's none of your business
221 longs.lance.colostate.edu closing connection
OK SO FAR SO GOOD HIS MACHINE SHOWS A FAIRLY SECURE SMTP DAEMON.
EXAMINATION OF THAT REVISION AND SOURCE OF SENDMAIL IS
STILL UNDER QUESTION BECAUSE THE CURRENT VERSION 8.65 ADDS EVEN MORE SECURITY
PATCHES CHECKING FOR ANONYMOUS FTP WE FIND:
 Check for anonymous FTP service
connected to 129.82.109.16.
220 longs.lance.colostate.edu FTP server (Version 4.1 Sun Mar 25 22:59:11 EST 19
90) ready.
Name (129.82.109.16:root): anonymous
530 User anonymous unknown.
Login failed.
ftp> quit
500 'SYST': command not understood.
# ftp 129.82.109.16
Connected to 129.82.109.16.
220 longs.lance.colostate.edu FTP server (Version 4.1 Sun Mar 25 22:59:11 EST 19
90) ready.
Name (129.82.109.16:root): ftp
530 User ftp unknown.
Login failed.
ftp> quit
500 'SYST': command not understood.
DETWEILER YOU HAVE BEEN A HYPOCRITE, LIAR AND SCONDREL,
HOWEVER TO REMAIN PROPERLY SENSITIVE TO A NON COMPOS MENTIS
I WILL GIVE YOU A CHANCE TO APOLGIZE BEFORE I HAVE MY TENTACLES
FORM FOR THEIR NEXT ASSAULT. IF YOU DO NOT APLOGIZE
YOU WILL REGRET THE RESULTS OF YOUR ACTIONS.
I AM NOT TOYING AROUND WITH YOU ANY FURTHER . WE ARE HAVING
TENTACLE WHO ARE INFORMATION BROKERS PASSING EVERYTHING WE KNOW ABOUT
YOU TO FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AND THE AGGRIEVED AND ABUSED PARTIES.
CEASE AND DESIST!
       LOVE
       MEDUSA
P.S. A ANONYMOUS REMAILER BLOCK TO SEND YOUR APOLGY TO ME FOLLOWS
I MUST HAVE THAT APOLOGY IMMEDIATELY OR FURTHER ACTIONS WILL FOLLOW!
--------8<--cut here-->8--------
Encrypted: PGP
<To reply, save everything below the "cut here" marks above
<into another file.  Type your reply here (below the blank <line three lines above!) and mail to hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-01-23 00:36:29
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
BY THE WAY I AM STUPID AND I CAN ONLY SHOUT IN MONOTONE AND THAT IS WHY I TYPE IN ALL CAPS OK YEAH YEAH YEAH THIS IS GREAT I LOVE PORT 25
  -MEDUSA

@_date: 1994-01-23 05:56:31
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
To the WORM Detweiller
THE FOLLOWING SHOULD REALLY TURN YOU ON...
Escape character is '^]'.
220 ntupub.ntu.edu Sendmail 5.65/DEC-Ultrix/4.3 ready at Sun, 23 Jan 1994 02:01:
06 -0700
vrfy ld231782
550 ld231782... User Unknown
vrfy detweiler
550 detweiler... User Unknown
verify larry
500 Command unrecognized
vrfy larry
252  is an alias
expn larry
250 221 ntupub.ntu.edu closing connection
THIS SENDMAIL 5.65 IS POSSIBLY VUNERABLE TO THE SENDMAIL
HOLE RECENTLY FOUND AND A SCRIPT OF WHICH TO PENETRATE
WITH CAN BE FOUND IN THE bugtraq ARCHIVE.
Connection closed by foreign host.
# finger larry at ntuvax.ntu.edu
connect: Connection refused
 this is a somewhat paranoid host so we we look at it
 BUT netfind SEEKS ROTWEILER OUT
SYSTEM: ntupub.ntu.edu
        Login name: larry                       In real life: LArry Detweiller
        Directory: /users/NTU/larry             Shell: /bin/csh
        Last login Fri Jan 21 16:14 on tty02 from LARRY
        Project: What am I working on?
        No Plan.
 checking one of the upstream ips from this we find
Trying 192.52.106.4...
Connected to 192.52.106.4.
Escape character is '^]'.
  This is the cisco gateway at NCAR for Westnet.
  Configuration loaded from windom.UCAR.EDU:/tftpboot/ncar-gw-confg.
User Access Verification
Traceroute logs follow
 4  cix-west2.cix.net (149.20.3.3)  290 ms  300 ms  330 ms
 5  ans.cix.net (149.20.5.2)  320 ms  320 ms  310 ms
 6  en-0.San-Francisco-cnss11.t3.ans.net (192.103.60.5)  310 ms  320 ms  330 ms
 7  mf-0.San-Francisco-cnss8.t3.ans.net (140.222.8.222)  310 ms  310 ms  320 ms
 8  t3-1.Seattle-cnss88.t3.ans.net (140.222.88.2)  330 ms  290 ms  320 ms
 9  t3-0.Denver-cnss96.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.1)  340 ms  320 ms  330 ms
10  mf-0.Denver-cnss97.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.193)  330 ms  300 ms  320 ms
11  t3-0.enss141.t3.ans.net (140.222.141.1)  330 ms  330 ms  320 ms
12  cu-gw.ucar.edu (192.52.106.4)  320 ms  310 ms  330 ms
13  ucb-ncar.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.46)  320 ms  310 ms cu2-ncar2.CO.westnet.net (129.19.248.62)  370 ms
14  csu-ucb.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.102)  320 ms  310 ms  330 ms
15  csu-gw-2.UCC.ColoState.EDU (129.82.103.2)  320 ms  310 ms  330 ms
16  middle.lance.colostate.edu (129.82.109.2)  320 ms  330 ms  330 ms
17  dolores.lance.colostate.edu (129.82.112.18)  330 ms  330 ms  300 ms
 4  cix-west2.cix.net (149.20.3.3)  310 ms  310 ms  310 ms
 5  ans.cix.net (149.20.5.2)  310 ms  300 ms  300 ms
 6  en-0.San-Francisco-cnss11.t3.ans.net (192.103.60.5)  310 ms  320 ms  390 ms
 7  mf-0.San-Francisco-cnss8.t3.ans.net (140.222.8.222)  300 ms  300 ms  310 ms
 8  t3-1.Seattle-cnss88.t3.ans.net (140.222.88.2)  320 ms  310 ms  310 ms
 9  t3-0.Denver-cnss96.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.1)  320 ms  340 ms  330 ms
10  mf-0.Denver-cnss97.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.193)  350 ms  300 ms  310 ms
11  t3-0.enss141.t3.ans.net (140.222.141.1)  320 ms  320 ms  310 ms
12  cu-gw.ucar.edu (192.52.106.4)  330 ms  310 ms  310 ms
13  cu2-ncar2.CO.westnet.net (129.19.248.62)  340 ms ucb-ncar.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.46)  320 ms  300 ms
14  csu-ucb.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.102)  320 ms  330 ms  320 ms
15  csu-gw-2.UCC.ColoState.EDU (129.82.103.2)  320 ms  330 ms  330 ms
16  middle.lance.colostate.edu (129.82.109.2)  340 ms  310 ms  420 ms
17  keller.lance.colostate.edu (129.82.112.41)  320 ms  330 ms  330 ms
 4  cix-west2.cix.net (149.20.3.3)  310 ms  330 ms  350 ms
 5  ans.cix.net (149.20.5.2)  340 ms  340 ms  330 ms
 6  en-0.San-Francisco-cnss11.t3.ans.net (192.103.60.5)  330 ms  300 ms  280 ms
 7  mf-0.San-Francisco-cnss8.t3.ans.net (140.222.8.222)  340 ms  300 ms  280 ms
 8  t3-1.Seattle-cnss88.t3.ans.net (140.222.88.2)  340 ms  290 ms  350 ms
 9  t3-0.Denver-cnss96.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.1)  330 ms  320 ms  310 ms
10  mf-0.Denver-cnss97.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.193)  350 ms  320 ms  330 ms
11  t3-0.enss141.t3.ans.net (140.222.141.1)  340 ms  340 ms  310 ms
12  cu-gw.ucar.edu (192.52.106.4)  330 ms  320 ms  300 ms
13  cu2-ncar2.CO.westnet.net (129.19.248.62)  350 ms  320 ms  320 ms
14  csu-ucb.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.102)  330 ms  320 ms  320 ms
15  ntu-csu.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.82)  360 ms  330 ms  330 ms
16  192.65.141.15 (192.65.141.15)  350 ms  340 ms  350 ms
JUST DOING SOME RESEARCH VIA NIC WE FIND THAT THE MACHINE
Non-authoritative answer:
Name:    longs.lance.colostate.edu
Address:  129.82.109.16
longs.lance.colostate.edu       preference = 0, mail exchanger = longs.lance.col
longs.lance.colostate.edu       preference = 10, mail exchanger = yuma.acns.colo
longs.lance.colostate.edu       internet address = 129.82.109.16
yuma.acns.colostate.edu internet address = 129.82.100.64
acns.colostate.EDU      nameserver = yuma.acns.ColoState.EDU
acns.colostate.EDU      nameserver = lamar.ColoState.EDU
yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU internet address = 129.82.100.64
lamar.ColoState.EDU     internet address = 129.82.103.75
lamar.ColoState.EDU     preference = 10, mail exchanger = lamar.ColoState.EDU
lamar.ColoState.EDU     preference = 20, mail exchanger = yuma.ACNS.ColoState.ED
lamar.ColoState.EDU     internet address = 129.82.103.75
yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU internet address = 129.82.100.64
and a traceroute to LDs favorite posting machine
;; flags: qr rd ra ; Ques: 1, Ans: 1, Auth: 2, Addit: 2
;; QUESTIONS:
;;      dolores.lance.colostate.edu, type = A, class = IN
;; ANSWERS:
dolores.lance.colostate.edu.    86298   A       129.82.112.18
;; AUTHORITY RECORDS:
lance.colostate.EDU.    44453   NS      yuma.acns.ColoState.EDU.
lance.colostate.EDU.    44453   NS      lamar.ColoState.EDU.
;; ADDITIONAL RECORDS:
yuma.acns.ColoState.EDU.        160860  A       129.82.100.64
lamar.ColoState.EDU.    160860  A       129.82.103.75
;; Sent 1 pkts, answer found in time: 10 msec
;; MSG SIZE  sent: 45  rcvd: 166
 dig type=mx keller.lance.colostate.edu
; <<>> DiG 2.0 <<>> type=mx keller.lance.colostate.edu
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY , status: NOERROR, id: 6
;; flags: qr aa rd ra ; Ques: 1, Ans: 1, Auth: 0, Addit: 0
;; QUESTIONS:
;;      keller.lance.colostate.edu, type = A, class = IN
;; ANSWERS:
keller.lance.colostate.edu.     86400   A       129.82.112.41
;; Sent 1 pkts, answer found in time: 470 msec
;; MSG SIZE  sent: 44  rcvd: 60
from 4. Note also I didnt query intervening routers and hosts for
Upstream hosts and/or routers may also be compromisable...
 4  cix-west2.cix.net (149.20.3.3)  310 ms  260 ms  290 ms
 5  ans.cix.net (149.20.5.2)  280 ms  280 ms  280 ms
 6  en-0.San-Francisco-cnss11.t3.ans.net (192.103.60.5)  270 ms  290 ms  270 ms
 7  mf-0.San-Francisco-cnss8.t3.ans.net (140.222.8.222)  280 ms  320 ms  290 ms
 8  t3-1.Seattle-cnss88.t3.ans.net (140.222.88.2)  300 ms  290 ms  300 ms
 9  t3-0.Denver-cnss96.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.1)  310 ms  300 ms  310 ms
10  mf-0.Denver-cnss97.t3.ans.net (140.222.96.193)  310 ms  290 ms  310 ms
11  t3-0.enss141.t3.ans.net (140.222.141.1)  300 ms  300 ms  310 ms
12  cu-gw.ucar.edu (192.52.106.4)  300 ms  410 ms  310 ms
13  ucb-ncar.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.46)  310 ms 129.19.248.62 (129.19.248.62
)  320 ms  330 ms
14  csu-ucb.CO.westnet.net (129.19.254.102)  340 ms  320 ms  340 ms
15  csu-gw-2.UCC.ColoState.EDU (129.82.103.2)  310 ms  450 ms  310 ms
16  longs.lance.colostate.edu (129.82.109.16)  350 ms  330 ms  320 ms
WELL WHAT DOES THIS TELL US TECHNICALLY SO FAR... THERE
IS MOST LIKELY NO EFFECTIVE FIREWALL PROTECTION BETWEEN LD'S FAVORITE MACHINE
AND THE OUTSIDE WORLD AS TRACEROUTE USES UDP PROBES ON RANDOM PORTS.
NO INCOMING UDP BLOCKAGE GENERALLY INDICATES THE SECURITY
OF THAT MACHINE IS NOT DEPENDENT ON PROXY/PACKET FILTERING TYPE ROUTERS AND
 FIREWALLED DOMAINS
ADDITIONALLY A ISS LOG RUN VIA
iss -p 129.82.109.16
SHOWED THE FOLLOWING RESULTS :
  -->    Inet Sec Scanner Log By Christopher Klaus (C) 1993    <--
              Email: cklaus at hotsun.nersc.gov coup at gnu.ai.mit.edu
       ================================================================
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 11 opened. systat    udp/tcp    users
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 13 opened. daytime   udp/tcp Host 129.82.109.16, Port 17 opened. qotd      tcp        quote
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 21 opened. ftp       tcp          Host 129.82.109.16, Port 23 opened. telnet    tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 25 opened. smtp      tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 37 opened. time      udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 53 opened. domain    udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 79 opened. finger    tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 109 opened. pop-2      tcp Post Office Protocol
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 110 opened. pop-3 Host 129.82.109.16, Port 111 opened. sunrpc   udp/tcp JACKPOT!!!!!! Host 129.82.109.16, Port 119 opened. nntp     tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 210 opened. THIS ONE IS UNUSUAL? i shows closed by foreign host
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 512 opened. biff/exec udp/tcpf
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 513 opened. who/login  udp/ tcp Host 129.82.109.16, Port 514  ("shell" service) opened. syslog/shell  udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 515 opened. syslog/printer    udp/tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 593 opened. refuses telnet(udp connection) research...
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 704 opened. accepts telnet connection(tcp) echos...
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1024 opened. accepts telnet connection(tcp)
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1025 opened. listener RFS remote_file_sharing
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1031 opened.
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1032 opened. tcp
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1033 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1034 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1035 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 1036 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 5599 opened. not checked
Host 129.82.109.16, Port 6667 opened. not checked
THE SCAN WAS TERMINATED AT THIS POINT. IN THE ABOVE LIST
WE FIND SEVERAL GEMS THE BEST OF WHICH IS
SUNRPC   :)... so next of course
 rpcinfo -p longs.lance.colostate.edu
   program vers proto   port
    100004    2   udp   1029  ypserv
    100004    2   tcp   1024  ypserv
    100004    1   udp   1029  ypserv
    100004    1   tcp   1024  ypserv
    100007    2   tcp   1025  ypbind
    100007    2   udp   1038  ypbind
    100007    1   tcp   1025  ypbind
    100007    1   udp   1038  ypbind
    100005    1   udp   1071  mountd
    100005    1   tcp   1031  mountd
    100003    2   udp   2049  nfs
    100024    1   udp   1081  status
    100024    1   tcp   1032  status
    100008    1   udp   1087  walld
    100021    1   tcp   1033  nlockmgr
    100021    1   udp   1092  nlockmgr
    100021    3   tcp   1034  nlockmgr
    100021    3   udp   1096  nlockmgr
    100020    1   udp   1099  llockmgr
    100020    1   tcp   1035  llockmgr
    100021    2   tcp   1036  nlockmgr
    150001    1   udp   1127  pcnfsd
    300019    1   udp   1022
    200002    1   udp   1956
 whether running regular or secure RPC(the latter requires nfscrack
to crack the secret exponent) this machine is most likely a sparc or compatible
running a given version of SUNOS 4.1.X?(check HINFO if available.)
 a check should be made to see which network security patchs
have been applied to this host.
A probe of longs.lance.colostate.edu smtp port :
longs.lance.colostate.edu Sendmail 8.6.4/8.6.4 (LANCE 1.00) ready at xxx,xx2
 xxx xxxx xx:xx:xx -xxxx
220 ESMTP spoken here
VRFY ld231782
250 L. Detweiler EXPN ld231782
502 That's none of your business
221 longs.lance.colostate.edu closing connection
OK SO FAR SO GOOD HIS MACHINE SHOWS A FAIRLY SECURE SMTP DAEMON.
EXAMINATION OF THAT REVISION AND SOURCE OF SENDMAIL IS
STILL UNDER QUESTION BECAUSE THE CURRENT VERSION 8.65 ADDS EVEN MORE SECURITY
PATCHES CHECKING FOR ANONYMOUS FTP WE FIND:
 Check for anonymous FTP service
connected to 129.82.109.16.
220 longs.lance.colostate.edu FTP server (Version 4.1 Sun Mar 25 22:59:11 EST 19
90) ready.
Name (129.82.109.16:root): anonymous
530 User anonymous unknown.
Login failed.
ftp> quit
500 'SYST': command not understood.
# ftp 129.82.109.16
Connected to 129.82.109.16.
220 longs.lance.colostate.edu FTP server (Version 4.1 Sun Mar 25 22:59:11 EST 19
90) ready.
Name (129.82.109.16:root): ftp
530 User ftp unknown.
Login failed.
ftp> quit
  -->    Inet Sec Scanner Log By Christopher Klaus (C) 1993    <--
              Email: cklaus at hotsun.nersc.gov coup at gnu.ai.mit.edu
       ================================================================
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 11 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 13 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 17 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 21 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 23 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 79 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 111 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 119 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 512 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 513 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 514  ("shell" service) opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 515 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 593 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 704 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1041 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1045 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1046 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1047 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1048 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1049 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1999 opened.
Host dolores.lance.colostate.edu, Port 6000 opened.
Ooohhh this is a bad one Xwindows is in ALL likelihood
an OPEN DOOR...WE FIND THE SAME FOR keller.lance.colostate.edu
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 11 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 13 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 17 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 21 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 23 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 79 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 111 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 119 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 512 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 513 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 514  ("shell" service) opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 515 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 593 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 704 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1024 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1025 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1026 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1027 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1028 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1029 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 1034 opened.
Host keller.lance.colostate.edu, Port 6000 opened.
 rpcinfo -p keller.lance.colostate.edu
   program vers proto   port
    100007    2   tcp   1024  ypbind
    100007    2   udp   1031  ypbind
    100007    1   tcp   1024  ypbind
    100007    1   udp   1031  ypbind
    100008    1   udp   1041  walld
    100024    1   udp   1045  status
    100024    1   tcp   1025  status
    100021    1   tcp   1026  nlockmgr
    100021    1   udp   1050  nlockmgr
    100021    3   tcp   1027  nlockmgr
    100021    3   udp   1054  nlockmgr
    100020    1   udp   1057  llockmgr
    100020    1   tcp   1028  llockmgr
    100021    2   tcp   1029  nlockmgr
    300019    1   udp   1023
 rpcinfo -p dolores.lance.colostate.edu
   program vers proto   port
    100007    2   tcp   1041  ypbind
    100007    2   udp   1050  ypbind
    100007    1   tcp   1041  ypbind
    100007    1   udp   1050  ypbind
    100008    1   udp   1067  walld
    100024    1   udp   1071  status
    100024    1   tcp   1045  status
    100021    1   tcp   1046  nlockmgr
    100021    1   udp   1076  nlockmgr
    100021    3   tcp   1047  nlockmgr
    100021    3   udp   1080  nlockmgr
    100020    1   udp   1083  llockmgr
    100020    1   tcp   1048  llockmgr
    100021    2   tcp   1049  nlockmgr
    300019    1   udp   1104

@_date: 1994-01-24 18:16:44
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hi Perry,
no matter... oh and I am just a (he/she/it) for hire to obtain certain
technical info for a Blacknet subscriber... I am told that this is the public
pseudonym(Sam Hill) used for individuals like myself to protect our privacy
while under contract to BlackNet
         Regards

@_date: 1994-01-25 23:56:55
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Randomness of a bit string 
I remember one of those MENSA-type tests where your were supposed to
find the pattern in a set of numbers.  One of the strings were the
stops of a NY City subway line!

@_date: 1994-01-28 08:07:56
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: REMAIL: Cover traffic 
(lots of neato diagrams...)
     Your diagrams do ignore the idea that the noise sources and bit-buckets can be the same addresses, so that real traffic between
the noise sources is completely masked. The value of this depends on the
number of noise sources.
     Not to put too fine a point on it, but what about the possibility of
unscrupulous remailer operators with incomplete knowledge? You want to
be protected on that all-important first hop. My guess is that most
messages sent thru remailers end up *posted* someplace, like here or
Usenet (or every mailing list in the country :). With low traffic volumes,
a mailer operator can see a rant show up on CPs, check his mail logs, and
say "hmm,  just used me for his first hop", and
actually have a reasonable probability that the two are connected.
     However, a bunch of people with gongs and whistles making noise in
the operator's ear will make this nearly impossible.
     Right! People who want more security will generate lots of noise. People
who don't use remailers at all can generate lots of noise. The bottom
line being that generating noise increases your security as an individual
a great deal and helps everybody else to boot.
In theory you're completely right Hal, but in practice I think there's
more to it.
faust's dog

@_date: 1994-01-28 17:28:19
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: sase script 
Someone posted something about SASE's and remailers.
Most of the hardcore remailer fans will undoubtably be bored by this,
but for the rest of us, this post contains a script that will cause
a text file called foo.txt to be sent back to me through a remailer
chain.  Just write your reply and save it in a text file called
foo.txt, save this post to a text file in the same directory,
and run unshar on the post.  (If you called the post sase.post, for
example, just say unshar -n sase.post.)  All of this assumes you use
unix, of course.
If you're going to send me something, a remailer list with PGP keys
would be nice.  I posted a request for such a list a day or so ago,
and didn't get any response at all.
And if you can't figure out how to make your own sase script, drop
me a line and I'll help you out.  Just make sure you give me a way
to get in touch with you.
Here's my public key if you want to encrypt your message to me.
I've used uuencode because the ascii-armour format native to PGP
chokes unshar.
begin 644 blank.pgp
M?0F-('XJ"0L[)7$+JNV8P%1!Q_0KVWH*LM2Q0G1E] sase.tmp
Encrypted: PGP
cat sase.tmp foo.txt | mail -s "" ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu
rm sase.tmp

@_date: 1994-01-29 21:52:45
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGP Toolkit 
PGP Tools Version 1.0 - The Crypto Construction Set
Brought To You By Pr0duct Cypher
Available by ftp from csn.org /mpj
What is PGP Tools?
PGP Tools is a set of functions which allows you to easily write PGP-
compatible encryption programs. It will make it easy to write graphical-
interface versions of PGP for Windows, Macintosh, X, and other GUIs, as
well as to integrate encryption into applications. A few possible
applications include point-and-click PGP, all-in-one secure mail programs,
newsreaders with digital signature capability, keyservers, digital cash
servers, and login authentication.
The toolkit allows you to do almost everything PGP does. The user interface
and program design are up to you. PGP Tools uses a system of dynamically-
allocated FIFO buffers for all operations. These FIFOs can exist either in
memory or on disk. Small amounts of data can be processed entirely in
memory, with no disk access or risky temporary files. It is easy to
manipulate PGP packets directly, if you need to construct anything not
already implemented.
The toolkit has functions to RSA encrypt and decrypt, sign and check
signatures, process plaintext and IDEA ciphertext, take MD5 hashes, perform
ZIP compression and decompression, create and extract ASCII armor, and
perform all types of key management. Keys can be generated, signatures
checked, and trust parameters updated, using simple function calls.
There is no console I/O built into the library, and all file I/O is
concentrated in fifo.c. In those cases where I/O is necessary, such as in
the keyring trust update, the user provides a function pointer. There was
a problem with stack space under DOS, so most of the functions were changed
to avoid storing large objects on the stack.
Most of the documentation is in the .h files. If you aren't sure how to use
a function, look at PTD or at the function code itself.
The mini-application PTDEMO is included as a demonstration and debugging
aid. It will encrypt, sign, decrypt, check signatures, display keyrings,
add keys to a keyring, and perform keyring maintenance. It also has the -x
option which displays a list of packets in any PGP-format file. You will
find this useful in debugging your programs. It is not a full PGP, but it
does attempt to test all the functions in the library. The coding in PTDEMO
is admittedly horrible. PTDEMO was not systematically written; it just grew
as needed to test the rest of the code.
FIFO contains the fifo system. PGPMEM has safemalloc(), and a hash table
for storing keys in memory. The crypto functions are in PGPTOOLS. Key
management, with the exception of the trust update, is in PGPKMGT. PGPKTRU
contains code to do a keyring trust update. PGPARMOR does ASCII armor,
PGPKGEN generates keys, and FIFOZIP performs compression.
How Does It Work?
Everything is done with FIFOs, which take the place of temporary files. You
access a fifo using a pointer (struct fifo *). You can create a fifo in
memory or on disk. Memory and disk fifos are similar with only a few
exceptions, and all the PGP functions work with either type transparently.
You create a memory fifo by calling fifo_mem_create, which returns a
pointer to a new, empty fifo. Then you can use fifo_put to put bytes into
the fifo, and fifo_get to read bytes out. Naturally, the first byte put in
is the first one read out. Fifo_aput and fifo_aget allow you to put or get
an array in one operation. Fifo_length will return the length of a fifo.
A fifo is represented in memory as a linked list of fixed size blocks. Each
fifo structure points to a first and last fifo_block structure. All fifos,
even empty ones, have at least one fifo_block and one fifo_data. Each
fifo_block structure points to a fifo_data structure, and to the next
fifo_block in the chain. Memory is automatically allocated as characters
are put into a fifo, and freed as characters are read out. This means that
in most cases there is only one copy of an object in memory. For example,
if you use pgp_create_idea to encrypt some data, the memory used by the
plaintext is being freed as the ciphertext is being created.
Fifo_copy is used to duplicate a fifo. It does not actually make a copy of
the data, except for the last fifo_data block. Instead, it creates new
fifo_blocks which point to the existing fifo_datas. The fifo_data structure
has a links field which keeps track of how many fifo_blocks point to it.
This is incremented when a fifo is copied and decremented when a fifo_block
is freed. When it goes to zero, the fifo_data is freed. Two fifos can
remain logically independent while sharing a common portion of memory.
Fifo_destroy is used to deallocate a fifo. Some functions (generally those
which are guaranteed to use up their input) do this automatically. Others
(those which may leave some data in the input) do not. Abandoning a fifo
without destroying it will cause a memory leak. Destroying or otherwise
accessing a fifo which does not exist will crash the system. A fifo is not
automatically destroyed when its length reaches zero. An empty fifo can
have more data put into it, if it has not been destroyed.
There are several more functions which work with fifos. Fifo_append adds
one fifo to the end of another, destroying the second one. Fifo_rget allows
you to "look ahead" non-destructively. Fifo_rput is used to update keyring
trust parameters on disk. If they are copies of a fifo, they will change
when fifo_rput is used. Do not use with memory fifos if there are copies.
Disk fifos are used to access files. You can create one with
fifo_file_create, by passing it a FILE pointer. Disk fifos behave much like
memory fifos, except that they access files. Fifo_get will read bytes
starting at the beginning of the file. Fifo_put will put bytes onto the
end. Fifo_length will return the length, equal to the size of the file
minus the number of bytes read. Fifo_copy makes a copy of the fifo. If you
need to use two copies of a disk fifo simultaneously, you should call
fifo_clearlac to reset the file pointers for each one, before using it and
after accessing the other one. Files should be opened with appropriate
modes for the use intended. Fifo_destroy gets rid of the fifo, but does not
close the file.
The fifo system provides a convenient and memory-efficient way to work with
PGP packets. Generally, to create (encrypt/sign) a PGP message, you take
the plaintext and build up the message from it. To extract, you check the
input fifo to see which type a packet is, and call the appropriate extract
function to recover the data.
Some of the key-management functions are high-level, such as checking all
the signatures on a key, merging a set of new keys with the keyring, and
updating the trust parameters for a keyring. Others allow the low-level
manipulation of keyrings. See PTDEMO for examples of their use. A good
description of the PGP file formats can be found in PGFORMAT.DOC in the PGP
source distribution.
Most of the extract functions do not perform error checking on the incoming
packets. Instead, there is a separate pgp_check_packets function which
checks a series of packets for proper format, version, length, etc. This
should be used on any input whose integrity is untrusted.
The random-number generator, pgp_randombyte, is initialized by an input
fifo which contains random data. This can be the plaintext file you are
encrypting, characters and timing from random keypresses, or anything else
which is random. This data is put into a buffer to create a seed. Random
numbers are generated by MD5ing the seed and a counter. The counter is
incremented after each MD5, and is initialized by time(). Pgp_randombyte
can be replaced by any good random number generator. The random number
source will depend on your application. The random generator must be
initialized before calling any function which uses it.
Memory allocation (except within the ZIP compression) goes through
safemalloc(), which calls out_of_memory() if it can't allocate. You should
put in your own out of memory handler, because the default one just prints
an error and exits. There is also an error bailout in the ZIP routines,
although I've never seen it happen. The ZIP functions need more cleaning
up to prevent these bailouts.
There are several more features I'd like to add. Some systems, such as
digital cash banks, will involve servers, possibly accessing thousands of
keys. The sequential PGP key is too slow for this. Servers could use a
separate hash file, taking the least significant bits of the key id as the
hash value. This file would provide pointers into the keyring for fast
access by keyid. Fast access by userid is hard, because userids are looked
up by substrings. If anyone knows of a file format which allows fast
substring searches, without a huge index, please let me know.
PTDEMO has been tested under DOS and Unix. Endian() is used for endian
swapping. On a big-endian machine, defining HIGHFIRST will define out
endian. This should work, but I don't have a big-endian machine to test it.
Some of this code, including the MPI library, the key generation, the ZIP
routines, and some of the ASCII-armoring functions, was written by others
for PGP, and they own that code. The parts I wrote (everything which isn't
in PGP) are not copyrighted and may be used for any purpose, commercial or
otherwise. I don't care how it is used, as long as it helps to make public-
key cryptography more readily available.
Unlike some people, I'm not out to get PKP. If they would sell, for a
reasonable price, a personal RSA license, I would buy one. This license
would allow you to use RSA yourself and to share source code for the use
of other licensed people, but not to sell commercial software without
royalties. If they would agree to allow free non-commercial use, I would
continue to write code, which would simplify commercial implementations.
This would make money for PKP in the long run.
The problem is that every available RSA implementation has strings
attached: you are forced to use DES or ask their specific permission to do
otherwise (RSAREF/RIPEM), to get keys or signatures from RSADSI, to buy a
new key after a mandatory expiration date (DSS), are not allowed to see the
source code to verify the security (ViaCrypt), etc. My interest is in
promoting the use of cryptography. If PKP makes a reasonable profit along
the way, that's okay with me.
I would like to ask PKP's permission up front to release this library, in
the hope of legitimizing PGP-compatible encryption. Unfortunately, the
present grey-area status of PGP, and the oppressive environment created by
the Phil Zimmermann investigations, prevent me from doing so.
I will read and possibly participate in any discussions of this library on
alt.security.pgp, so if you have any ideas, post them there. Any messages
from me will be signed with my key:
Type bits/keyID   Date       User ID
pub  1024/558A1D 1994/01/10  Pr0duct Cypher Key fingerprint =  9D AF 6D 4D 8E 64 43 FC  D5 CB 9C 7A 36 C7 6D B9

@_date: 1994-01-30 09:02:50
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Valium 
Just ftp nanotech.extropy.org  /pub/synthesis/drugs/valium
Load the software into your nanoassembler, and you can replicate all the
valium you want!!!

@_date: 1994-01-30 16:54:03
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers 
I have a question for all the 'punks who are running remailers.
I've noticed that most of you run the remailers from your accounts at
various colleges & universities.  I want to know what kinds of reactions
you got from the system administrators.  Did they ask lots of questions,
give you a hard time about it, or not care?  (or do they not know?)  Has
anyone been forced to shut down their remailer?  I know some guys got
hit with a lot of flack over some pgp keyservers, has anything similiar
happened with the remailer system?
Also, if I was to try running a remailer, would I need my own machine,
or is there some way I could get the school's computers to run the
remailer for me?  or does it vary by system?

@_date: 1994-07-01 18:53:52
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: MAIL: chained remailing strategy 
You're on, Hal.  Thanks for the work you put into that, and I'll see if I can whip up a program to produce a histogram ... well, at least in tabular form.  Thanks for the challenge...  In fact, if you want, I can send you the source code (in "C"), privately.
This mention of "DEATH TO BLACKNET" sounds intriguing.  Is this some sort of abusive/harassing message you're trying to track down?  With encrypted chaining available to hide the actual subject until the last link, it would seem that the sender is either naive, or else WANTS the Subject: line itself to send some sort of "statement".  (What is "BLACKNET", BTW?)
This brings up a related question, however.  How often, if at all, are you asked to help trace down the source of a message handled by your remailer?  Under what circumstances would you cooperate with such a request?
I've noticed that you have a 510 bit public key for your remailer.  Did you choose the shorter length to speed things up, or what?  I tend to use a remailer with a longer key as my FIRST link in the chain.  Maybe it's overkill, but why not?
And, finally, as a chained remailer user, I've read the periodic "status reports" by fingering "ghio at andrew.cmu.edu" and your remailer must certainly rank as one of the promptest and most reliable.  In fact, I think I'll include you *SOMEWHERE* on the chain for this reply...

@_date: 1994-07-02 14:50:32
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: SecureDrive for OS/2? 
Is there a version of SecureDrive, or something equivalent, that
will work with a FAT partition under OS/2?  I have SecureDrive running under DOS with no problem.  It also works with Windoze.  If I bring up a DOS box under OS/2, I can install it just fine, and it even validates my passphrase correctly.  Unfortunately, everything read from the encrypted partition is still garbled.
My theory is that OS/2 isn't using the same interrupts to do disk access, and the ones that SecureDrive hooks and intercepts.
Anyone got a solution that will work with OS/2?

@_date: 1994-07-02 15:09:16
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Clipper = Bobbitized Crypto 
Consistency with one's own philosophy, huh?  I dont see much of that in liberal politics, although maybe to be fair it should be applied to politics in general.  Let me cite some examples:
1.) Anti-gun politicians who would regulate away the average     citizen's right to self-defense with firearms, but only after     they are assured of Secret Service protection, or private     bodyguards for themselves.  IOW, a level of personal security     not affordable to their constituency.  Clipper is the     personal security equivalent of having to call 911 when     threatened and patiently wait for the police to show up to     protect you, vs. having a small army of Secret Service agents     on call 24 hours a day to spring into action to defend you.  2.) Politicians who accept campaign contributions from teachers'     unions, the National Education Association, etc., who vote     down any legislation designed to give the average citizen a     choice in their child's education, other than the entrenched     public school monopoly.  Yet, most of these same people put     their own kids in PRIVATE schools, financed from tax dollars     by the salaries that we pay them.
3.) Politicians who already employ strong crypto, unavailable to     the general public, who want to limit the rest of us to     "Clipper".
All three points apply directly to Clinton, but not exclusively to him, of course.
You know, there's just something about the name "Clipper" that conjures up pictures of Lorena Bobbitt...  Maybe that's what Clipper really is ... Bobbitized crypto... Anyway, back to your point, the average "liberal on the street" may indeed be stuck with Clipper.  And as long as Washington DC is dominated by a single party with a liberal bent, maybe they can convince the rest of their "fellow travellers" that "Big Brother loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life", and thus to accept Clipper and its host of problems.  But let liberals lose control of this country, and then watch them change their tune, when the Big Brother technology they put in place is now in the hands of "the other side".
Does anyone remember 20+ years ago when the roles were reversed?  It was the liberals who were protesting wiretaps, etc. by the Nixon administration?  Putting a liberal in the White House somehow "blesses" these same things?

@_date: 1994-07-03 09:20:22
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: ANI numbers 
^^^
I thought that ANI only was supposed to work on 800 numbers, the theory being that since the callEE was paying the toll, he was entitled to know who was calling.  So now we have to worry about ANI on non-800 numbers, too?
I noticed you changed the last digit from a "4" to a "6" so that the number now ends in "666".  Is this some sort of commentary on the "number from hell"?

@_date: 1994-07-03 09:20:37
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: FW: A third voice re: science and spirit 
Subj:   FW: A third voice re: science and spirit
         ^^^^^^
"Ingore"?  Is that anything like an "AlGore"?  Is that a verb to describe the state of the country, as in "we've just been

@_date: 1994-07-04 08:51:04
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
I have followed with interest this discussion of passphrase
"entropy".  What I'm not clear on is the effect of a hashing algorithm on the final entropy.  If I come up with a "random" set of printable characters which contain 128 bits of entropy, and feed them to MD5, let's say, will I still have 128 bits of entropy on the output?  Or do I need some sort of safety margin above 128 bits to "be sure"?
What's lurking in the back of my mind is this -- if you enter something with LESS than 128 bits, the hashing algorithm has to "pad" or otherwise fill in the missing bits from .  Now if I have entered a phrase with EXACTLY 128 bits of entropy, hypothetically, is that enough to have flushed the padding or whatever out of the pipeline?
Can we really treat MD5 as a "magic black box", or does the optimal input require a knowledge of how the box works?
    .

@_date: 1994-07-13 20:32:33
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGP bastardization 
[comments deleted]
My copy of PGP (v2.3a) came with the following notice:
[intervening material deleted]
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
What are your LEGAL grounds for attempting to retain "editorial control" over PGP, as commendable as your desire to maintain its integrity undoubtedly is?  The notice distributed with PGP itself seems to say otherwise -- only that modifications must also be freely distributable.  So why CC: your letter to what appears to be a legal firm?  Does the legal term "in terrorem" apply here?

@_date: 1994-07-14 22:39:24
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGP bastardization 
Isn't it ironic, though, that Phil Zimmerman was the victim of a similar accusation by PKP/RSA -- "pirating" code?  IMHO, that's also who the person who released this new version really needs to worry about.  If they modified PGP 2.3a code, then they're in the same boat as PRZ if they distribute it.  The GPL only covers PRZ's (and Colin Plumb's) code, not the RSA routines.  Also, I wonder whether the RSAREF license on 2.6 is valid for modified Geeez!  If it's just the name, then call this newest version "TAP" for "Totally Awesome Privacy", or something similar.  Just so the "look and feel" are the same.  Nothing would stop the end user from renaming it from TAP.EXE to PGP.EXE, of course... I can sympathize with PRZ in wanting to protect his "baby" from the hackings of "unwashed Philistines" or whatever, but had he taken that attitude regarding the original RSA code, PGP might never have come about.

@_date: 1994-07-19 14:03:49
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Kragen == LD? 
Isn't a "Kragen" a fictional sea beast, something like a giant squid or
octopus?  Something with tentacles?  And isn't Kragen's user name,
xentrac, close to an anagram for tentacle?  And isn't unm the University
of New Mexico, adjacent to Detweiler's home state of Colorado?  And here
Kragen is praising Sue D. Nym for having a "beautiful capacity to find
symbolism", when "her" posts seem to be random garbage?  And didn't all
of Kragen, Sue, and the various anonymous Detweiler posts all appear at
about the same time?  And hasn't Detweiler frequently discussed the use
of multiple pseudonyms to mutually support and praise each other in order
to build up an illusionary reputation?
Makes you wonder...

@_date: 1994-07-22 23:23:19
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: 900 Mhz. cordless phone with encryption 
Can anyone recommend a good 900 Mhz. cordless phone with some
sort of voice encryption or scrambling?  My most important objective is maximum range from the base unit, but I'd also like some privacy, too.  Thanks.

@_date: 1994-06-02 21:56:06
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Partition Encrypters for OS/2 
I've noticed a couple of TSRs and device drivers for DOS that
will encrypt an entire partition.  Does anyone know of one that will work for OS/2 2.1?  Thanks.

@_date: 1994-06-02 22:07:08
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Mailer questions 
I have a few questions about the Cypherpunk remailers that
hopefully someone can answer for me:
What is the maximum length of a "Request-Remailing-To:" header?  Can several of them be inserted for lengthy lists?  Regarding the "mail-to-Usenet" posting gateways, where you typically replace the dots in newsgroup names with hyphens, what about groups that have hyphens in their names?  Can the posting software tell the hyphens apart?
I understand that several of the headers can be changed by using a " token instead of "::".  Which ones can be changed and which ones can't?
Has anyone had any experience chaining from a Cypherpunk-style remailer to anon.penet.fi?  Can a "::" separator be used successfully, or which format will work?

@_date: 1994-06-04 22:38:51
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Bill Machrone's PC Magazine article 
"Privacy in the Digital Age"
Bill Machrone
PC Magazine June 14, 1994 page 87
Copyright 1994 Ziff-Davis, I'm sure, but don't let that stop you from forwarding to interested lists and newsgroups.
I'm a fairly conservative, law-and-order kind of guy.  I support my local
police.  I sometimes have trouble identifying with some of my more liberal
journalistic compatriots.  But suddenly, you and I (along with the rest of
the computer industry) are caught up in an issue of national importance
that transcends politics and gets down to constitutional issues and basic
freedoms.  The issues, however,are in danger of being clouded as the usual
suspects take sides and start shouting. The knee-jerk liberals have squared off against the knee-jerk
conservatives over the privacy and security of digital communications. The Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Computer Professionals for
Social Responsibility oppose the FBI and the Justice Department.  And
they're all quoting Al Gore.  Let's get beyond the labels, politics, and
allegiances and look at the facts. Here's the short form:  The Feds realized that with the advent of
widespread digital commmunications, their ability to monitor and tap
communications would be radically diminished or would take far more time
and money.  So they proposed that all future digital devices be equipped
with a high-security scrambling cip, called Clipper.  Crazy?  Like a fox. Every Clipper chip would have a serial number, which would give you access
to a key that would decrypt whatever data the chip had encoded.  The key
would be kep in two pieces in two different places, and only a court order
could bring them together.  Trouble is, nobody trusts the law enforcement
agencies to keep them apart.  Don't even wonder if the National Security
Agency will be monitoring digital conversations for its favorite trigger
words.  Furthermore, the pending legislation provides for fines up to
$10,000 a day against telecommunications companies who don't give the Feds
the access they want to decoded data streams. It doesn't end with telephones and data networks.  The Feds intend to have
Clipper technology on every fax machine, every cable TV box, every ATM,
every device capable of receiving and sending a digital data stream.  They
want to monitor the entire information network for "patterns of abuse and
criminal activity." Offering this capability in the form of a "security" chip that supposedly
protects our data is insulting and offensive.  The silly part of all this
is that it represents the classic case of locks keeping out the honest
people.  The sad part is that we don't trust law enforcement agencies,
however well-intentioned, not to abuse the power.  Even worse, we the
taxpayers are going to foot the bill (to the tune of half a billion
dollars) just to build the monitoring network.  We'll pay again in higher
product costs.  Nobody builds complex data-encryption chips for free. There is this little issue, however, of First Amendment rights.  When the
White House issued its briefing document on the Clipper announcement, it
averred that no U.S. citizen, "as a matter of right, is entitled to an
unbreakable commercial encryption product."  FBI director Louis J. Freeh
echoed this position in a _New York Times_ interview, in which he claimed
that the American people must be willing to give up a degree of personal
privacy in exchange for safety and security.  I find both statements
odious. Privacy is a nonissue for most of us.  People who want their
communications to be secure have always had the means to do so.  People
who don't need secure communications don't bother and don't care.  Also,
security is a pain in the neck.  The inherent hassles make us very choosy
about when we use it.  All the Clipper chip will do is waste our tax
money. There's no point in making everyone's transmissions and conversations
secure if a third party holds the key.  No criminal in his right mind
would depend on Clipper encoding when fully secure means are available. If the government manages to overthrow all logic and make Clipper a legal
requirement, those of us who want or need real security will be forced
into acts of civil disobediance.  For data, it's a piece of cake.  You can
find half a dozen shareware programs on ZiffNet that implement the
National Institute of Standards and Technology's Data Encryption Standard
(DES).  If you're one of the superparanoids who suspect that the NSA put a
trap door into DES--no one has ever found evidence of it--you can use PGP
(Pretty Good Privacy), a shareware program popular on the Internet, or
PC-IRIS, available on ZiffNet.  Both use a technique known as RSA to
encrypt your data, which is widely regarded as extremely difficult to
break.  RSA has the additional benefit of providing public-key encryption;
you publish a key that people use to encode messages to you, and then you
use a private key to decrypt the message.  DES is probably only viable for
another year or two before it becomes too easy to crack; RSA should be
secure for some time longer. Voice security is harder, but not much.  You either go to a spook shop and
pay a lot of money for a telephone scramber device or build your own.  The
latter option is not all that difficult, given the advent of DSP (digital
signal processing) chips.  All you need is the DSP, a couple of megs of
memory, and a few support chips.  Some of the DSP vendors have evaluation
kits that contain virtually everything you need, Basically, you digitize
your voice, take samples of the data, and perform calculations and
transformations on it.  You then turn the resulting data stream back into
sound and send it over the phone line.  For fun, you might send several
data streams at the same time but out of phase with one another, the way
modems do.  An identical piece of hardware on the other end performs the
operations in reverse order.  Suffice it to say, however, that if the NSA
types hear a scrambled conversation that they can't understand, they're
going to wonder what you've got to hide. We're not encouraging criminal behavior by pointing out cryptographic
resources.  The dummies won't read this and the smarties don't need to. The only people who will be adversely affected by Clipper are you and me.

@_date: 1994-06-07 19:04:04
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Can a registered crypto FTP account at RIPEM.MSU.EDU be accessed
via a USA-based FTP-by-mail server, assuming the correct account ID and password are used, and the FTPed file is destined for the original, USA-based email address?  Or will the use of the intermediate server cause the request to be rejected because the host ID does not match the original one specified when the account was opened?
If so, can PGP 2.6 be FTPed from another anonymous FTP site, either in the USA or abroad?  Thanks.

@_date: 1994-06-09 09:17:00
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
What sort of encryption is used for the Global Positioning System (GPS),
operating in the Precise Positioning Service (PPS) mode?  Is it one of the military "KY-xx/KG-xx" modes, or "something else"?

@_date: 1994-06-09 10:15:59
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: cripple quest 
re cripple; i was told that if law enforcement cannot determine which key
will unlock the message prior to the message actually being sent over the net, the message will not be decodable is there any truth to this?

@_date: 1994-06-09 23:54:14
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Remailer Chaining Security? 
What level of security is achieved by the practice of "chaining"
messages through various "anonymous remailers"?  Do these servers not keeps logs by which a post could be traced back through the chain to the source?  If there is a REAL level of security afforded, then the question arises "how much is enough"?

@_date: 1994-06-11 16:44:36
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
I just read an interesting product announcement:
 "The RF-5151DE digital encryption option is designed for all   RF-5000 FALCOM Series HF-SSB radio systems.  The module provides   an embedded voice-data encryption system which can be programmed   with up to six of 1 X 10^52 key codes.  The encryption algorithm   is driven by a pseudo-random key generator possessing a key   stream length requiring millions of years for recursion. [Harris   RF Communications Group, Rochester, NY, (716) 244-5830.]
This was in one of those military hardware magazines.  Does this sound like a piece of military gear?  Is this key length adequate for that?  If it were approved for the protection of classified information, which was never mentioned one way or the other, would a detail like the key length be allowed to be disclosed

@_date: 1994-06-12 00:14:16
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Encrypted Military Information Broadcasts 
"Commanders' Tactical Terminal/Hybrid-Receive Only" (CTT/H-R) manufactured
by E-Systems, I've heard of such things as:
    Tactical Information Broadcasting Service (TIBS)
    Tactical Reconnaissance Equipment and Related Applications (TRAP)
    Tactical Data Information Exchange System Broadcast (TADIXS-B)
    CONSTANT SOURCE
    SENIOR SPAN
It also mentions "embedded COMSEC modules based on CTIC and Ricebird
crypto chips".
Reading between the lines, it seems to be some sort of encrypted
information distribution system.  Is there an UNclassified (and brief)
description of the function and usage of each of these available
somewhere, hopefully that could be posted here?  Thanks.
My job situation is such that it wouldn't be prudent or me to ask these
questions openly, hence my use of an anon server.
PLEASE NOTE: This is not a solicitation of classified information.

@_date: 1994-06-12 23:50:38
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: cypherpunks list wiped out again... (duplicate) 
This may sound like a "dumb" question, but if the list was "wiped out", why did I receive this?

@_date: 1994-06-16 14:09:50
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Jus Curious 
Pardon me--
  So ViaCrypt sells PGP for $98.00 big ones huh, how much of that does Philip get??

@_date: 1994-06-17 09:36:33
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Self-Righteous, Self-Anointed Defenders of the Public Trust (fwd) 
I'm encouraged that you support their first amendment rights!  At Internet world in California a couple of weeks ago during a press conference with some Internet luminaries under the kleig lights of CNN and the McNeil/Leher report I saw first amendment issues tossed out the window - by the luminaries.
I don't intend to defend either of these individuals (other than their 1st amendment rights, Gordon can tell you himself how we get along like oil and water) but I think you are lumping two very different people together with two very different objectives.
Gordon's role is that of an investigative reporter, he ferrets out FACTS and then creates surmises as to the why's.  It you read his publications and messages it is pretty easy to differentiate the facts from the surmises.  This is appropriate.
Gordon reported a fact which IS interesting to many people - a "NewYork" NAP in NJ almost in PA very close to an infamous NSA facility.
Here is another one to add to his collection - in 1992 MFS bought a competive CAP in DC who's principal fiber plant connected many Federal facilities including all the hush hush ones.  This company had many security cleared staff and facilities.  These facilites are now merged with the commercial MFS facilities in a manner that is NOT known to the general public.
NSF has openly wiretapped the backbone of the NSFNet since day one and is quite proud of it.  There is a clear interest in the Federal Police Forces and the current administration to wiretap every communications device manufactured in the US, as the FBI's chief counsel, he's going to defend Americans through microchips.  The postal service is going to issue us all ID cards, and the FINCEN is all setup to take in all banking transactions in realtime, next step all electronic commercial financial transactions.
Historically both the NSA and the FBI have wiretapped outside of the warrant process and outside of the law and in the case of the NSA domestically which is both illegal and outside of their charter.  How does this all fit together?  Don't know, I'm just a dirt farmer from upstate NY, but Gordon's got a PHD so he'll continue to work on his surmises, and others will too.
Having the facts is a good thing, old Jefferson would have probably agreed.
One of the requirements that every Internet service provider should put on their NAP contract should be that the NAP provider will not wiretap, and will not aid or abet any wiretap knowingly outside of a federal warrant.  Many people have lied for their country so this is not by any means a sure test, but it is a right first step.
Since you questioned both of their motivations (personal grudges), let me question yours - are you owned in anyway by the US government or under their influence (even financially) to post your message binding those two very different people together?  Have your or do you hold a Security clearance.
Or maybe you hold a personal grudge against Gordon?
Undoubtedly the answer is no except for the security clearance, and you can always lie for your country.
It just seems strange that you would think that no one is interested in wiretapping issues in the current enviroment where the media talks about it weekly.  Sitting here in the PSI Tokyo office the Japan Times has articles on I know you don't live under a rock.

@_date: 1994-06-17 16:29:37
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Bumper Sticker 
I saw a bumper sticker:
I love my country
but fear my government.

@_date: 1994-06-18 22:19:08
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Chaining through Soda 
I dunno.  Has anyone succeeded in doing that?  I can't recall ever getting a chained and encrypted message posted through soda.  Messages sent there as plaintext seem to get posted just fine.  Could it be that:
1.) They wont post CHAINED Usenet bulletins, or;
2.) They are rejecting messages encrypted with PGP 2.3a rather     than 2.6.
Any success stories?

@_date: 1994-06-18 23:17:22
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Beware of Roman Catholic Corruption 
It looks like Ralph Stokes has finally learned about Internet and Usenet gateways and is now spreading his prenicious religious bigotry beyond the borders of Fido-land. (He spammed several Usenet newsgroups with this malicious diatribe, too)  Mr. Stokes is infamous for promulgating hatred and intolerance on certain religious echoes on Fidonet.  He is one of those rare breed of fanatics called "Ruckmanites" who follow the xenophobic rantings of an ultra-fundamentalist evangelist from Florida named Peter Ruckman.  They have come to be know, less affectionately, as "WRECKmanites" or "Ruckbots".
Stokes even dared to post his Fidonet/Internet addresses.  I wonder if he's prepared for the response to his worldwide "spam" post?  I guess he's about to learn!  If you'd care to protest his net.abuse, a polite letter to his sysop, net coordinator, and alternate net cooordinator would probably be in order.  The way Fidonet works, he'll be burning up their resources, too, so they should probably be made aware of your feelings.  Because of the topology of the fidonet.org domain, appropriate addresses for complaint, at your discretion, are as follows:
    His sysop:                      sysop at f1611.n375.z1.fidonet.org
    His Net coordinator:            sysop at f0.n375.z1.fidonet.org
    His alternate Net coordinator:  sysop at f1.n375.z1.fidonet.org
The operative expression on Fidonet, as concerns grounds for disciplining an abusive user, is "excessively annoying behavior".  You might wish to make mention of that phrase in any letters that you write.  In any event, reading his mail should "keep him off the streets" (or info super-highway) for awhile... :)

@_date: 1994-06-21 07:15:17
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Beware of Roman Catholic Corruption 
Ralph.Stokes at f1611.n375.z1.fidonet.org (Ralph Stokes) Spammed thusly:
                                                        ^^^^^^
Intersting word, "spewed".  It's a synonym for "vomited".  If you'd get your head out of your ass and out of the 17th century, you'd realize that the slang expression "to Ralph" also refers to vomiting.  And that's exactly what you've done all over the Internet, RALPH!
--- piss-ass stuff deleted ---
                                                   ^^^^
Like any fire, it would require STOKing, would it not?  Gee, you were sort of appropriately named, weren't you?  When somebody asks what your job is
in Hell, it can be said Ralph stokes.
--- more ass dung nuked ---
Those who have endured your incessant blathering over in Fido land tell me that you've said a few quotable things, such as "G-d is a Devil", "El Shaddai is Satan", and "all the words in the King James Bible are God's pure words, including 'pisseth', 'ass', 'bastard', and 'dung'".  Therefore, I've tried to avoid "profanity" in my response and use only the words that you consider "pure".  Thus' let me say, "Pisseth upon thy ass, thou bastard who eateth dung".
May your wife (if you can even attract/keep one) "Bobbitize" you.  Can I recommend a good doctor?  Kevorkian!
Go thou and fornicate thyself.  Thou shalt not "Spam" the Internet/Usenet!  Go back and play in the Fidonet sandbox until you learn how to play nicely with the big kids...

@_date: 1994-06-22 04:11:19
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: HOW TO MUTATE AND TAKE OVER THE WORLD 
I wasn't at the first meeting.  I wasn't the one who coined the term
"cypherpunk".  I heard that Andy Hawks did.
  Cat Shoe

@_date: 1994-06-25 10:06:11
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGP public key for soda.berkeley remailer? 
Does somebody have the correct PGP public key for the
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu remailer?  Nothing I've sent there for posting
has ever shown up, and I suspect I've got a bad key on my ring for them!

@_date: 1994-06-27 14:08:15
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: NSA and competence 
OTOH, one need not assume that everyone at NSA is a rocket scientist and
that they are miles ahead of us in this game.  The long undistinguished
history of federal agencies shows them to be full of incompetence, waste
and usually gross fraud as well. Considering the huge budget and lack of
accountability, NSA seems an unusual place to look for an exception.
A truly competent and efficient government agency that can hold its own
against competition from the private sector is a rarity indeed.  Granted,
NSA had a head start of a few decades, yet it would be surprising if
their lead at this point is more than negligible.  Yes, I have read
Bamford (though - sorry - not Kahn): remember that Bamford's book is
already 12 years old and was probably out-of-date WRT the technology
when it was published.

@_date: 1994-06-27 21:17:49
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Sternlight and Stokes 
Coincidentally, or maybe not, a fellow named Ralph Stokes (Ralph.Stokes at f1611.n375.z1.fidonet.org) has been mentioning "you-know-who" by name all over the net in his now infamous "Beware of Roman Catholic Corruption" spam, and accusing all matter of people of being in league with him.
You don't suppose that, with Sternlight's disappearance and Stokes' appearance that ... nah, forget it...

@_date: 1994-03-12 02:26:29
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Spy Satellites For Sale 
The New York Times
Friday, March 11, 1994, p. A1
U.S. TO ALLOW SALE OF THE TECHNOLOGY FOR SPY SATELLITES
Marketing to Private Customers Assailed by
Some Who Fear Use by Hostile Nations
by Edmund L. Andrews
  Washington, March 10 -- The Clinton Administration announced today
that it would allow companies to market sophisticated spy satellite
technology to commercial customers around the world.
  The decision marks a big change from the comparatively strict limits
now imposed on satellite-imaging systems, and it caps more than a year
of intense debate among the Commerce Department, the Pentagon and
Government intelligence agencies.
  The move, which could attract new business worth hundreds of
millions of dollars to American industry, also marks one of the
clearest examples so far of the Administration's intention to
emphasize commercial and economic priorities over more traditional
cold war-era concerns about national security.
Change Raises Concern
  Some security experts questioned the decision to allow wider access
to a technology that has been described as one of the most powerful
tools in America's espionage arsenal.  But others said the technology
was already becoming available in other countries and that American
companies should be allowed to profit from the trend.
  Under the new policy, American companies will be allowed to build
and operate for-profit satellite systems that are powerful enough to
take photographs from 22,300 miles above the earth and depict objects
on the ground as small as one square yard, smaller than a subcompact
car or a hot-dog stand.
  Several American companies, among them the Lockheed Corporation, are
hoping to set up satellite imaging services for customers around the
world.  As envisioned by Lockheed, customers would be able to transmit
instructions directly to the satellite, which would turn its cameras
to the desired location and then beam the images back to the ground. Such customers might include oil and mining companies and
environmental researchers.
'A New Era'
  Administration officials said that companies would also have greater
freedom to export entire satellite systems to foreign countries,
though such sales will still require approval from the State
  "This is 1994," David J. Barram, Deputy Secretary of Commerce, said
in an interview today.  "This is a new era.  We believe national
security and economic security are intertwined.  In order to have
national security, you have to have vibrant and competitive industries
that are allowed to do what they do best."
  But some experts warned that the decision could severely compromise
national security by letting hostile countries use America's own spy
technology to obtain detailed images of sensitive military
installations in the United States or to plan military activities
elsewhere in the world.
  "The main customers for these systems will be the intelligence
agencies of other countries," predicted John Pike, director of space
policy at the Federation of American Scientists, a nonprofit group
devoted to science and public policy.  "They have fairly strong
safeguards here.  But in practice it is going to be difficult to
prevent North Korea or Iraq from using a front company to gain spy
satellite photos in the same way they acquired nuclear and chemical
missile technology."
  Numerous companies already market commercial satellite images, which
can be used for mapping, geologic surveys and even agricultural
purposes, like remote monitoring of cattle herds.
  But currently, the most sophisticated of these services is offered
by Spot Image, a French company, and it cannot produce photographs
showing land areas smaller than about 10 yards in diameter.  And while
the Spot system is being upgraded, it will still be unable to view
areas smaller than five yards.
  Lockheed and other American companies have been arguing for
permission to operate systems that could depict objects about a square
yard in size, a request that had been resisted by the Central
Intelligence Agency and National Security Agency.
Growing Market
  Despite the agencies' concerns, Administration officials said today
that they fully intended to approve requests like those of Lockheed,
and went on to argue that the higher-resolution images are essential
if any significant commercial market is to be formed.  The Commerce
Department says that remote-sensing services, as they are known,
currently make up a $400 million market worldwide; the market is
expected to grow to about $2 billion by the year 2000.
  Besides Lockheed, two other American companies have sought
permission to operate high-resolution satellite-imaging services.  One
is the Orbital Sciences Corporation, a small rocket and satellite
company based in Dulles, VA.  The other is World View Inc., a start-up
company in Livermore, Calif.
  Administration officials said that while the companies intended to
adopt the precise technology that has long been used on Government spy
satellites, the new policy included a number of safeguards to prevent
the technology from falling into the wrong hands.
  As happens now, the Commerce Department must still approve each
application to operate a commercial satellite surveillance system or
to sell such a system within the United States -- or to market the
services around the world.  Sales of such equipment outside the
country, however, will be subject to the export-control procedures
already in place for products that have military applications, which
means that each sale must be approved by the State Department and that
sales to hostile countries will likely be blocked.  But under the new
policy, the Government would be much more likely to approve spy
satellite exports.
Right to Decode
  To prevent the misuse of satellite data sold by the new commercial
services, the Government said that the companies would have to
maintain a record of every job the satellite had been instructed to
carry out.  Moreover, the satellites cannot scramble their
transmissions with coding technology that the Government cannot
decipher.  An oil company could protect its business secrets -- for
example, by transmitting its exploration photos in scrambled form --
but the Government would have the right to decode them.
  In addition, the new policy leaves room for the Government to shut
down a satellite system during what an Administration statement
described as "periods when national security or international
obligations and/or foreign policies may be compromised."  But industry
officials who supported the new policy said they had been assured by
Commerce Department officials that the country would need to be in a
"Persian Gulf situation" before it began shutting down systems.
  Executives at companies that have pressed for more liberal rules
said the new policy gave them virtually everything they wanted.
  "We are very pleased that the Administration put together such a
forward-thinking policy that allows the application of defense
technology for commercial purposes," said Brian Dailey, vice president
at the Washington office of Lockheed Corporation.
  Gilbert Rye, corporate vice president at Orbital Sciences, echoed
that view.  "It's an outstanding development," he said.
Security Agencies Sign On
  Today's decision was supported, at least in public, by the Defense
Department and other agencies concerned with national security issues

@_date: 1994-03-21 12:29:32
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
I've heard a rumour that the British government has banned use of
encryption on telephone lines as part of its campaign against
'Computer Pornography'. Does anyone know if this is true, and
if so, do they have any more details ?

@_date: 1994-03-23 13:33:40
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Controlling the Internet 
[It shouldn't be too hard to figure out who "nobody" is:]
Blanc writes...
I think we agree philosophically.  Where we diverge is in our understanding
of things-as-they-are.  I contend that large companies, MS being one example, often enlist the government and its coercive powers in their
One issue where I think I've seen MS's hand is "intellectual property".
My concern about "intellectual property" is that MS and some others have
changed the terms of the debate ["property" is protected more than
"privilege"] and the law to further their own interests, to the detriment
of the rest of us.
We need to  reduce the power of government so that it cannot be enlisted in any company's service.
That said, I am following your advice:  With the exception of the
ubiquitous DOS/Windows operating systems, I've gotten rid of every MS product on my machines.  If OS/2 ever grows up [can handle a 14.4k faxmodem for example], I'll be MS free.
One example of why I'm ticked at SPA folks ...
I'm tired of this shit.
Now, imagine if SPA owned the internet....

@_date: 1994-03-24 09:04:35
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGP: change ".z" to ".gz" for gzip? 
While browsing pgp.c, I noticed it checks for several kinds of compression:
static char *compressSig[] =  { "PK\03\04", "ZOO ", "GIF8", "\352\140",
static char *compressName[] = { "PKZIP",   "Zoo",  "GIF",  "Arj",
static char *compressExt[] =  { ".zip",  ".zoo",  ".gif",  ".arj",
Since gzip now uses ".gz" consistently, perhaps the ".z" should change for
PGP 2.5 (or whatever the next public version will be called).
I think the code would have to change more to do the right thing with
both, since it uses the compressSig to decide which compressExt to try --
is this right?  I guess it'd be cleaner to accept both, but probably
not worth extra code that would eventually become obsolete.

@_date: 1994-03-26 10:00:46
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
I will be establishing an offshore corporation in the very near
future.  I am currently leaning towards doing so in Hong Kong both
because it raises fewer flags than a Cayman Island corporation and
because I've seen ads in _The Economist_ detailing existing
corporations for sale.
     Can anyone recommend a lawyer experienced in setting up such
organizations who can be trusted to be discrete?  Location (of the
lawyer) is unimportant.  In particular, I need to determine if a
foreign corporation needs to establish a U.S. corp to do business
in the U.S. (consulting work, of course), and I need someone who
can set such things up.
     My apologies if this post is too far off topic for this list.

@_date: 1994-05-01 11:16:25
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Another remailer 
Hal Finney wrote, quoting John Perry:
It's gone now and the PGP key has been revoked.  I think Mr. Perry
deserves the Guiness world record for having the shortest-lived
remailer!  :-|

@_date: 1994-05-02 10:19:35
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: 'Independent' Article : Spooks all set to hack it on the superhighway 
Thought the following might be of interest to give some of the European
political perspective on encryption, reproduced without permission from the UK 'Independent' newspaper 2/5/94 (anything between {} are my own
comments) :
Title : Spooks all set to hack it on the superhighway
 On the right of the article, a pretty picture titled 'How E-mail helps
 criminals avoid detection' - with boxes saying :
'Today when a user transmits messages in code on the Internet, the  international computer network, government intelligence services
 cannot listen in.'
'The US has introduced the Clipper chip, a way of encrypting messages
 while allowing government intelligence services access to transmissions.
 This is possible through a "key" used to encrypt the message. The  government holds a duplicate key that allows it to decode transmissions.'
'Modern encryption cannot be cracked but if users are forced to use
 the Clipper chip, intelligence services could then eavesdrop.'
'Europe is opposed to the Clipper chip because it fears that the FBI or
 CIA could target European businesses. A suggested alternative is that
 the "keys" to the coded messages could be deposited with a non-government
 trusted third party' {Gee, yeah, that's a real improvement - me}
 At the bottom of the picture, a set of small images titled 'Dangerous
 traffic on the information superhighway', individually 'Terrorism',
 'Drug trafficking', 'Neo-Nazi organisations', 'Pornography', 'Industrial
 espionage', and 'Money laundering'. {Oddly enough, there's not the slightest
 mention of 'Government privacy abuse', 'Governemnt oppression' and the  like... and I wish *I* knew how to send drugs by email :  uuencode -heinous_chemicals, maybe ?... As an aside, a British computer  magazine reported a couple of weeks ago that a government minister had  refused to ban the import of pornography over telephone lines (and hence
 the Internet) as it would be unenforcable, even in plaintext ! - me}
A ROW is brewing between Europe and America over US plans to allow intelligence
agencies to monitor information on computer channels. Washington believes
E-mail - electronic messages travelling at the speed of light on the
information superhighway - is a conduit for criminals and terrorists to
transmit messages without fear of detection.
The US plan for a Clipper chip, which lets intelligence agencies crack
encrypted computer messages, has raised fears amongst European businesses
that sensitive information would no longer be secret if it was vetted by
the CIA, the FBI, or GCHQ, the British Government's eavesdropping facility
{I would have thought it was *obvious* that it would no longer be secret
if it was being decoded by this lot... - me}.
E-mail is rapidly taking over from "snail-mail", as postal services are
dismissively known. There are 20 million users on the worldwide web of
computer networks known as Internet. But in 10 years it is predicted that
80 per cent of trade information will be sent by this method.
The Clinton administration, concerned that terrorists, money-launderers and
drug dealers will use E-mail to send encrypted information to assosciates,
wants to outlaw the use of private encryption on international computer
The global censorship plan has run up against opposition from European
and American businesses that use encryption to send sensitive information.
In a position paper to a consulate of European Union intelligence experts,
which has been obtained by the 'Independent', the European organisation
representing users of computer security has rejected the Clinton initiative
as "totally unacceptable".
The statement by the Information Security Business Advisory Group (Ibag),
warns European governments to ignore overtures from the US government
aimed at restricting access to the information superhighway to users who
use encryptions that the government agencies can decode.
The European position is that "industry needs to know when its sensitive
data has been compromised [by the security services or others]" and that
the US eavesdropping initiative will greatly reduce the benefits of the
information superhighway. Companies "will be restricted to a very
restricted list of 'approved' algorithms [encryption methods]" greatly
adding to business costs and making international cooperation difficult.
Ibag recently informed the senior officials group on information security
that the planned US-style restrictions, or the even stricter French
system under which those using cyphers must disclose the keys to the
authorities, are "totally unacceptable" to industry.
The European group has proposed that companies deposit the keys to their
encryption cyphers with "trusted third parties" rather than with governments.
With this system, when intelligence agencies want to tap messages, the
company will have to be notified. {Unless, of course, they just bribe the
'trusted third party', break in, require the key for 'national security'
reasons, or whatever... - me}
Chriss Sund, a computer-security expert, said companies faced real dangers
of economic espionage by governments. "There was a general instinct among
companies to distrust the French", {8-)} he said, who use government
controls on encryption "to their advantage". {like the others won't, I'm
sure... - me} Stephen Dorrill, an expert on the intelligence services, claims that the
US proposal is designed to facilitate industrial espionage.
"GCHQ, which has been co-operating hand-in-glove with the US for the past
fifty years, {UK-USA agreements, etc - me} finds itself caught in the middle
of this US-EU dispute. Britain will eventually have to square co-operation
on intelligence and encryption across the Atlantic with the demands of its
European partners."
Under the US initiative, use of computer or voice encryption that cannot
readily be hacked into by the security services of cooperating governments
will be deemed suspicious and worthy of surveillance. {Well, they can
surveil all they like if they can't break it... - me}
These users will be denied access to the information superhighway. {Quite
how this would be implemented is unexplained, but presumably would require
mandatory use of Tessera chips. Still, of course, completely useless against
superencipherment... - me}
The US has decided to replace private encryption with the Clipper chip. {Now, I don't know whether they've heard this from US government sources,
or whether they're interpreting it that way, or whether they just don't know what they're talking about, but if it's the former, then the general tone of the article with it's "decision" to "replace" private encryption might indicate the US government is taking a more candid stand with its opposite numbers in Europe than it's giving to the people back home -me}
This enables government agencies to listen in on conversations and
decode data flows at will {wot, no warrants ? - me}. How European governments intend to tackle the problem of terrorists and other
criminals using encryption to stay ahead of the law is not known, but
there has traditionally been a close working relationship National
Security Agency in the US and the GCHQ in Britain. {i.e. 'Buy the new
secure British Telecom ClipperPhone, available now from all good
high-street consumer electronics stores...' - me}
The clash over encryption could have serious implications for the
development of the information superhighway, which has
been hailed in Brussels and Washington as a way of increasing competitiveness and delivering a boost to the economies of the
industrialised world {that they've been working hard to trash for
the last fifty years - me}.
If European businesses are blocked from using the US information
superhighway because they will not bow to US pressure, the EU
may be forced to develop its own independent system, adding to
the cost and hastening the division into three rival trading blocs,
{Oceania, Eurasia and Eastasia, whoops, wrong book - me} the US,
the EU and Asia.
So, I'm not really sure how to take this article (other than my first
though : 'Thank "Bob" I'm out of here in nine months'). On the one hand, it appears that the US and EU may well be at each other's throats (IMHO, the best place for them) over the actual implementation of the 'escrow', but on the other the European organisations seem quite happy with the idea of giving their keys away as long as they go to a 'trusted third party'.
But.... there are certain advantages from this point of view.. aside from
the fact that it's just as useless as Clipper, since you can just superencipher with a secret key, if you generate the keys yourself rather than having them generated for you, you could always give them an invalid key ('Whoops, silly me, wrong floppy disk'), then if they did want to crack your encryption they'd have to come round for a visit
to get the real key and demonstrate that they'd attempted to tap you. I
have no intention of giving my keys to anyone, but if they're going
to attempt to implement some kind of pseudo-escrow system, I'd rather this than the Clipper approach. The best news, I guess, is that European businessses want to use encryption,
so it looks like a ban would be difficult to enforce. The worst news is the
general tone of the article, attempting to link the use of secure encryption
to terrorists and drug dealers, and like I said, it would be interesting
to know where they got their comments on the US government's plans from,
'cause they sure don't match what's been put out for domestic consumption...

@_date: 1994-05-04 21:22:38
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Anonymous Mail via Port 25 
Awhile ago, someone mentioned that at some colleges & universities, the
dialup lines don't require you to log in immediately.  Rather, they let
you specify which system to telnet to, and then you log in there. Telnets are usually limited to machines in the University's domain, but
they often don't restrict what ports you can telnet to.  So you can
telnet to port 25 and send an anonymous mail which would be very
difficult to trace.  Does anyone know of any such systems?  Anywhere in
the U.S. or Canada?  I'm thinking of using such mail ports for a new
anonymous remailer I'm working on, and I want to make tracing the mail
as difficult as possible.  Please post modem numbers...

@_date: 1994-05-04 23:23:08
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Advertisement 
I realize that one-time pads are sort of outri these days, but
what do you use when there are no computers around?  I've written three
programs in C which [1] construct a TeX-printable sheet of pads with
pseudo-random numbers (use your own rand() function), [2] automatically
encrypt a message using modular summing rather than XOR (easier to do if
you don't have a computer handy), and [3] decrypt the message.  They
aren't the best examples of C coding, but they work.
        The first program is included below, conventionally encrypted
with PGP. For a total of just 12 [TWELVE] Tacky Tokens I'll release the
password. Please send your COIN.DAT contributions by encrypting with the
PGP key below and posting to alt.test with the subject: IGNORE - NEON.
        Cast your bread upon the waters.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Since I don't know how to do a zero-knowledge (0-k) proof, I post part
of the documentation below, as proof that it exists:
PAD CONSTRUCTION
Cut each pad out seperately as shown, and staple together. A hot-melt
glue gun can also be used for binding.  The figure "EAF45" is a random
value generated as a lable for each pad (see line  of OTP.C).
              
                    18 12 25 04 18 13 15 19 15 12 
                    15 10 12 08 27 29 18 24 19 20 
                S   24 20 17 06 25 21 12 04 00 11 
                T   21 16 24 08 24 28 16 20 25 04 
                A   02 17 11 25 12 25 02 16 16 28 
                P   24 12 15 10 14 08 18 00 25 29 
                L   10 23 07 05 07 15 08 10 18 24 
                E   18 02 02 22 03 25 20 25 03 14 
                    13 14 26 09 25 11 00 16 03 10 
                    12 18 23 20 20 17 10 02 19 23 
                          EAF45    Page 3         
              

@_date: 1994-05-05 08:38:25
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: theories about lack of crypto 
sorry if this appears twice; I sent a copy through one of the new anonymous
remailers last night and it looks like it didn't make it.  Or I messed up
somehow ;)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Tim May brings up some interesting and valid points about crypto
I think there are several reasons surrounding the slow pace of crypto
protocol (particularly software) development; rather than list them
let me explain the difficulties in setting up a "data haven" (as far
as I can see):
I - Difficulties
1. The usual stuff like finding the time to code and maintain
   software, including getting access to a workstation (or whatever,
   some net connected computer given that my home computer is a PC
   running MSDOS).
2. Say all this code gets written.  To really be able to run a data
   haven, I'd need to own the machine it runs on, to have the power to
   call all the shots.  Yes, maybe my internet provider charges $x per
   megabyte, but I seriously doubt I'd be allowed to use up 100 Megs of
   disk space, even if I payed (and charged a bit more for storeage to
   cover my expenses).  Now I can get a SLIP account for about $50 a
   month where I live, and so if I had a spare computer to devote, I'd be
   set, sort of.
   I'd definitely need the machine to be available on a network,
   otherwise it would be too inconvenient and nobody would use it.  Of
   course, I'd also need an easy to use digital cash system to accept
   payments.
   Same thing with top-notch anonymous remailers; to be able to turn off
   logging, and be in control of a hundred details, I need to own the
   machine.    Same thing with digital banks.  Who would use a bank that runs off
   of an account from an internet provider?  Besides, I'd need to own the
   machine to setup the appropriate security measures, etc.
3. Legal issues.
   This is the biggest problem.  By running a data haven (and this
   applies to many other cryptographic protocols, particularly ones that
   guarentee anonymity, etc.) I pretty much open myself up to a legal can
   of worms.  All it takes is one person to store pirated software, one
   person to send death threats through my "strong" anonymous remailer,
   one person to forward Clarinet posts to usenet, and I'm potentially
   in for a battle.  Craig Neidorf (phrack) went to court and racked up a
   legal bill of $100,000, all for the government to drop its case.
   Consider if somebody posted anonymous soliciting pirated software.
   Let's say in a year, I set up an anonymous remailer and digital
   bank, and it really is anonymous.  Somebody posts, soliciting the
   source code for Chicago (just an example), offering $10 million
   dollars.  Some anonymous person sends it off, and receives payment.
   Neither party is traceable, and both are very happy.  Except me.
   How screwed do you think I'd be facing the legal department of Microsoft?
   Yeah, the solution is to relocate off-shore; this is not feasible
   for me.
   This is only the tip of it since a large number of the more
   interesting and useful protocols are patented.  Sure, maybe the
   concept of software patents suck, but the fact it, it's legal until a
   court overturns it.  And I don't have the money to mount a legal battle.
   There is a balance to be struck between offering totally anonymous
   remailing (for example) and keeping enough logs to keep out of
   potential legal trouble.  The problem is that the balance falls closer
   to the logging side, which would scare off potential users/customers.
II - Incentives
Really, what are the incentives for running these services?  None as
far as I can tell, other than the satisfaction of doing it.
Johan Helsingus (Julf of anon.penet.fi) spends hours a day maintaining
his site, responding to complaints, etc.  He provides a valuable
service, which obviously is very popular... all the same, I'll bet
when he asked for a donation of $5 per account to help defray costs,
he got almost no response.
III - Usage
Why aren't people using DC-Nets, data havens, etc.?  Because I don't
think there is a reason to.  I'm not saying that it's a waste of time to develop this software;
it's just for now it'll be confined to experimental usage, research
purposes, or just as a challenge to surmount.  I mean, I know what a DC-Net is, but I can't think of a single reason
I'd actually use one, other than for the heck of it.
IV - Platforms
Well, for me, it would be MS-DOS.  I love UNIX too, but my home
computer is 10 times more convenient to develop for.
All I can say is for the near future, I don't see any of this stuff
being done by anybody other than "hobbyists".
"The Internet Casino"
This sounds great, in fact, I've thought of writing a crypto version
of roulette or blackjack... something that would use a bit-committment
protocol to committ to a shuffle or sequence of random number, and
play you.  Afterwards, you could check logs to verify you weren't
cheated.  Maybe I'll actually find some time this summer to write it,
I'm interested in hearing your theories about this, Tim.  I too wish
things were different, but I just can't do much about it.
I still think we are in a "ease of use" phase.  Most people on this
list don't even pgp sign their messages, largely because it isn't
convenient.  It isn't surprising later protocols aren't faring well.

@_date: 1994-05-05 13:43:49
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Keyserver service outRAGE 
So that's it, isn't it?  Clipperized PGP.  The government has pressured
RSA into allowing a new version of PGP, in an attempt to displace the
use of freeware PGP, with the hope that they will then be able to
control it more.  This stinks.

@_date: 1994-05-05 22:37:54
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: otp 
unicorn at access.digex.net says,
Un> Is there a mac version?
What is offered is the otp.c source and some documentation.  It should
compile easily on most computer platforms.  The output of the program
must be run through the TeX typesetting program, and LaTeX, which are
freely available.
If you wish to do a Macintosh version, I'll refund half your signed
contribution.  (Is there enough of a money supply out there, that 12
tokens is a reasonable number? i.e.: 2 each from 6 people or whatever.)
Derek Atkins  says,
DA> In the immortal words of a famous vulcan, the needs of the many
DA> outweigh the wants of the few.
                    of the individual".
PGP 2.6 key available on request

@_date: 1994-05-06 01:02:04
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: IRS plans 
Here's some excerpts from a speech by Coleta Brueck, Project Manager,
Document Processing system, at the Internal Revenue Service, that she
gave at the Computer Press Association Awards luncheon in New York on
April 15th.  I was at the lunch, but the transcript of the speech just
arrived today.  The ellipses are mine, but I think I'm not distorting
what she said.
She started by explaining that their current systems are functionally
based on punch card systems from the 1950s, and they want to get more
stuff on-line so that when you call with a question, the person at the
IRS can retrieve a copy of your records while you're still on the
phone.  But then:
"We should be able to provide you on-line access to that information.
 ... You will have the availability to know what your current account
information is, very much like if most of us who have an American
Express Card, you can call -- you don't really know where that 800
number goes, but what you do know is when that person answers your
call, they have your complete account information. ... They can give
you information on your account, they can update your account, or they
can provide you futuristic looks into your account as to where you
might be next year, even, for filing tax returns.  We've often talked
about, and this is the terminology that I used when I was in on a task
group, we've talked about the "golden eagle" return.  This is the
golden -- or gold American Express Card return.  At the end of each
year, if you have an American Express Card, you get a gold account
summary of what you've done for the year.  ... Basically, what I say is
that if I know what you've made during the year, if I know what your
withholding is, if I know what your spending pattern is, I should be
able to generate for you a tax return so that I only come to you and
tell you, 'This is what I think you should file for the next year, and
if you agree to that, then don't bother sending me a piece of paper.'
 ...
But I am an excellent advocate of return-free filing.  We know
everything about you that we need to know.  Your employer tells us
everything about you that we need to know.  Your activity records on
your credit cards tell us everything about you that we need to know.
Through interface with Social Security, with the DMV, with your banking
institutions, we really have a lot of information, so why would you, at
the end of the year or on April 15th, today, do we ask the post office
to encumber themselves with massive numbers of people out there,
picking up pieves of paper that you are required to file?
 ... We could literally file a return for you.  This is the future
that we'd like to go to."
Lest there be any doubt, she was entirely serious, and she clearly
expected that that we'd all think this is as wonderful as she does.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, jlevine at delphi.com, 1037498 at mcimail.com

@_date: 1994-05-06 21:07:38
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Reply to Phantom about Magic Money 
I have seen your posts about the "GhostMark" bank. How is this doing?
How many coins have you issued, and how many transactions are you getting?
Are you running the transactions by hand, or do you have it automated?
Somebody here (mpd?) had compiled it for the mac. The user interface
was still text-based, but they said it worked.
Problem there: the spent list doesn't record the value of the coin.
Only the number. So you can't pull it out of the spent list. If you
want accounting info, you will have to modify the code to write some
information to a file as the coins are exchanged. Not too hard to do,
but you can't get the data after-the-fact from the spent list.
         					 Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-05-10 17:46:32
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Why Digital Cash... 
Well I'm bummed, my earlier post on this seems to have been totally
ignored.  I will shorten it.
Tim May asks some interesting questions about the pace of crypto
deployment, and asks about "compensating" people for their work.
I think there are two main reasons for slow deployment:
1.  Lack of resources
  To really do it right, you must own a net connected machine.
  - digital bank: speed, convenience
  - data havens: speed, convenience, access to huge storage
  - anonymous remailers: need to be able to control sendmail logging,
    need to be able to hack config files for best results, etc.
  Owning the machine this stuff runs on (no other users) is necessary
  for key security.  For guarding against what Tim calls "Mom and Pop"
  type remailers (ones that may vanish at anytime when a student
  graduates, moves, etc.)
2.  Legal issues
  In my mind, the biggest hurdle.
  - patents: these may really suck but the fact is they are legal
    until a court overturns them, or they expire ;)
  - exposure: the operator assumes a certain (almost unpredictable)
    risk.  For example:
    * suppose I run a data haven and people use it for moving pirated
      software.     * suppose somebody uses an anonymous remailer to threaten another
    Call me nuts, but the fact that many remailers run on systems that
    do log mail is "protection" for the remailer operator.  A balance
    needs to be struck between offering anonymous mail and logging;
    unfortunately I think in the current climate the balance lies
    closer to logging to avoid problems.
Don't get me wrong, I'm in favor of this technology (I've run
remailers, etc.).  But the "infrastructure" to deal with some events
isn't here.
(Say somebody gets threatening anonymous mail.  In a world rich with
crypto tools, this person would be using positive reputation filters,
ignoring mail not digitally signed, maybe even be posting to usenet or
participating in an email list "anonymously" themselves with return
address blocks, etc.  In this case, their identity could be kept
completely private.)
What are the incentives for running these services?  None as far as I
can tell, other than the satisfaction of doing it.  I'm not sure the
market is ready for anonymous mail, data havens, etc.  So it falls to
interested hobbyists to experiment with.
Johan Helsingus (Julf of anon.penet.fi) spends hours a day maintaining
his site, responding to complaints, etc.  He provides a valuable
service, which obviously is very popular... all the same, I'll bet
when he asked for a donation of $5 per account to help defray costs,
he got almost no response.
I'm very interested in hearing your theories about this, Tim.  Post!
I too wish things were different.
We are in a "ease of use" phase.  Most people on this list don't even
pgp sign their messages, largely because it isn't convenient.  It
isn't surprising later protocols aren't faring well.

@_date: 1994-05-13 13:30:05
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Mail to ftp? 
Is there any way to get a new crypto application up for widespread ftp
access while remaining anonymous?  Something like a mail to ftp gateway that
would do a "put"?  Or is there someone here willing to receive an anonymous
crypto package and put it up for ftp at the CP site?

@_date: 1994-05-14 01:08:57
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: MAKE.DIGITAL.MONEY.FAST 
HOW TO ADVERTISE AND SELL SERVICES ANONYMOUSLY
Now that we have two or more digital banks operating, we face the problem
of actually marketing services anonymously.  Here is a suggestion on how
that can be done.
Let's say you have the licence/I.D. information which Black Unicorn
collected recently, and you wish to profit from it.  Then, in the best
traditions of Usenet, you would post a short (anonymous) notice in the
misc.forsale newsgroup, stating what the offering is, and asking, say,
12 GhostMarks or 10 DigiFrancs.  Of course, the average reader of
misc.forsale will be a mite confused by this, so an explanation in the
.sig space would be helpful.  Something along the lines of,
"finger phantom at stein.u.washington.edu for information about MagicMoney".
So let's say you have a customer who is willing to pay.  Where does
he/she send the cash, or just ask for further information?  You could
use an anonymous server like penet, but as has been shown, there are
problems involved in mapping anon i.d.'s to real i.d.'s.  Plus as our
friend David Sternlight pointed out recently, packets can be traced.
Incoming and outgoing traffic can be compared and the routes monitored.
In short, there are risks.
I suggest a different technique.  Use the "Jay Prime Positive Mail Pool".
Here is a short description:
     Send mail to jpp=0x123456 at markv.com, and the mail will be
     encrypted with the key matching 0x123456, and sent to alt.test
     with a subject line of "Ignore 0x123456"
     To add a key, send to jpp=poolnew at markv.com.  The body of the
     message should contain the public key in pgp format.  If there is
     a key clash, a message with the subject "Ignore jpp=poolnew key
     already in use"
Therefore, in your advertisement in misc.forsale, just say, "Interested
parties should mail their digital cash certificates to:
    jpp=0x(your_PGP_number)
Then just monitor alt.test and rake in the money.  And BTW, remember to
send Jay Prime your _anonymous_ PGP key (e.g. pseudonym ).

@_date: 1994-05-17 00:27:02
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Makeing MagicMoney worth something. 
One problem with MM (or other digital coin like protocols) is
makeing the coins worth something.  What could I buy with a Tacky
Token today?  Does anyone know how much Diet Coke and aluminum a Digi
Franc is worth (*Nudge* *Nudge*).  GhostMarks?
  But suppose....
  I deposited $100 of _my_ money in a bank like the Pentagon Federal
Credit Union.  I published an account inquiry phone number (1 800 xxx
xxxx), an account number, and a PIN, which folks could use to call and
verify the amount of money in _my_ bank account.  Suppose also that I
ran a MM server.  And suppose that I promised, on the net via a signed
message, to trade MM coins for dolars.  Perhaps I would buy 1 of my
coins for 1 cent.
  I don't belive I would be running a bank: I would maintain no
deposits for anyone other than myself.  The money in the account would
be mine, and when it earned interest, _I_ would be responsible for
taxes due.
  I don't belive I would be issueing a currency: I would make no
claims about the MM coins being money, or tender for any debt.  They
would be like trading cards, casino chips, or gift certificates.  In
fact they would be like promissory notes, or personal checks made out
to cash.  The account inquiry phone number information would act a
little like a check garantee card.
  If other people chose to trade the coins around, that would be fine
with me.  I certainly couldn't stop them.  (And it would be their
responsibility to obey all aplicable laws.  Such as SEC, IRS, FDA, and
DMV.)  All I would offer is a digital veracity service, and a promise
to trade MM coins on demand for dollars.
  Would this sort of an enterprise run afoul of the law in any way?
Well, how about _besides_ the patents held by Chaum, PKP, et al.?
Would the person running the MM server be part of a criminal
  Would you trust this kind of coin?  Would you accept coins 'worth'
1% of the balance, 10%, 100%, or more?  Would the coins circulate?
Would you accept coins from anyone other than their maker?  Could a
usefull economy develop based on an initial money supply of about
$100; or $1,000; or $10,000?
  Now, supose a bunch of folks were running similar services.  Someone
might be able to open up a clearing house which would accept coins
from any of a bunch of people in exchange for either other people's
coins or the house's own coin.
  Would the house be able to back their coins with the coins of the
many individuals?  What if people contracted with the house to run
their MM server for them?  Would anyone trust the house?  Would the
house be a bank?  If it were a bank, how would the powers offended be
able to get judgements against it or remedies from it?
   (Unlike the people involved, the clearing house has no 'real'
assets, and no physical location, and no promise to exchange coins for
  Does the game change if I instead publish the numbers to my account
at an English bank denominated in sterling; or to my EFHutton gold,
stock index, or other mutual fund account(s)?  What if I offered to
buy coins for an amount of money equal to a percentage of the accounts
worth -- say 1 coin is worth 1% of the account's value -- would this
run into SEC regulations?
  Cat Shoe

@_date: 1994-05-17 02:53:56
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Disguise_PGP_Ascii 
It occurred to me that if we are going to be posting pgp'ed files to a
newsgroups it might be best to remove the PGP headers and make the
ciphertext look more text-like.  So here is some code to do that, sort of.
Basically I kept it simple so it's easy to read.
To make this:

@_date: 1994-05-27 09:06:19
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Makeing MagicMoney worth something. 
hughes at ah.com (Eric Hughes) said:
Ok, so gtoal, and my idea for multiple MM IOU servers need to fail
at least one test, if not both.
I will assume that 'pay on demand' means the payer must pay at the
moment the note holder requests payment.  So, supose the owner of the
IOU server were to accept payment requests electronicaly, but then
mail the payment a week later.  Or perhaps deliver it in person at the
next local CP meeting (but only if given at least 1 weeks notice).  Is
this enough to dodge 'demand'?
I will assume that 'liquid' means 'readily convertible into cash'.  So
to avoid being 'liquid' perhaps the payments could be made in physical
IOU's, personal checks, travelers checks, money orders, phone calling
cards, or gift certificates.  None is nearly as 'readily convertable
into cash' as cash is.  But perhaps there are other instruments which
could be used.
Alternatively, the value could be delivered in the form of some
comodity, such as Rice, Corn, Diet Coke, or Sow Bellies.
Naturally there still remain the issues of patents.
  Cat Shoe

@_date: 1994-05-27 16:16:48
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: PGP 2.6 
There has never been a ruling declaring it illegal to export PGP.  No one has
ever been convicted of illegally exporting crypto.  The ITAR restrictions also
contain many exemptions, under which it could be legal to export PGP.
Furthermore, If you didn't get your copy of PGP from the US then you haven't
broken any laws.
To what effect?
Or maybe you could just keep on using PGP 2.3a and stop worrying about it.
Why?  Just because PGP 2.6 exists, doesn't mean you have to use it!  If people
want to communicate with you, they will use 2.3a also...or fix their damn
software.  It's their problem, not ours, so let's make it their problem!
Boycott MIT-PGP.

@_date: 1994-05-27 23:41:42
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Why it is legal to export PGP under ITAR 
The US ITAR law exempts many things from export restrictions, among them,
materials availiable in public libraries.  It gives no special definition for a
library.  My American Heritage Dictionary defines "library" as, among other
things, "An orginized collection of recorded data arranged for ease of use."
IOW, an ftp site.  Which means that if a program is available from a public ftp
site, you're legally allowed to export it. :)

@_date: 1994-05-28 11:06:24
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Phone Taps Take In Israeli Who's Who 
LA Times, Sat. 5/28/94, pA2
Phone Taps Take In Israeli Who's Who
  Two private eyes are charged with listening in on hundreds of
  people's cellular calls.  The incident is viewed as a warning
  to a security-conscious country.
By Michael Parks
(Times Staff Writer)
  Jerusalem -- What do Israeli President Ezer Weizman, Tel Aviv Mayor
Ronni Milo, the editors and publishers of the country's best-selling
newspapers, two bank managers, and the manager of the Maccabees soccer
team, several big building contractors and the owner of high-fashion
clothing stores have in common?
  The answer is that they were all on a list of 231 Israelis -- many
politically prominent, some financially powerful but a few relatively
obscure -- whose cellular telephones are said to have been methodically
tapped for eight months by two Tel Aviv private investigators.
  But the real riddle -- why? -- so far has no answer.
  The two investigators, arrested in April and facing charges of
illegal wiretapping, are refusing to tell police who hired them or what
they overheard.
  Rafi Friedan, one of the investigators, initially told police that he
had been asked "to gather data" and that he was confident that his
clients' reasons were "personal and family related," according to court
records.  but Friedan has said nothing further, on his lawyers'
  The list of those whose calls were regularly monitored, according to
preliminary evidence given Tel Aviv courts, is a veritable Who's Who of
Israel's movers and shakers -- and a warning to a security-conscious
country of the risks many of its leaders are running in unguarded
conversations on their always-in-use cellular phones.
  "The police have found records of some conversations of some of our
people that are, well, rather embarrassing in their content," a senior
Israeli official commented, asking not to be quoted by name.  "Things
were said that should not have been said on open lines, and then things
were said that were professionally indiscreet.
  "During World War II, American had a saying, 'Zip a lip and save a
ship,' and we had better think the same way.  People have gotten very,
very casual in their use of their [cellular phones].  If two guys in a
Tel Aviv office building can listen to all that they did, just imagine
what a real intelligence service is doing."
  Among the phones that were monitored, according to police, were some
belonging to the Israeli Defense Ministry, senior officials of the
country's security services, two members of the opposition Likud Party,
the state comptroller and the director of an airline used by the
government for charter flights.
  There were also Weizman, top executives of the country's two
television stations, a number of lawyers, the agency that administers
the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem's Old City, an insurance company, staff
members from the newspapers Yediot Aharonot, Maariv and Haaretz -- and
10 other private investigators.
  Friedan and Yaakov Tsur, his partner in Agam Security Consultants,
were held for three weeks and are now under house arrest.  If convicted
under Israel's laws prohibiting wiretapping, they would face sentences
of three years for each conversation they monitored.
  Although police do not believe the two monitored all conversations,
they have had very limited success in determining which calls they did
record and no luck in finding out what they did with them.
  "Their clients did not exactly pay with company checks," one police
detective said.
  Prosecutors theorize the monitoring operation may have grown out of the
bitter rivalry between Yediot Aharonot and Maariv, which have been
engaged in a long-running circulation war.  But they are at a loss to
explain how it came to encompass such high-ranking officials.
  Friedan, a former undercover policeman, and Tsur listened to the
conversations with a monitor that continually scanned the radio
frequencies used by cellular phones for calls made to and from
specified numbers, according to prosecutors.
  They had rented the $200,000 monitor from its Israeli manufacturer,
ECI Telecom, for "experimentation purposes" prior to its sale to
foreign security services and police departments. Friedan and Tsur
pledged in the contract with ECI to listen only to their own telephones
and those of ECI.
  Friedan has a reputation as a "tapping contractor," working for a
number of clients and taking on cases from other private investigators,
and police and prosecutors have suggested that ECI knew what use he
would make of its monitoring equipment.
  "Even wiretapping for experimental purposes requires permission,"
prosecutor Rafi Levy told a Tel Aviv court this week, "and they did not
get it."

@_date: 1994-10-01 15:15:20
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: FWD: Safe-Tcl meets PGP!!!! 
This is from the Safe-Tcl list, which discusses a variant on tcl which
provides a "safe" subset of capabilities appropriate for letting incoming
mail bring in programs which can run autonomously on your computer.  I
mentioned this a few weeks ago and I've been on the list, although I haven't
looked at it in much detail.   Nathaniel Borenstein is very active in
the email community so this may turn out to be an influential technology.
He is using PGP to authenticate incoming messages and grant them more
privileges as appropriate:

@_date: 1994-10-04 15:52:01
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: A practical use of c'punk brain power. 
bogus at no.return.address sez:
:Greetings c'punks!
:  I have an Excel 4.0 spreadsheet to which I do not have the password.
:Do any of you know a clever way to break the Excel protection either
:by divining the password or removing the layer of encryption in the
I reply:
Found this on alt.security, you said any help appriciated so here goes.
Pleeeeeeeze, no flames.
Newsgroups: alt.security
Approved: myself
Lines: 103
Reply-To: agriffiths at vnet.ibm.com (Alan Griffiths)
Disclaimer: This posting represents the poster's views, not necessarily those of IBM.
References: Nntp-Posting-Host: nhbrp75.caanerc.uk.ibm.com
Organization: LORAL CAA NERC Project
X-Newsreader: IBM NewsReader/2 v1.01
You may find the following program of help. I am sorry it's in QBasic but that's the
only free language I have at present. The program removes document protection from
Excel worksheets. I haven't tested it extensively so there are no guarantees or warranties.
Always keep a backup copy of your files etc...
The protection scheme does two things:
 1. When you protect your document, Excel hashes your password to a 16 bit value, stores
    it somewhere and sets a few flags to say that the document is protected.
 2. When Excel saves a protected document it encrypts the content of each block using 16
    different alphabetic substitutions. This allows Excel to read and display protected
    documents before knowing their password. The program below unscrambles a protected
    document, removes an extra 8 byte block at the beginning, and resets the flags and
    passwords to zero.
I don't know if it can cope with all combinations of protection available in Excel. It
works fine on the simple protect document option. Similarly, charts etc. will probably
get munged since I don't think the titles etc get scrambled.
Hope this stuff is of use to someone.       Alan.
PS. Ironically enough, I found Excel of great value in recovering the set of magic numbers
used in the program. It allowed me to very quickly generate and evaluate possible decryption
-----cut here------------------------------
Alan Griffiths        CAA NERC Project    agriffiths at vnet.ibm.com
Tel: +44-705-561325                       Fax: +44-705-214094
All opinions expressed are my own and do not represent IBM in any way

@_date: 1994-10-05 09:33:54
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: ClearSig Bug in PGP? 
can anyone explain the clearsig bug to me, and is there a fix? thnaks
man, i;ve been out for a while/

@_date: 1994-09-06 07:46:21
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: How Did This Get Done? 
not hard at all...by telnetting in to port 25 of a system on the net, you
can talk directly to that systems sendmail...mail is passed in ascii
format...few systems require a HELO (identifying the system telnetting
in)...then you simply type in the mail headers manually...combine this
with the fact that some systems let you post to usenet by email, and you
can do just about anything and be untraceable (i think, anyone know for
i am sure that there are other ways to do this...i don't know how usenet
news is passed, but i suspect this is also done in a similar way so if
you know the port number and the format, you could do it like that...

@_date: 1994-09-12 09:42:59
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon - Critical Acclaim! 
Critical Acclaim for the Cyphernomicon !
    ----------------------------------------
"My dusty old tomes were showing their age, but the Cyphernomicon
has given me a new lease on life.  It's going to be fun!" - Old Ned
"I think he's trying to confuse us.  Don't believe a word he says."
Fission Chips
"Enlightening." - The King in Yellow
"I liked the part about trust." - Ronald Reagan
"Now I understand why Lucy always yanked the football away from me."
Charlie Brown
"I fear for T. C. May's soul." - Jerry Falwell
"What a stupid jerk I've been!" - Ollie North
"It's nothing but words.  No swords, horsemen, or foot soldiers.
He doesn't scare me!" - Attilla the Hun
"Stay tuned for the blueprint of the next century.  But first,
Page Two ..."  - Paul Harvey
"This is a terrible document!  I detest it ... and I'm printing a copy
for all my friends." - Rush Limbaugh
"I am recommending that we ban public use of assault keys, and that only
appropriate Federal agencies be allowed to use them." - Janet Reno
"I resent his appropriation of the term 'BlackNet'!" - Jesse Jackson
"It's nothing really.  I've communicated with pseudonyms for years."
Miss Manners
"That's how we _should_ have done our real estate deals!"
Hillary Rodham Clinton
"Here are the top ten reasons why you should read the Cyphernomicon ..."
David Letterman
"What a lucrative market Mr. May has shown!  Nobody will ever know how
much this means to me." - Bill Gates
"He made it all perfectly clear, except perhaps the chapter on
anonymity and remailers." - Richard Nixon
"If I had had this book, they would be naming high schools after me."
Richard Nixon
"What, me worry?" - Alfred E. Neuman
"Pull my thumb ... if you can find it!  Heh heh heh." - Beavis & Butthead

@_date: 1994-09-14 00:20:40
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Many thanks to the anonymous gentileperson who reposted the RC4 source.
Now I can rejoin the conversation already in progress.
Louis Cypher (new Nym on the block)

@_date: 1994-09-14 16:24:37
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
9/13/94 Company Plans Payment System For Shopping On The
By Jared Sandberg
  Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
  As millions of computer users browse the Internet for a
burgeoning array of goods and services, most can look but not
  That may soon change.
  A new company called CyberCash Inc., formed by executives from
the Internet and the electronic-payment industries, plans to
introduce a system that will allow on-line browsers to pay for
an item, either by credit card or through bank transfers, over
the global computer network. CommerceNet, a new on-line system
funded by Apple Computer Inc., BankAmerica Corp. and others,
expects to adopt the CyberCash system by year's end. The company
has talked to America Online Inc., which has one million
subscribers and to which it has close ties.
  By clicking a "buy" button, CyberCash users could approve
electronic transfers to merchants from checking and credit-card
accounts. Companies could pay invoices, and e-mail penpals could
settle bets with the point of a mouse.
  But to do that, CyberCash must first persuade banks that the
system is secure from on-line theft, which may be its toughest
challenge. "I don't think there's a system that is adequately
secure that has been placed on the table," says Sholom Rosen, a
vice president for Citicorp, who says he isn't familiar with
CyberCash. Even if one emerges, he adds, "it's going to be tough
to get everybody to agree on the same system."
  While some companies, including Citibank, are planning their
own business-to-business electronic payment systems on the
Internet, CyberCash is aimed at the millions of consumer and
business users who browse the Internet. "We want to make the
Internet safe for commerce," says CyberCash's co-founder and
president, William N. Melton, and "provide safe passage from
cyberspace into the banking world."
  Private on-line services use proprietary software to move
funds, which reduces the risk of thieves breaking into the
system. But only subscribers are permitted to make on-line
purchases, and then only from participating merchants. For
example, fewer than 3% of the people who frequent the CompuServe
"mall" each month buy anything.
  The Internet, by contrast, is an unsecured free-for-all that
uses "open" software to let tens of thousands of computers link
up. That means more computer jocks know how it really works,
increasing the chances of a break-in.
  Mr. Melton is in a good position to overcome the banks'
security concerns. He founded Verifone Inc., which makes the
devices retailers use to authorize credit-card charges. He sits
on the board of America Online and helped launch Transaction
Network Services Inc., a data transmission network for six of
the 12 largest credit-card processing centers. TNS is expected
to be part of CyberCash's private banking network.
  CyberCash's co-founder is Dan Lynch, founder of Interop Co., a
trade-show subsidiary of Ziff Communications Co. that hosts the
biggest Internet gatherings. Other partners include Stephen D.
Crocker, one of the Internet's architects; James Bidzos,
president of RSA Data Securities Inc., a leading
software-security firm; and Bruce Wilson, a former Nynex Corp.
executive and one-time board member of the Electronic Funds
Transfer Association, a banking trade group.
  (END) DOW JONES NEWS 09-13-94
   6 06 AM

@_date: 1994-09-26 20:33:42
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Spurious Emissions 
Spurious Emissions Problem:
Get yourself a sheet of log/lin graph paper. Orient the paper so that the
log axis is horizontal, and the linear is vertical. On the very bottom major axis of the lin, mark it as -157.  The next major
axis up would be -147.  Next up from that is -137, and so on, to -117.
Label this axis as dbmV/m RMS.
On the very left of the log axis, mark it as 100.  Next major log line is
1K.  Next one is 10K, then 100K, 1M, 10M, 100M, 1G, 10G.  Label this as Hz.
Starting at the junction of 100/-148, draw a nice, straight line to 2K/-148.
Continue the line to 10K/-152, then 100M/-124, then 1G/-120, then to 10G/-120.
If a body was to test for emissions at a distance of 1 meter, and kept their
emission levels below that line, they might consider themselves Real Resistant.
Discussions with a Person Who Knows (but wishes to remain anonymous,
curiously) have indicated that a body might like to have a room like this:
steel outsides (like, say, one of those steel pre-fab sheds), and make sure
that steel was grounded *real good* (like at each vertical support, and for
each wall's outside material).  To make sure there weren't any gaps, a
person might want to use fastening screws every 2 or 3 inches, or better
still, weld all the junctions. Then they could put insulation (regular
thermal type) inside, and hold it in place with steel (or better still,
aluminum, since it literally blocks magnetic fields as opposed to absorbing
them like steel does) flyscreen, making sure to overlap the screen a good 6
inches at the junctions, covering all inside surfaces (including any
windows), and "sewing" the overlapped screen bits with metal wire
(preferably the same metal as the screen). Getting in and out screws up any
Effects and Properties, but those can be dealt with by having a good 6 inch
solid metal overlap on the door, so that it made good mechanical and
electrical contact with the wall when the door was closed - there are
companies that are more than happy to sell those little metal fingers that
you see on RF gear to help with this.  Power should be run through standard
solid metal conduit, underground, from the power source (electrically
isolated, like a transformer) and only appear aboveground inside the room.
It should also be *heavily* filtered. A room like this wouldn't be formally
certifiable in any official capacity, but would sure screw up anyone trying
to monitor emissions, forcing them to either get in real close (and risk
discovery), or give up as being too much trouble.
But of course, all this is Pure Supposition and Theory.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Finger merriman at metronet.com for PGP/RIPEM public keys and fingerprints.
Unencrypted Email may be ignored without notice to sender.  PGP preferred.
Remember: It is not enough to _obey_ Big Brother; you must also learn to
*love* Big Brother.

@_date: 1994-09-28 07:03:47
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: MAIL: sufference remailers 
Gary Jeffers makes a post about "sufference" and "fortress" remailers.
Sure there are fortress remailers, just become a government and run
one yourself.
Maybe I'm missing the point, but I don't see the use of discussing
such far flung unrealistic remailers.
In the "sufference" case: there is no such thing as a remailer that
isn't vulnerable to the State's gun argument, unless you are a
Highlander, or otherwise immortal (don't lose your head ;) And even
then, your equipment isn't indestructible.
As for not requiring consent, moving to another country is similar to
chaining mail: now several governments have to collude to shut you
down, and you hope that this offers more protection (much like hoping
remailer operators don't get together to trace your steps).
Sure, you could place a computer with satellite hookups and a power
supply on a raft in the middle of the pacific and run your remailer
from there - this kind of stuff may work for internal activities - but
remailing implies communicating with the world: somebody has to supply
you a feed, and they can be pressured if it is inconvenient to
pressure you.
I can however see (in the future) people running remailers on their
personal net-connected machines, requiring digital postage.  Hopefully
the net good usage will outweigh the net bad, and thus remailers will
be grudgingly tolerated.
But this isn't any "fortress" remailing system.

@_date: 1994-09-28 22:35:30
@_author: nobody at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: What is the PGP key for WIEN ? 
Where can I find the key for the WIEN remailer? It's not on the chaos gopher      go
or on soda
