
@_date: 1998-12-15 21:06:31
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: No Subject 
"No dictator, no invader, can hold an imprisoned population by the force of arms forever. There is no
greater power in the universe than the need for freedom. Against that power governments, and
tyrants, and armies can not stand. The Centauri learned this lesson once. We will teach it to them
again. Though it take a thousand years, we will be free."         -- G'Kar in Babylon 5: "The Long, Twilight Struggle"
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-21 14:04:45
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: SURVEY SHOWS COUNTIES ARE BEHIND ON Y2K FIX 
A survey by the National Association of Counties shows that one-third of
the nation's counties aren't even aware of the Y2K problem -- and about 75% of
the 119 counties with populations below 10,000 haven't developed a plan for
updating their computer systems to deal with the millennial data change.
Total Y2K spending among counties is expected to reach $1.7 billion,
according to the association.  (Information Week 14 Dec 98)
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-25 01:43:03
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: Assault on Civil Liberties 
"Civil liberties and privacy grew more tenuous. The
Clinton administration maintained its record of utter
unfriendliness toward the Bill of Rights as it applies
to technology. The administration's hard-line stand
on encryption, the scrambling of data to keep it away
from prying eyes, shows no signs of moderation. And
the administration pursued the absurd notion, which
flies utterly in the face of reality, that private
businesses can regulate themselves in ways that
protect consumers' privacy."

@_date: 1998-12-26 23:26:12
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: No Subject 
Internet is slowing China's efforts to maintain control
To eliminate political opposition by the China Democratic Party, Chinese
authorities are putting prominent dissidents on trial for "inciting the
overthrow of state power," but the Internet is making it difficult for them
to accomplish their goal.  The Washington, D.C.-based electronic magazine
VIP Reference is a widely-used news source and network for dissident
activities.  Boston University professor Merle Goldman says, "It was
relatively easy for the authorities to get rid of Democracy Walls in
Beijing and in other cities in 1979, but it is virtually impossible to close down
the use of the Internet as a means of political communication." (Washington Post 18 Dec 98)
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-11-03 05:05:28
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: Seeking CDSA source code reference implementation 
I am searching for a source code reference implementation of the CDSA V2.0 standard
as published by the Open Group. I know that a freely available implementation has been
released by IBM (MIT Jonah PKIX Freeware, can be downloaded from  but this is legally accessible only for US citizen.
I have tried to spot the CDSA source but have not found anything up to now.
Has this software found its way outside the US yet? I'd like to put my fingers on it
without actually breaking fed laws...

@_date: 1998-11-20 21:10:28
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: Pothead Survivalists Elude Massive Search 
Reply-To: news at overthrow.com
Organization: Utopian Anarchist Party
Pothead Survivalists Elude Massive Search
One Dead, Two Still Eluding a Continent-wide Manhunt
November 18, 1998
Reprinted from Revolutionary Times, November, 1998
Much thanks to our comrade and friend of anarchy, Terry Mitchell, editor
of Revolutionary Times
Cortez, Colorado -- Like the plot of a farfetched Hollywood movie, three
potheads have proven impossible for police and the military to catch,
and the cops are stumped.
    On May 29th, police officer Dale Claxton stopped a stolen water
truck 50 miles east of Cortez, Colorado.  Before he could exit his
patrol car, three men, dressed in camouflage military fatigues, raked
his car with rifle fire.  He was struck four times and killed.  The
chase was on, and the three were determined not to be captured.
    Then men then drove to their own pickup and continued on with their
water truck.  It didn't take long for police backups to discover officer
Claxton's body and put out an All Points Bulletin.  A short while later,
another lone policeman stopped the water truck, lights flashing.  As he
sat behind the large tanker, a pickup pulled up behind him and stopped.
One camo clad man, wearing a combat helmet, rose up from the pickup bed,
pointed his rifle over the top, and began firing.  At the same time, the
drive reemerged from the pickup, blasting away at the cop.  The officer
was struck in the back, covered by his bulletproof vest, and his leg.
Then, seeing he was down and dazed, they abandoned the tanker and sped
off again.
    Police set up roadblocks on all the key roads, expecting to be able
to use "stop sticks" and their cars to apprehend the shooters.  But, the
savvy survivalists raced up, guns blazing, and literally shot their way
through a state-of-the-art roadblock.  Afterwards, police picked up
close to 5000 spent casings.
    The skill and boldness of the three left Colorado police stunned and
frightened.  They had no idea who the three were and, had it not been
for a bitter ex-girlfriend who snitched them out, they never would
have.  She identified the men as Alan "Monty" Pilon, 30, Jason McVean,
26, and Robert Mason, 26.
        Police quickly raided the mobile homes of the three, ripping
them to shreds.  At one home they found a pickup truck loaded with food,
ammunition and other gear;  as though they had been planning to leave
for the countryside as soon as they had secured the water truck.  At
another of the three's home, police found a small amount of weed, a
pipe, and a pack of papers.  Also found was a map indicating the
locations of 17 cache sites in the desert mountain region.
        As with any situation where the powers of the state were
challenged, the government responded with overwhelming force;  an army
of 200 National Guard and active duty military, plus 300 state, local
and federal police.  An enormous manhunt began for the trio in western
Colorado and eastern Utah.
    Helicopters using latest-generation night vision equipment scoured
the cliffs and valleys in vain.  Special listening, motion and heat
sensing equipment was brought in, but detected no movement or sound that
could lead them to the three.
    Police found the pickup abandoned with tracks leading into the
brush.  But this presented another problem;  FBI and Colorado SWAT teams
going through the tamarisk complained "they can stand ten feet apart and
not see each other."
    A geyser of propaganda erupted, claiming the three were suspects in
the robbing of a gambling casino a year before and that they were
members of the Four Corners Militia.  These lines were repeated over and
over in print and on television.  But there were obvious holes in the
stories.  First, there is no Four Corners Militia.  The entire militia
connection was a fabrication designed to smear all paramilitary groups
with a broad brush.  Second, if the men were suspects, why had they
never been picked up or even questioned about the robberies?
    On July 5th, a Colorado social worker driving along a desert highway
spotted a pair of combat boots beside the road.  Having heard all the
intense "gotta hate 'em" propaganda, he quickly dialed the police on his
cell phone.  But this was not going to be just another easy snitch.  As
he sat looking at the surrounding area, he caught the reflection of
sunlight off the telescopic sight of a rifle.  Just then the dirt began
to kick up around him with bullet strikes, and he sped away to clean up
his pants.
    Sheriff's Deputy Kelley Bradford raced to the scene, only to be met
with a hail of gunfire that left him shot twice and lucky to be alive.
That brought the total to one policeman killed, four wounded, and six
police cars riddled by bullets.  The cops were freaking out.
    Then came a strange twist to the tale.  Robert Mason was found dead,
a victim of what police claim was a suicide.  His body was found in a
bunker-like structure just back from the highway were his boots were
set.  He was wearing body armor and had several pipe bombs near him.
Oddly enough, he was shot between the eyes, a place rarely chosen for
suicide.  He  may have actually been executed on the spot by the police,
or shot by his accomplices.
    Cooperation between local police agencies and Navajo Nation police
was sabotaged by racism from the white officers.  Navajo police
complained that their reports of sightings of the men were ignored.
Local police responded by saying the Navajos "were difficult to work
with."  SWAT teams ran here and there chasing reports that came in
through their sources.
    Searchers found the 17 cache sites marked on a map discovered at one
of the residences, but they had already been cleaned out.  The map had
actually been turned over to the US Army Topographical Intelligence
Division where sites were matched to military maps, which were then
given to the police.
    The mighty Colorado River was effectively closed off to bat traffic,
with rafters pulled to the shore by police and questioned.  A ban on
boating was put into place for a time, but was called off after it began
to impact local economies.
    At the present time, the search has been scaled back significantly.
Blackhawk helicopters make routine patrols over the Colorado/Utah
borders looking for the two surviving masked me.  Rumors are flying in
Colorado, with the latest being that the two are being hidden by local
Editor's (Terry Mitchell's) commentary:  While I do not support the
theft of other people's vehicles, I have a high respect for the
determination of the three to not be stopped.  Had they pooled their
money, all were gainfully employed, and bought a water truck instead of
stealing one, the entire incident would not have happened.  From the
looks of things, the theft was part of their plan to immediately pull
back from the cities and into the desert.  Do they know something we
    Their struggles have revealed something important to all oppressed
victims of the War on Drugs -- the emperor truly wears no clothes.  We
have all heard about how high-tech devices used by the police and
military can "count the kernels on an ear of corn from outer space" and
how their is no longer any place to hide.  Well, this is bullshit.
Those pot smoking gunmen have proven that people can fight the
government  , win, and disappear indefinitely.  Big Brother isn't as
tough as he would have you believe.  "Pay no attention to the man behind
the curtain."
    Terry Mitchell is editor of Revolutionary Times and head of the
Green Panthers, a radical marijuana legalization organization.  The
Green Panthers can be reached at  , at
panthers at eos.net . or at Panthers Press, PO Box 31231, Cincinnati, OH
45231, 513-522-6264, Fax:513-522-6234 .
    The Green Panthers provide free referrals to defense lawyers who
specialize in marijuana defense in all 50 states, among other
    Revolutionary Times is printed by Panthers Press and can be reached
at the above address.  A one-year subscription costs $20.  Other
contributors to Revolutionary Times includes Thomas Chittum, author of
Civil War II:  The Coming Breakup of America , soon to be available in
the UAP Book's "Leaders of the Far Right" section at
 , and available now from UAP Book and is
Amazon.com at
 .
For more anarchist news and information, contact:
    Utopian Anarchist Party
    Post Office Box 12244
    Silver Spring, MD 20908
    uap at overthrow.com

@_date: 1998-10-17 00:28:10
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: Who is next? (re Jim's subpoena) 
Could you mean this....
                First they came for the Communists,
                  and I didn't speak up,
                    because I wasn't a Communist.
                Then they came for the Jews,
                  and I didn't speak up,
                    because I wasn't a Jew.
                Then they came for the Catholics,
                  and I didn't speak up,
                    because I was a Protestant.
                Then they came for me,
                  and by that time there was no one
                    left to speak up for me.
                by Rev. Martin Niemoller, 1945.

@_date: 1998-10-24 18:58:29
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: so, what did Toto *do*, exactly to get locked up? (Re: rules of en 
The fake court, addresses, AP manifesto are all part of one point
being made. There is no threat. Any court can see that (if it doesn't
choose not to). And we do have a system of "reasonable doubt".
Did fake SS alone justify incarceration? Hmmm. Dunno. crypto-anarchy sounds
scary, better be safe...
I have no problem with that. I'll defend Jim Bell's AP rants, the use of
fake courts and addresses to flesh out the details. Peripheral crimes don't
make me ashamed to say "these things here are free speech".
I stated a similar view in a post a while ago about Clinton: that peripheral issues
are irrelevant. My principle was unpopular then, but I hope it gets more support
when looking at Jim/Toto. I'm outraged that mischievous acts would get higher
penalty just because these guys believe in the cypherpunk agenda. Or make unpopular
speech relating to those beliefs.
We also have people who *have* kept their noses clean being harassed. It's an excuse to put some pressure on CDRs. It even had the effect of shaking loose
a lot of the Austin cypherpunks in a nice little divide and conquer action.
And it's likely they have subpoenaed more people than we've heard from.
I just hope they don't subpoena Bill Payne, or we'll receive a copy of it every week for years to come.
Correct that. Waves that will upset the straights and sheeple.
The John Gilmore subpoena was focussed exclusively on cypherpunk email.
Jim Choate confirmed his is much the same. So the focus is on what we've
all seen posted here. Personally, I found them a lot milder than Reeza!'s projection of his suicide fantasies, for instance.
[Toto repost snipped]
Well, there's certainly nothing threatening anyone at whitehouse.gov, which explains
why they aren't prosecuting.
I didn't think there was any credible threat. Even the talk about fighting censorship
by acting in MeatSpace could mean he'll talk to people in person if his internet use
is compromised. That's the way I read it the first time. If it were a threat, who is
it against?
At worst you'd have to talk about Toto as having made a public nuisance. He's already
served more time than that's worth.
Even taking one post out of the Toto stream is misleading. You have to consider the style of writing. Did space aliens really steal his drugs? Or does he speak
in metaphor? If Toto's full of shit, you must acquit.
The only threat is of cypherpunks against the IRS's relevance.

@_date: 1998-10-26 07:34:55
@_author: DOOM Anonymous Untraceable User 
@_subject: so, what did Toto *do*, exactly to get locked up? (Re: rules of en 
That explains it.
Echelon. Also see [*1 below]
remailers are carriers. ECPA says that if you do not review content, you aren't
responsible for it.
Archivers are content providers. They have to make do with a 1st ammendment fig leaf.
What archives are there? There is one in Singapore (outside jurisdiction) and one
at sof.mit.edu that mysteriously went off the air a little while ago. Or was it
something more sinister?
On the topic of ECPA, I did an archive search: (my comments in [])
My question is this: how does he know that the mail is encrypted if he's
not examining the mail that passes through his system? If he *is*
examining the mail that passes through his system, it seems likely that he
is violating the Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
[hey, Jim really is protected. He's not even allowed to read CDR mail.]
BoardWatch Magazine
July 1993
pages 43 - 46
Steve Jackson Games v. US Secret Service
by Peter D. Kennedy
The Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Two provisions of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (or
ECPA) were paramount in the suit. The plaintiffs claimed the
Secret Service violated two provisions -- one prohibiting
unjustified "disclosure and use" of e-mail (18 U.S.C. 2703; the
other prohibiting "interception" of e-mail (18 U.S.C. 22511(1)).
[*1 Interesting. Maybe they have Toto for something intercepted illegally
 and they're trying to find it from another source (by subpoena).]
[re: public domain software on ftp archives]
It matters not, IMHO, since an ftp archive site qualifies as a library
open to the public.

@_date: 1998-09-09 16:18:55
@_author: User of DOOM 
@_subject: No Subject 
> I think a radio network linked to the Amateur networks sending
  > secure packets, using tunneling or maybe just encrypted traffic
FCC regulations prohibit amateur radio services from carrying either
encrypted OR commercial traffic.  Either of these restrictions makes
amateur radio networks useless for CP purposes.  And hams are very
diligent at self-enforcement, often devoting hundreds of man-hours to
track down a single unlicenced operator.
Anyone who wishes to establish a network that may -- at any point in
its life -- have to operate outside the "law" (whatever THAT happens
to be at the time) will be well advised to steer clear of the amateur
radio community.

@_date: 1998-09-17 02:31:28
@_author: User of DOOM 
@_subject: Predictions: Crime and Criminal Justice in the 21st Century 
Predictions: Crime and Criminal Justice in the 21st Century
1.	The United States will experience a significant economic recession/crisis very close to the turn of the Century.
2.	As the large pool of young people born in the early 1990s become teenagers and young adults, there will be a dramatic increase in violent crime around the year 2005-2010.
3.	America will experience sporadic civil disorders/riots in many of its urban areas during the next 10-15 years -- much of it related to racial/ethnic problems.
4.	Terrorist acts by "fringe"/special issue groups will increase at a significant rate -- becoming a major law enforcement and security problem.
5.	As faith in the criminal justice system declines, there will be a rise in vigilante-based incidents where citizens take the enforcement of crime problems into their own hands.
6.	Much of middle- and upper-class America will take a "retreatist" attitude and move into private high-security communities located in suburban or rural areas. Because of technological advances, many companies and corporations will also move out of the urban environments as well.
7.	Due to many of the predictions listed above, much of law enforcement and security in the 21st Century will become privatized and contractual. Traditional law enforcement agencies will primarily serve urban and rural communities.
8.	Law enforcement will evolve into two major and divergent roles: traditional law enforcement and a more specialized military tactical role to deal with the growing urban violance and terrorist incidents.
9.	Significant violence and unrest will plague our nation's prisons. Major prison riots will become a regular occurrence.
10.	With the decrease of the possibility of major global warfare, the United States military will take on an increased domestic "peace-keeping" role with America's law enforcement

@_date: 1998-09-22 11:10:19
@_author: User of DOOM 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Understandable sentiments. The position I can't understand is Jim's,
of being totally outraged by the lieing under oath regardless of anything else.
[although I respect his right to that opinion].
Unfortunately, you now wear the mantle of wanting to put away
Bill "Al Capone" Klinton not for tax evasion, but for "fibbing".
