
@_date: 1995-08-06 19:45:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FC's Typs? (NewsClip) 
FBI may have partial set of Unabomber's prints
Washington, Aug. 6 (Reuter) -- The FBI may have a partial set
of fingerprints from the elusive Unabomber, now considered the
country's most wanted man, Newsweek magazine reported Sunday.
The partial set of prints, lifted from an explosive device
mailed several years ago, were uncovered with newly available
forensic technology, the magazine said.
While not certain the fingerprints belong to the serial
bomber, the report said federal agents believe that
identifying the prints could lead them to the Unabomber, whose
letter bombs have killed three people and injured 23 others
over 17 years.
Federal agents are seeking the bomber by looking for machines
he might use to construct his home-made pipe bombs, and are
trying to track the manual typewriter used to write the
bomber's lengthy anti-technology manifestos, Newsweek

@_date: 1995-08-07 12:35:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: www remailer interface 
Please check out the new www remailer interface at It is based on nate's code with one addition for security
and contains info from other places.
I would appreciate some visits and comments/criticisms
before I place it in the general population.  Again,
give it a thorough test because I want it to be good and secure for me and those using it.
It's in its final testing phase (mainly because I haven't
got the news instructions just the way I want them) and
will be set to go soon.  I am, of course, sending this message through the page.
Michael Hobbs
dochobbs at wwa.com

@_date: 1995-08-11 19:45:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Euro Comm Adopts Privacy Directive (NewsClip) 
European Commission Adopts Privacy Directive
Brussels, Aug. 11, -- The European Commission is now well on
its way towards affording a high level of protection to
personal data held on computer systems, following the formal
adoption of a Directive on the protection of personal data,
Newsbytes has learned.
"I am pleased that this important measure, which will ensure
a high level of protection for the privacy of individuals in
all Member States, has been adopted with a very wide measure
of agreement within the Council and European Parliament," said
EC Single Market Commissioner Mario Monti, announcing the
According to Monti, the Directive will also help to ensure the
free flow of information society services in the "Single
Market" by "fostering consumer confidence and minimizing
differences between member states' rules."
"Moreover, the text agreed includes special provisions for
journalists, which reconcile the right to privacy with freedom
of expression," he said, adding that the member states must
transpose the Directive within three years (i.e., write it
into their own legislation), "but I sincerely hope that they
will take the necessary measures without waiting for the
deadline to expire so as to encourage the investment required
for the information society to become a reality."
Monti claims that the Directive will establish a "clear and
stable" regulatory framework necessary to guarantee free
movement of personal data, while leaving individual EU
countries room for maneuver in the way the Directive is
According to the Directive, free movement of data is
particularly important for all services with a large customer
base and depending on processing personal data, such as
distance selling and financial services.
In practice, however, banks and insurance companies process
large quantities of personal data on such highly sensitive
issues as credit ratings and credit-worthiness. If each member
state had its own set of rules on data protection, for
example, on how data subjects could verify the information
held on them, cross-border provision of services, notably over
the information superhighways, would be virtually impossible
and this extremely valuable new market opportunity would be
lost, the EC claims.
According to the EC, the Directive aims to narrow divergences
between national data protection laws to the extent necessary
to remove obstacles to the free movement of personal data
within the EU. As a result, any person whose data is processed
in the EC will be afforded an equivalent level of protection
of his rights, in particular his right to privacy,
irrespective of the member state where the processing is
carried out.
The EC claims that, until now, differences between national
data protection laws have resulted in obstacles to transfers
of personal data between EC member states, even when these
countries have ratified the 1981 Council of Europe Convention
on personal data protection. This has been a particular
problem, the EC notes, for multinational companies wishing to
transfer data concerning their employees between their
operations in different member states.
According to the Commission, such obstacles to data transfers
could seriously impede the future growth of information
society services.
The Directive establishes the principle of "fairness," so that
a collection of data should be as transparent as possible,
giving individuals the option of whether they provide the
information or not.
The Directive requires all data processing to have a proper
legal basis. The legal grounds defined in the Directive are:
consent, contract, legal obligation, vital interest of the
data subject, and the balance between the legitimate interests
of the people controlling the data and the people on whom data
is held (i.e., data subjects). This balance gives member
states room for maneuver in their implementation and
application of the Directive, the Commission claims.
Press & Reader Contact: European Commission, +32-299-1111

@_date: 1995-08-17 01:25:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SmartCash 
Alliance formed to develop first nationwide smart card
New York, Aug. 16 (Reuters) - The United States is a step closer to cashless commerce.
Fourteen banks and financial instutions said Wednesday
that they will form a company to develop and issue the
first debit card that can be used nationwide instead of
cash for purchases under $20.
The new company, to be called SmartCash, will help speed
the implementation of so-called "smart card" technology
that uses a micro-processor chip embedded in the card to
store vast amounts of information, including improved
security features.
"The chip gives the card an amazing abitity to contain
stored information," said Nancy Elder, a spokeswoman for
MasterCard International Inc., one of the companies
participating in the creation of SmartCash.
In addition to Mastercard International, other founding
companies include Banc One Corp., Bank of America,
Chemical Bank Corp., CoreStates Financial Corp.,
NationsBank Corp. and Wachovia Corp. However,
participation in SmartCash will be open to all U.S.
financial institutions and card providers, the companies
"SmartCash represents a shared vision and a shared
commitment to deliver the increased convenience,
flexibility and efficiency of electronic cash to U.S.
consumers, merchants and banks," said Hatim Tyabji,
chairman of VeriFone Inc., a pioneer in stored value
technology and another founder of SmartCash.
The SmartCash card also will be standardised with similar
efforts already underway for smart cards developed by
credit card companies Europay, MasterCard and Visa.
"Standardized specifications are all woven into the
process. If you use your card in New York, it will be the
same as if you use it on the West Coast," Elder said.
The stored value application, one of the many uses of the
card's embedded chip, enables funds from the cardholder's
bank or credit-card account to be loaded into the card
from an automated teller machine or from one of the
terminals now under developement specifically for the
SmartCash card.
Elder said the companies have not identified what the
cost to the consumer would be, but noted, "the consumer
is going to have to see the value in it for them to want
to use it."
She also said there was a potential for the card to be
expanded for use by those without bank accounts, who
could credit the card in person at various locations.
Elder added that the demand for such a versatile card was
the driving force behind the broad alliance of companies
already signed on to the SmartCash plan.
"Sixty percent of consumers surveyed in the U.S. said
they would be willing to switch banks to get the use of
stored value (cards)," Elder said.
Amy Brinkley, executive vice president at NationsBank,
said the venture showed "unprecedented industry
cooperation to develop an innovative financial product."
SmartCash will combine assets and staff of the founding
companies and pursue technology being developed by
MasterCard, VeriFone, Electronic Payment Services Inc.,
and privately held Gemplus.
A pilot programme is already under development in
Delaware that will be overseen by Wilmington Trust and
Electronic Payment and other regional pilot programmes
were likely to spring up around the country next year,
Elder said.

@_date: 1995-08-23 01:35:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MD5 in DOS 
im looking for a md5 binary that will run on dos.  can anyone give me a pointer?

@_date: 1995-08-30 18:13:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ajax 
A source for links to the Intelligence Community:
URL:                          AJAX
      UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONAL GOVERNMENT
        MILITARY AND INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ACCESS
Last update: 16 AUG 95. All accesses verified at time of
Certain locations or sections thereof may be closed to
unauthorized use. Please read access warnings, if any,
and abide by them.
United States Government Intelligence and Law Enforcement
Agency Servers
   ATF (Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms)
   BOP (Federal Bureau of Prisons)
   CIA (Central Intelligence Agency)
   COPNET
   FBI (Federal Bureau of Investigation)
   FINCEN (Federal Crimes Enforcement Network)
   FLETC (Federal Law Enforcement Training Center)
   HEROES (U.S. Department of State Diplomatic Security
      Service Counter-Terrorism Rewards Program)
   MARSHALS (U.S. Marshals Service)
   NLETC (National Law Enforcement Technology Center)
   SS (Secret Service)
United States Military Branch Servers
   NATGUARD (Army and Air National Guards)
   USA (United States Army)
   USAF (United States Air Force)
   USCG (United States Coast Guard)
   USMC (United States Marine Corps)
   USN (United States Navy)
United States Military & Defense Agency Servers
   ACC (Air Combat Command)
   AFIN (U.S. Air Force InterNet)
   AFOS1 (1st Security Police Squadron, Langley Air Force
      Base)
   CHIEFS (Joint Chiefs of Staff)
   DEFENSE (Defense Department)
   DISA (Defense Information Systems Agency)
   DRMS (Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service)
   NEW (8/16/95)
   DTIC (Defense Technical Information Center)
   NAVWAN (Naval Aviation Systems Team Wide Area Network)
   NAWCWPNS (Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Division)
   NCS (National Communications System)
   NSWC (Naval Surface Warfare Center)
United States Military & Defense Laboratory Servers
   AHPCRC (Army High Performance Computing Research
      Center)
   ARPA (Advanced Research Projects Agency)
   BMDO (Ballistic Missile Defense Organization Test Data
      Centers)
   LABLINK (U.S. Department of Defense Laboratory System)
   NRL (The Naval Research Laboratory)
   RL (USAF Rome Laboratory for C41 Technology)
International Intelligence and Law Enforcement Agency
   FORENSICS (The Forensic Web, Canada)
   UKPFW (UK Police and Forensic Web)
   RSB (Home Office Research and Statistics Department,
      UK)
   UNCPCJ (United Nations Crime Prevention & Criminal
      Justice)
NATO and International Military Agency Servers
   DRA (Defence Research Agency, United Kingdom)
   DREO (Defense Research Establishment, Ottawa, Canada)
   NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization)
   SACLANT (Supreme Allied Commander, Atlantic)
United States Regulatory Agency Servers
   EPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency)
   FAA (Federal Aviation Administration Technical Center)
   FCC (Federal Communications Commission)
   FTC (Federal Trade Commission)
   NRC (Nuclear Regulatory Commission)
   SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission)
United States Government Agency Servers
   CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)
   CENSUS (U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of the
      Census)
   CONGRESS (U.S. House of Representatives)
   CUSTOMS (U.S. Customs Service)
   DHHS (U.S. Department of Health and Human Services)
   DOE (U.S. Department of Energy National Laboratories
      & Programs)
   DOSFAN (Department of State Foreign Affairs Network)
   EXECUTIVE (The White House)
   FDIC (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation)
   FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency)
   GPO (U.S. Government Printing Office)
   GSA (U.S. General Services Administration)
   HPCC (NOAA High Performance Computing and
      Communications)
   IRS (Internal Revenue Service)
   JUSTICE (Justice Department)
   NARA (National Archives and Records Administration)
   NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration)
   NIMH (National Institute of Mental Health)
   NOAA (National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration)
   NSF (National Science Foundation)
   NTIS (National Technical Information Service)
   SBA (Small Business Administration)
   NEW (8/16/95)         SEL (Space Environment Laboratory)
   TREASURY (Treasury Department)
   USCODE (U.S. House of Representatives Internet Law
      Library U.S. Code)
   AJAX maintained and monitored by Sagal Computer
   Systems.
   E-Mail suggestions, additions, comments or corrections
   to sagal at interport.net

@_date: 1995-12-25 07:15:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: X-Mas-Pisswords 
Pseudonymous confusion.
S. Boxx and Sue D. Nym (and some others with short duration)
are proven historical nyms of Larry (Lance) Detweiler.
Vladimir S. Nuri is the going suspected (proven?) tentacle;
some believe he is Larry's better self. Dimitri Vulis seems
closely related letter-wise.
Alice originally drew attention when claiming that he had
found a 'huge hole' in Netscape (if configured to run
Postscript code). Alice (now with a penet address) is
claiming to be a Canadian and has knowledge supporting
that claim (according to other Canadians on the list).
He is still attacking Netscape (and ATT) now and then,
in between political causeries.
The obvious other Alice('s) posted for a short period
mainly to make a point about signatures.
Fred Cohen once(?) had a reputation as a virus expert,
being on the panel of various security conferences.
He has since obviously made many enemies on the firewall
list, and now also on this list. He is not a Canadian(?).
He shares Alice's concern for Postscript (and JAVA) on
the WWW but does not come anyway near Alice in political
(occasionally rather funny) muck-raking.
Analysis of writing styles clearly outdistance Larry (Nuri,
Vulis) from (the Canadian) Alice. Fred and Alice are not
as easy to separate, especially when they are flaming, but
probably they are not the same.

@_date: 1995-07-11 17:35:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: proxy down? 
Recent attempts to use the AOL proxy service have failed (it
used to work perfectly). Anybody else notice this?
Is anybody running a proxy2proxy setup?

@_date: 1995-07-19 07:25:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Secure Courier and Amex Card 
Mountain View, Ca., July 18 -- With the support of Intuit
   and MasterCard International, Netscape Communications has
   announced Secure Courier, an open, cross-platform digital
   envelope. The new protocol allows secure transfer of credit
   card, debit card and micro-transactions across the
   Internet.
   Secure Courier is an open, cross-platform protocol, meaning
   it will operate in Macintosh, Windows, and Unix operating
   environments common to Internet traffic. Specifications for
   this new protocol are currently available from Netscape's
   World Wide Web site at
       .
   _________________________________________________________
   New York, NY, July 18 -- American Express' Travel Related
   Services Company said it is establishing relationships with
   four technology companies for secure Internet credit card
   transactions using the American Express card and the Optima
   card.
   The four companies involved, CyberCash, First Virtual
   Holdings, Netscape Communications Corporation, and Open
   Market, have different ways of securing transactions over
   The Internet's World Wide Web.

@_date: 1995-07-20 09:35:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Plan 9 OS  (NewsClip) 
AT&T Launches Plan 9 Operating System
Murray Hill, NJ, July 19 -- AT&T has announced a new
distributed operating system, called Plan 9. The new system
was developed by some of the same people who created the Unix
operating system, and the terms on which AT&T is making it
available are reminiscent of Unix, but the company stressed
that Plan 9 is not Unix.
Named for the cult science fiction movie Plan 9 From Outer
Space, the Plan 9 operating system is designed to work well on
networked computers. It has components for "terminals," or
desktop systems, for file servers, and for central processing
unit (CPU) servers.
Plan 9 is designed to deal with multiprocessing systems as CPU
servers. It supports four major hardware architectures: Intel
Corp.'s x86 line (including the Pentium chip), MIPS Computer
Systems Inc. processors, Sun Microsystems Inc. SPARC chips,
and Motorola Inc.'s 68020 and 68040 processors.
During simultaneous press conferences in Murray Hill and San
Francisco, connected by a teleconference link, Rob Pike, one
of the Plan 9 developers, said the new system is meant to
combine some of the advantages of Unix with some of those of
low-cost hardware. "We basically started by noticing some
things that we liked and didn't like about Unix and liked and
didn't like about workstations," Pike said.
Pike stressed that while Plan 9 borrows some ideas from Unix,
it is quite different and is not compatible with Unix. He went
on to say that AT&T does not expect Plan 9 to compete with
major commercial operating systems such as Unix and Microsoft
Corp.'s Windows NT. "This is not the next Unix," Pike said.
It appears in fact that the most promising commercial market
for Plan 9 might be in embedded systems. During the press
conference, AT&T researchers and officials repeatedly
mentioned the possibility that Plan 9 might be built into
consumer devices and other intelligent electronic devices, an
area where no standard operating system predominates today.
AT&T plans to make Plan 9 available for commercial licensing
to other vendors for an initial fee of $200,000, plus per-copy
fees that will amount to 20 percent of the resale price of
commercial software or two percent of the selling price of
hardware with Plan 9 built in, said Paul Fillinich, marketing
manager for AT&T's Software Solutions operation.
Single copies of Plan 9 will also be available for research
and educational use, but Fillinich stressed that the company
will not provide technical support. "We will replace the media
should it fail," he said. For commercial licensees there may
be some sort of support in the future. "We are contemplating
this," Fillinich said. "However, we haven't decided what the
offering will be."
Publisher Harcourt Brace & Co. will distribute Plan 9 for
AT&T. The full package, including a CD-ROM, four diskettes,
and two manuals, will cost $350. The manuals are available on
their own for $125.
Apparently wishing to avoid a repeat of the way Unix
splintered into many different versions, AT&T is specifying
that while source code for Plan 9 will be made available to
research and educational users, any changes they make will
become AT&T's property so that they can be incorporated in the
base code. "We want only one Plan 9," Fillinich said. "We
think the industry wants only one Plan 9."
The minimum hardware needed to run Plan 9 is an Intel 386
processor with eight megabytes (MB) of memory and 40MB of
available hard disk space, said Phil Winterbottom, another of
the Plan 9 developers. An optimal arrangement would include a
dedicated file server and multiple desktop terminals, he
Further information about Plan 9 is available on AT&T's
Plan 9 home page on the World Wide Web, at

@_date: 1995-07-26 08:05:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Economist on Data Deluge (NewsClip) 
The Economist, July 22, 1995, pp. 77-78.
Data communications: Deluged
The World Wide Web, as its fans will tell you, lives up to its
name. This realm of the Internet lets you visit "home pages"
in Bangkok one moment and Bridlington the next. Yet bringing
home souvenirs is another matter. To pull all the nice goodies
on offer back to his own machine, the home Internaut must
squeeze them down a telephone wire. That slows things down,
sometimes a lot; this correspondent took two hours to download
100 seconds of the film "Interview with a Vampire". There must
be better ways to bring home the data.
There are. One is the cables that deliver television to two
out of three American homes. Companies such as Intel, General
Instruments and Zenith Electronics have been rushing to
perfect "cable modems" that squirt data into a personal
computer at speeds up to 4m bits per second -- 140 times
faster than the speediest telephone modems (28,800 bits per
second) used with PCs. But cable modems must wait for the
cable-TV companies to rewire their networks with two-way
connections; at the moment, cable TV is largely one way. Cable
companies such as Tele-Communications Inc, Viacom and Cox
expect to offer data connections with TV services within a
Some Internet surfers are not prepared to wait that long. For
the past three months, some data-junkies in America have been
downloading from the sky. Hughes, having laid down a challenge
to the cable companies with its DirecTV satellite broadcasting
system, which is currently providing 150 channels to 500,000
subscribers, is now laying down another. Hughes Network
Systems of Germantown, Maryland, is offering a satellite
service called Direcrc that can beam down data to a subscriber
at a rate of 400,000 bits a second -- enough to transmit a
400-page document in less than a minute. With moderate
compression techniques, that would easily allow real-time
For $995, the DirecPC customer gets a 61-centimetre (24-inch)
satellite dish, a coaxial cable, an adapter that fits inside
an IBM-type PC and the relevant software. Once installed,
subscribers pay $15.95 to download up to 30 megabytes of data
a month (which is a lot of text, but not much video). The
speed is many times faster than a special digital ISDN line
from the telephone company, and the initial cost less (though
with the ISDN line time is the only limit on the amount of
data downloaded). For an extra $24 a DirecPC customer can get
up to 130 megabytes a month.
The cable-TV companies are spending $7,000 or more a mile
(over $4,000 a kilometre) to make their cables funnel data out
as well as television in. Hughes has sidestepped this problem.
Subscribers send data out -- generally small bursts to request
information, transmit messages and the like -- through a
normal telephone modem. These few bytes can trigger a torrent
of returned data, taking the fast route to a Hughes ground
station, which beams it to a Galaxy IV communications
satellite in geosynchronous orbit. From there it is
retransmitted to the subscriber's mini-dish.
Apart from reaching the Internet and other online services
such as news, electronic shopping, stockmarket prices and
sports results, Hughes plans to use DirecPC and its successors
to distribute large packages of data on behalf of commercial
customers -- acting, in effect, as the Federal Express of the
digital world. The company has already signed a deal with IBM
to deliver software by satellite direct to shops, where it
will be replicated on disks or CD-ROMS at the customer's
request. Using better equipment, Hughes reckons it should have
no difficulty delivering digital packages at up to 2m bits a
Sooner or later, the cable-TV companies will lick the "back
haul" problem. Then, one-way satellite systems such as DirecPC
may find themselves squeezed out of the business -- unless
they, too, offer subscribers the chance to talk back with a
mouth as big as their ears. Hughes has plans to allow such
interchanges through a system called Spaceway. Satellites with
huge antennae would pick up messages from little dishes and
relay them to other little dishes, allowing high
data-transmission rates all over the world. The company, with
a touch of hype, calls it an "information super skyway".

@_date: 1995-07-29 01:15:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hello.public mixmaster access 
would some kind soul make available MIXMASTER client thru telnet????
of course less security but Some of us dont have Unix Access So it would Help!!
as long as Reasonable Care is Taken it should be Safe Enuff?for Most uses?
Making Client default shell For a Guest User would be Easy and Safe!and
Client stay on That Host so No Exporting Done!so Someone Please!!
10x all!!

@_date: 1995-07-29 02:05:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: First Virtual, Nathaniel Boorenstein 
Mr. Borenstein's text production rate is truly amazing.  We should
induct him into the Internet Hall-of-Fame immediately.
He rivals Kibo in his ability to detect messages about himself or his
company.  He rivals Sternlight in his ability to generate endless
streams of minor points.
Crypto-relevance: 1) What technique could be used to differentiate Boorenstein's rants
from automatic rant generator output?  Has First Virtual done this?
If someone wanted to generate a Borenstein rant-generator, god knows
that there's enough low-entropy sample material out there.
2) If you're looking for keywords to insert into your M-x
spook-the-spooks generator, try Borenstein and First Virtual.

@_date: 1995-11-13 10:26:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "conspiracypunks" 
May have been silenced, but the Slick criminality story
continues apace, and it's fitting that the most Nixonian
president since Tricky himself should have a "Deep Throat,"
no matter how some of you feel about Orlin, who is, BTW,
doing thejob the media claims to be responsible for.
[Don't Flame C2]
