
@_date: 1994-12-01 21:16:41
@_author: nobody at rahul.net 
@_subject: DETWEILER IS SPOOFING US!!! 
HE IS AT IT AGAIN!!! I know that the anonymous messages are
obvious, but in fact I think detweiler is posting ALL KINDS OF
TENTACLE GRAMS UNDER THE "MANDATORY SIGNATURE" THREAD UNDER VARIOUS ADDRESSES, mounting a flamewar of Detweilerian STOP POSTING UNDER THIS THREAD IMMEDIATELY!!! you are PLAYING
INTO DETWEILER'S PLOY OF BRINGING CHAOS, ANARCHY AND DISUNITY TO THE CYPHERPUNK LIST!!! he is posting the messages that
look "reasonable" but are really SUBTLE FLAMEBAIT. have you
noticed all the unusual people posting lately??? they are
DETWEILER TENTACLES!!!!

@_date: 1995-01-02 09:25:20
@_author: nobody at rahul.net 
@_subject: Exporting cryptographic materials, theory vs. practice 
Matt has a good story, and the lesson that he draws, that presently the
average person can't follow the rules, seems valid.  But I don't see the
point of the proposals to replicate his experiment.
Doesn't Matt's experience really show simply that not enough people try
to follow the rules, so the agencies aren't set up yet to make it
easy?  Is it our goal to change this, to get Customs to streamline
their operation so that everyone really does register their crypto
equipment on travels overseas?  It seems to me we are better off with
the present informal system where you can actually use crypto overseas
without worrying much.
I could see a system where you routinely fill out and have your card
stamped when you check your luggage to show that you are carrying crypto.
Then you turn it in when you come back.  This might not be too different
from what you do now when you declare items you are taking out and
bringing back to show they are free of customs duties.  How does this
advance the CP cause?

@_date: 1995-01-21 16:41:42
@_author: nobody at rahul.net 
@_subject: transient guerrilla remailers 
If c2.org can offer RIAB accounts on a pre-paid basis, what's to
stop people interested in the cause from paying anonymously,
setting up the RIAB, and just walking away? When the pre-paid period
expires, the remailer goes away. If the RIAB package could communicate
its existence and impending death to the pinging and verification services, the transient nature of remailers wouldn't be a problem. It would be hard
to harass an unknown walkaway remailer operator who has no involvement
with the day to day operations. If Tim's theory of isolating the
responsibilities of the remailer operator and the site owner are held to
be valid, c2.org would be off the hook. After all, c2.org didn't actually
set up the remailer, John Doe did. Finding JD would be impossible from
a practical standpoint, and since the remailer only lived for a few months,
the motive to find and attack it is less. . . a true "Guerrilla" RIAB.

@_date: 1995-01-25 14:50:45
@_author: nobody at rahul.net 
@_subject: Modem Tax!--Write to FCC Commmissioner Craig Shergold 
a driver who flashes their headlights at them, as part of an initiation rite. I know it's true: Klaus! told me so in private e-mail. Is there any verification of this? I'm frightened...
CryptNet Franchise 0x6969
