
@_date: 2011-07-27 19:52:08
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Military chip crypto cracked with power-analysis 
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-12-06 16:45:58
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] OT: Traffic sensor flaw that could allow driver 
It's amazing where these defects show up. I think Morris was right
with his three laws.
I also believe this was an direct application of "Mining Your Ps and
Qs: Detection of Widespread Weak Keys in Network Devices." The same
authors are responsible for the paper, the advisory and the proof of
concept against the traffic system.
Mobile security involves more than just keeping one's personal devices
secure from hacks or other exploits. Threats can also come from the
technology government uses to track and manage traffic flow.
The Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) Industrial Control Systems
Cyber Emergency Response Team (ICS-CERT) issued an alert last week
over a vulnerability that it said impacts Post Oak Traffic AWAM
Bluetooth Reader Systems. The system collects data from drivers who
are using Bluetooth equipment, and uses it to calculate their speed
and determine traffic conditions on a particular highway or road.
The alert said "insufficient entropy," or insecure encryption, in
those roadway sensors could allow an attacker to impersonate the
device, "obtain the credentials of administrative users and
potentially perform a Man-in-the-Middle attack."
"This could allow the attacker to gain unauthorized access to the
system and read information on the device, as well as inject data
compromising the integrity of the data," the alert said.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-02-02 14:16:07
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] OT: Key Internet [DNS] operator VeriSign hit by 
(Reuters) - VeriSign Inc, the company in charge of delivering people
safely to more than half the world's websites, has been hacked
repeatedly by outsiders who stole undisclosed information from the
leading Internet infrastructure company.
The previously unreported breaches occurred in 2010 at the Reston,
Virginia-based company, which is ultimately responsible for the
integrity of Web addresses ending in .com, .net and .gov.
The VeriSign attacks were revealed in a quarterly U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission filing in October that followed new guidelines on
reporting security breaches to investors. It was the most striking
disclosure to emerge in a review by Reuters of more than 2,000
documents mentioning breach risks since the SEC guidance was
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-02-06 15:01:13
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Donbt trust satellite phones b The GMR-1 and GMR-2 ciphers have been broken 
Today, February 2nd 2012, Benedikt Driessen and Ralf Hund gave a very
interesting talk at Ruhr UniversitC$t Bochum about their work on
satellite phone security. In a nutshell, they were able to reverse
engineer and to break the secret ciphers used in many satellite phone
systems, namely the GMR-1 and the GMR-2 ciphers.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-02-22 21:22:03
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Bitcoin in endgame 
Someone should have given Nancy Pelosi a chunk of BitCoin, or cut the
Wall Street bankers in on it.
The IPO offering/insider trading to Pelosi by VISA worked wonders when
legislation was on the floor to protect consumers. Pelosi happily
blocked the legislation, and the value of her stake in IPO skyrocketed
[1]. I would also argue the Wall Street Bankers would have been happy
to legitmize BitCoin if they got a cut (confer: derivatives).
[1] cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-07-18 16:37:29
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Mining Your Ps and Qs: Detection of Widespread Weak 
More results on weak keys (it looks more comprehensive than results
from the EFFbs SSL Observatory). The authors also do a nice job on the
Linux Random Number Generator in Section 5.1.
RSA and DSA can fail catastrophically when used with malfunctioning
random number generators, but the extent to which these problems arise
in practice has never been comprehensively studied at Internet scale.
We perform the largest ever network survey of TLS and SSH servers and
present evidence that vulnerable keys are surprisingly widespread. We
find that 0.75% of TLS certificates share keys due to insufficient
entropy during key generation, and we suspect that another 1.70% come
from the same faulty implementations and may be susceptible to
compromise. Even more alarmingly, we are able to obtain RSA private
keys for 0.50% of TLS hosts and 0.03% of SSH hosts, because their
public keys shared nontrivial common factors due to entropy problems,
and DSA private keys for 1.03% of SSH hosts, because of insufficient
signature randomness. We cluster and investigate the vulnerable hosts,
finding that the vast majority appear to be headless or embedded
devices. In experiments with three software components commonly used
by these devices, we are able to reproduce the vulnerabilities and
identify specific software behaviors that induce them, including a
boot-time entropy hole in the Linux random number generator. Finally,
we suggest defenses and draw lessons for developers, users, and the
security community.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-03-28 23:39:00
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] [OT] Reworked Version of Stuxnet Relative Duqu Found 
Hi Guys,
    Duqu's builders also changed its encryption algorithm and
    rigged the malware loader to pose as a Microsoft driver.
    (The old driver was signed with a stolen Microsoft certificate.)
Is the stolen certificate related to Diginotar or some other incident?
Microsoft claims Diginotar issued certificates are inert
Perhaps "Stolen encryption key the source of compromised certificate
problem, Symantec says,"
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-11-24 18:46:35
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] OT: Data Breaches, Class Actions, and Future Harm 
It appears plaintiffs cannot enjoin in a class action for compensation
for monitoring services after a breach. "Do nothing" is still cost
effective for those who fail in their responsibilities.
"Allegations of future harm: First, there are allegations of future
harmbi.e., plaintiffs said they would have to bspend money to bprotect
their privacybb. (quotations in original) The court says (citing to
Pisciotta and Ruiz v. Gap) that these are not cognizable damages."
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-10-20 21:41:42
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] OT: Why Eve and Mallory Love Android: An Analysis of 
Hot off the presses (but its not limited to Android): "Why Eve and
Mallory Love Android: An Analysis of Android SSL (In)Security",
 Or
should it be "The Case for Public Key Pinning"?
"...The most common approach to protect data during communication on
the Android platform is to use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or
Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols. To evaluate the state of SSL
use in Android apps, we downloaded 13,500 popular free apps from
Googlebs Play Market and studied their properties with respect to the
usage of SSL. In particular, we analyzed the appsb vulnerabilities
against Man-in-the-Middle (MITM) attacks due to the inadequate or
incorrect use of SSL.
For this purpose, we created MalloDroid, an Androguard extension that
performs static code analysis to a) analyze the networking API calls
and extract valid HTTP(S) URLs from the decompiled apps; b) check the
validity of the SSL certificates of all extracted HTTPS hosts; and c)
identify apps that contain API calls that differ from Androidbs
default SSL usage, e.g., contain non-default trust managers, SSL
socket factories or hostname verifiers with permissive verification
strategies. Based on the results of the static code analysis, we
selected 100 apps for manual audit to investigate various forms of SSL
use and misuse: accepting all SSL certificates, allowing all hostnames
regardless of the certificatebs Common Name (CN), neglecting
precautions against SSL stripping, trusting all available Certificate
Authorities (CAs), not using SSL pinning, and misinforming users about
SSL usage."
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-10-31 18:23:57
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Application Layer Encryption Protocols Tuned for 
Hi All,
Is anyone aware of of application layer encryption protocols with
session management tuned for use on cellular networks? I need FIPS
compliant ciphers, but that should be an implementation detail (I
mention it because of setup and cipher text expansions).
I have an application that performs classic Diffie-Hellman to key an
channel using AES/CBC (or AES/CTR) with an HMAC, providing message
level security. (it was written some time ago, before OpenSSL had
Authenticated Encryption modes). The channel includes a counter for
playbacks and insertions. So far, so good - its Crypto 101 stuff.
The problem in practice is TCP/IP and later generation cellular
networks (especially 4G and the "All IP" implementations). All appears
OK when moving among cells if the IP address is forwarded and the
device remains connected. All hell breaks loose when a device looses
connectivity or gets a new IP. A device could get a new IP as users
move between service providers.
It appears the TCP/IP stack on both sides (device and server within
the carriers network) will queue messages when device connectivity is
lost. But the TCP/IP stack continues to operate as if all is
succeeding. So neither the client nor server realize there are
problems with underlying the socket. Its leading to a lot of session
management problems, including excessive resource usage.
In addition, I have an option to allow only one session per user (for
paranoid folks). When the previous session does not die as expected, a
new session cannot be started. Here, the device might realize the
socket is really dead, but the server has not realized it yet because
of the tricks that are being played in the TCP/IP stack on the server
side. So the client tries to reconnect but the server refuses due to
the "one session" rule.
The problem is not isolated to my application. On the train from
Washington to New York, it wreaks havoc on the VPN software I use. I
often get my account suspended due to fraud triggers (reconnects and
changing IPs). Ditto when using Acela's onboard WifFi and trying to
maintain an SSL/TLS connection to GMail.
TLDR: Is anyone aware of of application layer encryption protocols
with session management tuned for use on cellular networks?
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-09-09 17:05:00
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Mobile Traffic Interception (SSL/TLS and VPN) 
Hi M.
Anything wireless is in scope - Cellular radios, WiFi, Bluetooth, etc.
I'm really interested in mobile devices which spend most of their time
outside a logical security boundary of an organization.
I agree that wireless suffers the same problems as wired. But I think
the surface area increased disproportionately. With landlines between
floors (or perhaps a leased line to/from a datacenter), I usually have
some sort of physical security.
In wireless, I don't have many of the assurances (how effective they
are in a wired environment is a different story). A bad guy could set
up a Wifi access point or base station, and my phone or tablet will
happily camp to it. Plus, phones and tablets often come pre-loaded
with certificates from OEMs and carriers (if they are burned into ROM,
I probably can't manage them). And there is the customary law
enforcement taps (x2 since both the wireless carriers and telcos
likely provide them). Finally, there's WAP which places the MitM by
Verbum sapienti.
In short, I know the problems exist in the mobile arena, and I'm
looking for the published results.
2g/3g/4g types ? i am not aware of papers but based on personal experiments
wifi/wimax environment is almost identical to wired networks on this issue but
Xg's and satellite networks have many different factors including the strong
country/region based regulations , vendor/operator related demands on
customizing application processor OS ( assuming it is the one that handles SSL
) and the update scenario and strategy based on operator or client choices ,
jailbreak related issues , etc could have impacts on SSL security . i've got
many cellphones in lab that have vast difference in trusted authorities , how
to handle CRL update , offers of OTA ,etc . essentially , examining Xg's
traffics , whether it is Voice , Signaling or Data ( includes IP stuff like
SSL ) is by no mean a friendly job . this is why projects like openbts are
important . two typical remote attacks are 1.silent change in os by modifying
updates which could be done by hacking into the operator which is , trust me ,
an easy job 2.using a GSM-style active interception and impersonating the
network as a whole , then proceed with evil activities using tricks , fishing
, bugs , enforced redirects to metasploit-like infected pages . over all , if
somebody thinks SSL offers security , and she wants to asses if to use the
first environment or the second , i'd suggest the 1st .
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820  8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE

@_date: 2012-09-27 17:49:33
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Inappropriate Use of Adobe Code Signing Certificate 
We recently received two malicious utilities that appeared to be
digitally signed using a valid Adobe code signing certificate. The
discovery of these utilities was isolated to a single source. As soon
as we verified the signatures, we immediately decommissioned the
existing Adobe code signing infrastructure and initiated a forensics
investigation to determine how these signatures were created. We have
identified a compromised build server with access to the Adobe code
signing infrastructure. We are proceeding with plans to revoke the
certificate and publish updates for existing Adobe software signed
using the impacted certificate. This only affects the Adobe software
signed with the impacted certificate that runs on the Windows platform
and three Adobe AIR applications* that run on both Windows and
Macintosh. The revocation does not impact any other Adobe software for
Macintosh or other platforms.
Sophisticated threat actors use malicious utilities like the signed
samples during highly targeted attacks for privilege escalation and
lateral movement within an environment following an initial machine
compromise. As a result, we believe the vast majority of users are not
at risk.  We have shared the samples via the Microsoft Active
Protection Program (MAPP) so that security vendors can detect and
block the malicious utilities.
Customers should not notice anything out of the ordinary during the
certificate revocation process.  Details about what to expect and a
utility to help determine what steps, if any, a user can take are
available on the support page on Adobe.com.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-08-10 21:17:42
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptopolitics] Silent Circle and Secure Email 
This was much clearer. "Silent Circle Ends Silent Mail Service To
Preempt Surveillance Threats,"
    Silent Circle, the global encrypted communications firm
    revolutionizing mobile security for organizations and
    individuals alike, today announced it has discontinued
    its Silent Mail e-mail encryption service in order to
    preempt governments' demands for customer information
    in the escalating surveillance environment targeting
    global communications.
cryptopolitics mailing list
cryptopolitics at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-08-22 21:05:28
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptopolitics] Is Windows 8 a Trojan horse for the NSA? The German Government thinks so 
The German Government is now deeply suspicious that the Trusted
Platform Module (TPM) technology built into a growing number of
Windows 8 PCs and tablets is creating a gigantic back door for NSA
surveillance, leaked documents have suggested.
Documents from the German Ministry of Economic Affairs obtained by
German title Zeit Online
uncover the alleged unease of officials at the direction of version
2.0 of the standard being developed under the auspices of the
multi-vendor Trusted Computing Group (TCG).
TPM has been marketed as a security technology since its appearance in
2006, but version 2.0 would embed a chip on every PC that has complete
control over which programs can and can’t run, a setting that can’t be
over-ridden under Windows 8. The chip is also where the cryptographic
data is stored for Windows BitLocker and it enables remote
cryptopolitics mailing list
cryptopolitics at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-01-22 19:54:15
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Is this a feature? 
"Opera will autorepair damage to the certificate repository, a missing
Certificate Authority is considered damage. Opera ships with a list of
frequently used certificates, and if any of these are missing they
will be added the next time the repository is read from disk. Other
certificates will be added from the online repository as needed."
- cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-07-20 16:09:05
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] [liberationtech] Random number generator, failure in Rasperri Pis? 
Also see:
When Good Randomness Goes Bad: Virtual Machine Reset Vulnerabilities
and Hedging Deployed Cryptography,
When Virtual is Harder than Real: Security Challenges in Virtual
Machine Based Computing Environments,
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-10-18 01:16:31
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [Full-disclosure] Secure whistleblowing feedback / reporting 
endpoint security [was: [NSA bitching] [formerly Re: PRISM][]]
References: Just ask Bill Binney how well that system worked at the NSA, or
Jessica Radack at Department of Justice, or....
The US Constitution makes no guarantee of the right to privacy. (I
seem to recall the US Supreme Court recognized it as a construction of
two other amendments back in 1860s, but I can't find the reference).
Even if the right to privacy was recognized, it would only apply to
government. Corporate would be free to spy on us and then sell it to
the government.
Full-Disclosure - We believe in it.
Charter: Hosted and sponsored by Secunia -

@_date: 2013-09-06 20:27:47
@_author: Jeffrey Walton 
@_subject: [cryptography] Compositing Ciphers? 
Hi All,
With all the talk of the NSA poisoning NIST, would it be wise to
composite ciphers? (NY Times, Guardian, Dr. Green's blog, et seq).
I've been thinking about running a fast inner stream cipher (Salsa20
without a MAC) and wrapping it in AES with an authenticated encryption
mode (or CBC mode with {HMAC|CMAC}).
I'm aware of, for example, NSA's Fishbowl running IPSec at the network
layer (the "outer" encryption") and then SRTP and the application
level (the "inner" encryption). But I'd like to focus on hardening one
cipherstream at one level, and not cross OSI boundaries.
I'm also aware of the NSA's lightweight block ciphers
( I may have been born at night, but
it was not last night....
Has anyone studied the configuration and security properties of a
inner stream cipher with an outer block cipher?
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net
