
@_date: 2001-01-19 18:50:19
@_author: B-son 
@_subject: Earn 200 to 300 a day behind your computer! 
If you are looking for a solid homebased business that makes
already an additional 500 US$ per week for many people
just like YOU! A business backed up by a new SYSTEM!
Now operational worldwide!
An awesome formula that attracts people like bees on honey!
A SYSTEM that seeks the best people for your business!
...in many occasions it happens within a week!...
Part-time or in search to replace your full-time income then
read on! People already earn 5 figures and we've nearly
started! We already have incredible testimonials from
people from all walks of life!
Fact is we're the talk of the industry and broke the records!
FINALLY A TURN KEY SYSTEM THAT WORKS!
Here's the best marriage between MLM and the
dot com industry I've ever came across!
There is something about to happen in the Networking
arena that will have a Major Global impact. Would you
take a few minutes of your of your busy schedule to
listen to an individual who has earned $185,000 per
week and left that income for his new company?
The single largest event in network marketing history
is taking place RIGHT NOW. You can get positioned
NOW in front of tens of thousands of people coming
into the business from all over the world.
Industry records are currently being broken with more than
40,000 people joining in the first 30 days!
Most people never get the opportunity like this to join
*BEFORE* something this BIG happens.
Consider this:
   * International Multi-million Dollar Company
   * $100 Billion Industry
   * Proprietary Technology
   * Online Marketing Tools
   * Phenomenal Support Systems
   * 3 Huge Compensation Plans
   * Lifetime Residual income
Despite the unlimited growth ahead of us in the dot.com
industry, there is a limited window of  opportunity to
position yourself with us. Timing is critical, so you need
to act fast.
We have set up or own exclusive leadgeneratingprogram
that is absolutely responsible for everyone's success!
The other reason for our success is the amazing follow up
formula we have! TURNKEY and so EASY to USE!
If you have serious interest in more information
on how to capitalize on this on this major opportunity
then mail me at eilert95 at yahoo.com and if you wish leave your name
and phone number @ your at emailadress.com
Best regards
L. Bertilsson
This is a onetime mailing.
No need to send a removerequest.
If you not were the intended recepient of this
email please just delete this message.
