
@_date: 2012-08-20 10:41:48
@_author: Noon Silk 
@_subject: [FoRK] On the Feasibility of Side-Channel Attacks with 
Brain computer interfaces (BCI) are becoming increasingly popular in
the gaming and entertainment industries. Consumer-grade BCI devices
are available for a few hundred dollars and are used in a variety of
applications, such as video games, hands-free keyboards, or as an
assistant in relaxation training. There are application stores similar
to the ones used for smart phones, where application developers have
access to an API to collect data from the BCI devices.
The security risks involved in using consumer-grade BCI devices have
never been studied and the impact of malicious software with access to
the device is unexplored. We take a first step in studying the
security implications of such devices and demonstrate that this
upcoming technology could be turned against users to reveal their
private and secret information. We use inexpensive
electroencephalography (EEG) based BCI devices to test the feasibility
of simple, yet effective, attacks. The captured EEG signal could
reveal the userbs private informa- tion about, e.g., bank cards, PIN
numbers, area of living, the knowledge of the known persons. This is
the first attempt to study the security implications of consumer-grade
BCI devices. We show that the entropy of the private information is
decreased on the average by approximately 15 % - 40 % compared to
random guessing attacks.
More:

@_date: 2013-07-31 21:18:45
@_author: Noon Silk 
@_subject: [FoRK] Functional encryption, or "Computer scientists develop 'mathematical jigsaw puzzles' to encrypt software" 
Looks interesting.
UCLA computer science professor Amit Sahai and a team of researchers have
designed a system to encrypt software so that it only allows someone to use
a program as intended while preventing any deciphering of the code behind
it. This is known in computer science as "software obfuscation," and it is
the first time it has been accomplished.
"You can inspect everything, you can turn it upside-down, you can look at
it from different angles and you still won't have any idea what it's
doing," he added. "The only thing you can do with it is put it together the
way that it was meant to interlock. If you tried to do anything else — like
if you tried to bash this piece and put it in some other way — you'd just
end up with garbage."
*Functional encryption*
The new technique for software obfuscation paved the way for another
breakthrough called functional encryption. With functional encryption,
instead of sending an encrypted message, an encrypted function is sent in
its place. This offers a much more secure way to protect information, Sahai
said. Previous work on functional encryption was limited to supporting very
few functions; the new work can handle any computable function.
For example, a single message could be sent to a group of people in such a
way that each receiver would obtain different information, depending on
characteristics of that particular receiver. In another example, a hospital
could share the outcomes of treatment with researchers without revealing
details such as identifying patient information.
"Through functional encryption, you only get the specific answer, you don't
learn anything else," Sahai said.

@_date: 2013-09-03 22:10:23
@_author: Noon Silk 
@_subject: building a community on RetroShare 
References: <20130903111643.GX29404
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: OpenPGP:SDK v0.9
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
