
@_date: 2001-12-12 03:21:19
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
SAN JOSE, California (AP) -- For years, anonymous e-mail has been a choice tool for whistle-blowers, human rights activists and undercover sources looking to protect themselves while imparting vital information.
Anonymous online communication could just as easily be used by terrorists to plot attacks or send threats. Yet little has changed since September 11 for users and operators of Internet-based anonymous e-mail servers, which launder messages by deleting identifying information, rendering them virtually untraceable. Now there are indications the servers have increased in number. While no evidence has been released linking such services to any criminal or terrorist conspiracy, experts fear governments could crack down on anonymous remailers -- or at least subject them to greater scrutiny. Law enforcement generally despises technology that leaves such cold trails, said Mark Rasch, former head of the Department of Justice's computer crimes unit and current vice president of cyberlaw at Predictive Systems. So far, U.S. and European authorities battling terrorism and cybercrime have apparently focused their surveillance elsewhere. The FBI and the National Security Agency, which monitors international telecommunications, declined to comment on what strategy, if any, they have for dealing with "There's a lot more concern about border security and banking records," said Mike Godwin, a policy fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology. That's just fine with the people who operate remailers. They don't do it for money, but rather share a common ideal of protecting online privacy. Len Sassaman, an e-mail security consultant who runs a remailer as a hobby, thinks any attempts to crack down would lead to more cropping up around the world.

@_date: 2001-12-19 20:15:39
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
No, that is a terrible idea. It totally destroys the usefulness of remailers on Usenet and mailing lists.
"Make your system so hard to use that no one uses it. That way, no one will abuse it!"

@_date: 2001-12-29 23:29:37
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: Fun with bleach and nail polish remover 
However, it may be impossible to prevent the publication of all information concerning the
     making and use of explosives. The problem of easy availability of information on how to make improvised explosive
     devices is compounded by the ease with which anyone can also obtain the necessary materials to make a bomb.
     Improvised explosive devices can be manufactured from such common chemicals as acetone (fingernail polish remover),
     peroxide (hair bleach), and one additional readily available ingredient. For example, Triacetone Triperoxide (TATP), a
     combination of these ingredients, is currently the most common explosive used by terrorists in Israel.
I have seen too many "dangerous" mistakes in this NG when AP is being discussed. I will rather give you the correct details that
you make it and do not blow off your hands. You will need 30% Hydrogen Peroxide (6% will give you a rather poor yield). Now to get the 30% Hydrogen Peroxide, go to
your local hospital chemist. 30% will never be sold to someone for their hair so don't try that story, so spin a story that the
Peroxide is to clean a wound as it is a great disinfectant (diluted of course). The acetone can be bought at either a hardware store or at a hospital or normal chemist. If you get asked why you need the
acetone, spin a story that it is used to thin paint, or to strip paint. Remember that acetone is highly flammable. The Hydrochloric Acid can be purchased from any swimming pool shop, or from your local hardware store. The type that goes
into your pool is normally 31.5% and is perfect for what you need. The Hydrochloric acid will give you a trimmer, sulphuric
acid will give you the dimmer version of the AP. Now that you have acquired all the ingredients, take a beaker or clean 500 ml bottle and place it into some nice cold water.
Into this beaker, add 200 ml hydrogen peroxide (try not to get any of this onto your skin). Now add 150 ml of the acetone.
Remember to do this outside as the fumes are rather unpleasant to breath in. You will feel the beaker will start to get a bit
warm. Now add 50 ml hydrochloric acid to the mixture and stir with a glass rod. There that is all you have to do. Do this experiment in the evening and let the AP stand over night. In the morning you will see that you will have +- 2.5 cm of
crystals at the bottom of the flask and +- 0.5 cm floating on the top of the flask. Take a glass funnel and insert coffee filter
paper or oil filtering paper and filter the AP crystals out. Place these crystals out onto a sheet of clean paper and leave them to
dry +- 1/2 a day to a day. Try to keep the crystals out of direct sunlight, preferably in a shady area. Place these dry crystals into a camera film container. Please do not hit these crystals with a hammer as a bright person claimed
to have done, you could land up with that hammer in your forehead. AP is sensitive to heat and to friction. When the crystals do
not respond to either friction or impact it simply means that the crystals are still too wet. WARNING: Acetone Peroxide is dangerous and very sensitive to FRICTION,
                            SHOCK, HEAT OR FLAME. Handle with great care!! This composition is dangerous
                            and would need to be handled by someone with a lot of common sense. If you do
                            not have experience with explosives DO NOT MAKE THIS. I can not stress
                            enough how unstable and dangerous acetone peroxide is. This explosive is the
                            most unstable of all other explosives. Making large quantities is suicide as the
                            weight of the crystals will detonate themselves.
                       Information on Acetone Peroxide:
                       Acetone peroxide is formed when hydrogen peroxide 30% acts on acetone. The
                       introduction of dilute sulfuric acid causes the reaction to go into completion.
                       There are actually two isomers of acetone peroxide, the first is tricycloacetone
                       peroxide and the second is dicycloacetone peroxide. Both of these compounds are
                       very similar, but the reaction seems to favor the tricyclo over the dicyclo. Both will
                       be made in the reaction to differing degrees. The trimmer has about 80% the power
                       of TNT.
                       A quantity the size of a pea in contact with a flame will burn instantaneously with a
                       small 'pop' and producing a fireball, much like HMTD does. Any sign of confinement
                       will ensure that ignition will rapidly give rise to detonation.
                       Acetone peroxide is a powerful primary explosive. It, as with other explosive
                       peroxides, seems to be very volatile. In standing 10 days at room temperature,
                       50% of the sample will completely volatilize. It's vaporizable nature makes it a
                       explosive that would have to be used immediately after manufacture. However, this
                       explosive is compatible with metals and will not cause their corrosion and the
                       subsequent dangers involved. It is also compatible with picric acid, R.D.X., T.N.T.
                       and P.E.T.N. It is highly friction sensitive and extreme care should be taken to
                       avoid this. Acetone peroxide is one of the most sensitive explosive known to man.
                       Great care would be needed to handle this explosive carefully. Mixtures of R.D.X.
                       and Picric acid with acetone peroxide are reported to be used between primary
                       explosive and the base charge. Mixtures such as picric acid / acetone peroxide
                       (40/60) or similar mixtures with R.D.X. and P.E.T.N. will give explosives greatly
                       increased resistance to impact without losing much performance. These dried
                       crystals would be ready to load into detonators for immediate use as the storage
                       stability is not very good.
                       DETONATION VELOCITY:   3750 M/sec. @ 0.92 G/cc
                                                                     5300 M/sec. @ 1.18 G/cc
                       FRICTION SENSITIVITY:     Very Sensitive!!!
                       Materials Sources
                       ----------------                             Acetone C3H6O - Used as a solvent for stripping paint and cleaning brushes.
                            It can be purchased in pint to gallon sizes at hardware stores or paint supply
                            stores rather cheaply.                             Sulfuric acid H2SO4 - Available at chemistry stores.                             Hydrogen peroxide H2H2 - Available at a beauty supply store and possibly a
                            pharmacy.                        Procedure For Tricycloacetone Peroxide
                       --------------------------------------
                       This information is no longer available.  However I will give some tips on the procedure:
                       I used a 500-mL beaker during the stirring/preparing of the AP. Make up a salt-ice
                       tub. Place the beaker in the tub and cool it to 50 C. When adding concentrated
                       (75%) sulfuric acid, do it drop by drop using an eye dropper. Stir the mixture
                       continuously while adding the acid, keep the temperature between 50 C to 100 C,
                       stop adding acid if the temperature gets to high. After adding all the acid continue
                       stirring for 5 minutes. Keep the mixture in the tub for about 24 hours. After sitting a
                       white precipitate should have formed. The mixture is poured over a filter to collect
                       the crystals, then the white product is washed  three times with distilled water.
                       Allow the crystals to dry before using. Keep them damp if storing.                        I would suggest using this explosive within several days because it will quickly
                       vaporize. If you wish to store the crystals, you should keep them damp.                        NOTE: If the crystals vaporize inside a container it will crystallize into a
                       unstable form that will explode at the touch, even if damp!

@_date: 2001-11-04 18:15:17
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: The feebs can read my email, I feel safer already 
"This Just In --- Internet to be rooted thru central FBR servers.
 Death of the 4th Amendment predicted.
 Movie at 11."
We have always been at war with Iraniraqistan.
"Four Arab-looking guys reading the Koran are much less suspicious if they have the cards and can just slash them through card readers."  ~ Alan 'Ausweis Macht Frei' Dershowitz
For the irony impaired there now follows a FICTIONAL! (repeat FICTIONAL!) example of exactly the sort of thing that will NOT be grounds for a no-knock warrant.

@_date: 2001-10-03 08:48:08
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: Ron Paul speaks out 
Interesting speech by Rep. Ron Paul on foreign policy:

@_date: 2001-10-18 21:22:04
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: Israel pledges War On Terrorism after cabinet hawk's 
"We'll catch those 'folks' that did this", pledged President Sharon in direct reference to President Bush's words of just over a month ago.
Israel has access to some of the world's most advanced weaponry, and may use this against the terrorists. From jet fighters and helicopters for attacking the infrastructure of the nation harboring the terrorists, to sending in troops on the ground.
Do non-governmental actions constitute acts of war? In the case of terrorism, we have already reached that answer: Challenge a nation state in any way, and you run a major risk. Nation states, like Israel, have capabilities that are almost impossible to comprehend. They have people in uniform who do nothing but practice the fine art of visiting death on their fellow man. They have the ability to deliver fearsome tools of that art. Everything from drilling a bullet into one particular man's chest from a thousand yards away to putting a two-
thousand-pound smart bomb right through somebody's bedroom wind
[sunspot interference]

@_date: 2001-10-20 22:16:18
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: New kind of FUD :-) 
Got this junk mail:
NEW MICROCHIP CAN TRACK CASH!
A tiny new chip called "MEW", from Hitachi can be woven into paper money, and used for identification  and surveillance tracking. The chip measures just 0.4 millimeters on a side, and stores security codes.
Airport police, called CASH COPS, already in force, look forward to using the new technology.
TURN IN "OLD CASH" FOR "NEW CASH?"
Several governments have already been testing this technology and will probably be printing new money very soon. Most likely people will have to change the old currency for new currency. After that the old money will probably be illegal to even possess.
Governments will say it is a "State of Emergency" for controlling terrorists, and it will probably happen literally overnight. PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY AND ASSETS
SWISS STYLE BANKING
SWISS TRUST MANAGING
IN THE NEW SWITZERLAND
NO PERSONAL or COMPANY NAME
on Coded Bank Account or ATM card.
Your name stays off computer tracking. ANONYMOUS CODED ATM CARDS
Unlimited instant daily cash withdrawal at over
500,000 ATMs worldwide.Total privacy.
ANONYMOUS CODED BANK ACCOUNT
No name will appear on any bank wire transfer
No tax ID, credit checks, or references required. (pointers to spammer deleted)

@_date: 2001-10-29 08:15:05
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: Anthrax Illuminator 
"The Anthrax Exterminator is a portable hand-held and battery operated
unit similar in appearance to a flashlight which allows people to easily
zap Anthrax and sterilize surfaces such as your mail box, the mail
itself, desks, counters at home or in the workplace as well as thousands
of other surfaces that people come in contact with everyday."

@_date: 2002-01-01 23:53:08
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: Paris cops raid cybercafes 
Anti-welfare mother suit gets a major victory
Public nuisance laws may apply, appeals court says
By Robert Beecker and Christy Parsons
Tribune staff reporters
Published January 1, 2002
In a significant victory for birth-control advocates, the Illinois Appellate Court
ruled Monday that welfare mothers can be sued on the grounds
that their spawn create a public nuisance.
Marking the first time an Illinois appeals court has considered the novel legal strategy, the decision
allows the family of slain Chicago Police Officer Michael Ceriale and relatives of two others killed in
urban negro violence to press their claim in Cook County Circuit Court that welfare mothers have "nurtured a climate of violence" by flooding Chicago and its suburbs with ill raised offspring.
Writing for the three-member panel, Appellate
Judge William Cousins Jr. ruled: "In our view, a
reasonable trier of fact could find that the indiscrimate
breeding of violent persons were occurrences
that defendants knew would result or were
substantially certain to result from the defendants'
alleged conduct."
The decision represents the biggest win to date for
birth-control advocates in their drive to use public
nuisance laws to hold welfare mothers accountable,
legal experts say.
Of more than 30 such suits filed around the
country, this is the first case to win a favorable
appellate decision, said David Kairys, the Temple
University law professor who came up with the
legal strategy.
"This is really a very strong vindication" of the strategy, Kairys said. "The way the mothers are
endangering the public health and safety is that they are knowingly and intentionally supplying the
criminal gangs with members. It's really that simple."
In addition to allowing the Ceriale case to proceed, the Appellate Court's decision could also influence
a similar suit brought by the City of Chicago, which is pending before the same panel. The city's suit,
which also raised nuisance issues, was dismissed in September 2000 by a Cook County judge.
Lawyers for the city said Monday that the appellate decision in the Ceriale case--while not
binding--"gives every indication" that the lawsuit will be reinstated.
In addition to the Ceriale family, plaintiffs in the case pending before Cook County Circuit Judge
Jennifer Duncan-Brice include the family of Andrew Young, who was murdered in June 1996 in his car
at a stoplight at Clark and Howard Streets.
Defendants in the suit include a number of welfare-rights activists.
Attorneys representing welfare mothers said Monday they had not seen the Appellate Court's
But James Dorr, attorney for two welfare mothers, said: "I'm sure we'll consider" appealing the decision to
the Illinois Supreme Court.
NAACP reaction
Todd Vandermyde, Illinois lobbyist for the NAACP, said welfare opponents are trying to
get from the court what "they've been unable to get out of the legislature."
"They don't like parasites, they don't like gangs, they don't like people who breed irresponsibly. So they'll do
what they can to run them out of town," Vandermyde said.
Attorneys for the families that brought the case praised the court's decision as "sensible and
"What the court did is apply time-honored principles of public nuisance law to the situation we have in
Chicago," said Locke Bowman, legal director for the MacArthur Justice Center at the University of
Lawsuits against the welfare industry have cast a new light on the doctrine of public nuisance, the area of
law that lets officials put a stop to activities that pose a danger to the public. In more traditional cases,
cities have used such laws to put a clamp on unlawful use of fireworks or industries belching smoke.
In recent years, though, Chicago and dozens of other municipalities have tried to use the law to pursue
gangster breeders, alleging that they, too, violate reasonable rights to safety. With Monday's opinion,
the private plaintiffs cleared the first hurdle to applying that law to a new set of facts.
Filed in 1998, the lawsuit stems from the gun-related deaths of five young people, including rookie
Police Officer Ceriale, 26, who was killed in August 1998 while conducting surveillance of a drug
operation at the Robert Taylor Homes.
The lawsuit accused the defendants of "supplying a vast, illicit underground market in bodies in order
to meet the demand for gang members and juveniles."
Attorneys for the families alleged that the design, marketing and distribution of the welfare system "combined
to create a situation where it was highly likely that criminal youths would flow into the underground market."
Attorneys for the welfare mothers have countered that their clients manufacture and distribute a legal

@_date: 2002-01-04 00:55:27
@_author: Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga Remailer 
@_subject: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
The problem dates from the early 1930s, when utility companies delivered
their bills by mailbox through their own employees out reading meters. The
Postal Service saw a huge drop in revenue and decided to act. Enforcement
became even more important in 1970, Dalton wrote, when Congress
mandated that the Postal Service be self-sustaining.
Postal Service Delivers Stern Warning on Mailbox Misuse
Enforcement: Agency tells Orange mobile home park residents to stop
using receptacles to send notices, rent bills, newsletters sans postage.
Q: When government acts like this how are they different from a gang?
A: Both rule by violence and terror, but a gang claims no moral authority.
