
@_date: 2004-07-10 02:04:43
@_author: Nostra2004 at SAFe-mail.net 
@_subject: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt 
when not under direct threat. Then they implement the mechanism. Then years flow by. Then the prosecutors come. But by then it is too late to cooperate. They are doomed (though that depends largely on the available lawyers), but it can save the ones they were protecting.
The mechanism Steve suggested probably needs to be applied before you ever see a court order.
you implemented may be viewed as a conspiracy, including but not limited to secure email.
secure infrastructure without some nodes having to win the martyr lottery?
Actually, frequent prosecutions could work to the advantage of a select few who choose to become martyrs.  Since it would make it much more likely supplicants would be called upon.
Maybe we could piggyback on religion and use some kinks within Christian doctrine, selected for having wide user base within Western civilization? Eg, finding a believable and theologically coherent explanation how operating a Darknet node helps undermining the reign of Satan (a voice suggests me that the Book of Prophecies, or how that horsemen thing is called, could contain enough of material to build on)? That could provide a decent amount of node ops using existing infrastructure of likely-minded religious organizations. Faith is a big motivation for undertaking risk, and while Westerners currently tend to be less radical than Middle-Easterners, this kind of mission is far from suicidal.
I posted a few months back offering an alternative to religion in recruitment: the terminally ill.

@_date: 2004-07-16 15:34:59
@_author: Nostra2004 at SAFe-mail.net 
@_subject: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt 
If people are intentionally trying to set up the jackbooted thugs to break down your door then the more often the thugs take the bait the more likely the baitors will get to spring their traps.
Do you have evidence to support this (e.g., average survivial times of the TI from their first learning about their condition)?

@_date: 2004-07-16 15:36:32
@_author: Nostra2004 at SAFe-mail.net 
@_subject: We werent doing anything wrong 
Couple in anti-Bush T-shirts were arrested at presidents speech By Tara Tuckwiller
tara at wvgazette.com
A husband and wife who wore anti-Bush T-shirts to the presidents Fourth of July appearance arent going down without a fight: They will be represented by lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union as they contest the trespassing charges against them Thursday morning in Charleston Municipal Court.
Police took Nicole and Jeff Rank away in handcuffs from the event, which was billed as a presidential appearance, not a campaign rally. They were wearing T-shirts that read, Love America, Hate Bush.
Spectators who wore pro-Bush T-shirts and Bush-Cheney campaign buttons were allowed to stay.
We werent doing anything wrong, said Jeff Rank. The couple, who said they had tickets just like everybody else, said they simply stood around the Capitol steps with the rest of the spectators.
We sang the national anthem, Rank said.
The Ranks hardly fit the image of rabble-rousers. Jeff Rank, 29, has a masters degree in oceanography. Nicole Rank, 30, has degrees in biological science and marine biology. They have been married for seven years.
Nicole Rank arrived in Charleston soon after the Memorial Day floods. She was working as deputy environmental liaison officer for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, making sure cities and counties obeyed federal environmental laws as they repaired roads and bridges.
After police arrested the Ranks, fingerprinted them and took their mug shots, FEMA told Nicole Rank she was no longer needed in West Virginia.
I have not been fired per se, she said. But I was released from this job. And when they release you from a job, you no longer get paid.
The Ranks started to go home to Corpus Christi, Texas, but they only got as far as Roanoke, Va., when it occurred to them that they might not be able to contest their arrest if they werent in Charleston on their court date. A phone call confirmed their suspicions. So they turned around.
Weve been living in motels ever since, said Jeff Rank, who spent Tuesday evening in his motel room with his wife, their cocker spaniel Feinman, and their marmalade cat Rowr.
Its extremely difficult [financially]. We can only afford to do this for so long.
But they had to stay and fight the charges, he said, because we didnt think we were guilty.
Since Bush took office in early 2001, people have been banned from displaying anti-Bush messages at dozens of Bush appearances across the country. In September, the ACLU filed a federal lawsuit against the Secret Service, seeking an injunction against the Bush administration for segregating protesters at his public appearances.
The Secret Service agreed that such censorship was wrong, said Witold Walczak, one of the lawyers that filed the lawsuit.
They had an internal memo dated September 2002, saying they couldnt treat protesters differently or worse than anyone else at a presidential appearance, Walczak said. The judge said any agent responsible for doing so could be held liable for damages.
The Secret Service had been telling local police to sequester anyone displaying an anti-administration message, usually in areas completely out of sight and earshot of Bush. Because the Secret Service agreed with the ACLU that it shouldnt be doing that, the judge dismissed the case.
Prior to filing our suit in September, wed get a couple of confirmed protest zone complaints every month, Walczak said. After we filed, there were practically none. We had two documented incidents between September and March: one in Little Rock, Ark., and one in Knoxville, Tenn.
But now, lawyers like Walczak are carefully monitoring cases like the Ranks  and two similar incidents recently in Pennsylvania.
Were trying to assess what is going on at these appearances ... whether these protest zones are resuming, he said.
We are continuing to monitor all campaign events by both Republican and Democratic candidates. Were prepared to go back into court if we see discrimination occurring.
Because Bushs Fourth of July stop in Charleston was billed as an official presidential visit, not a campaign rally, That makes it an even more glaring violation of the First Amendment, said Andrew Schneider, executive director of the ACLU of West Virginia.
Its an Orwellian way to keep speech out of sight of those the speech is intended to critique ... We want to nip this in the bud before it becomes a habit of future administrations.
A Bush spokesman did not return a telephone call seeking comment on the necessity of the free speech zone.
To contact staff writer Tara Tuckwiller, use e-mail or call 348-5189.

@_date: 2004-07-16 15:53:18
@_author: Nostra2004 at SAFe-mail.net 
@_subject: Blast from the past: USENET Transport Binding for SOAP 1.1  
USENET Transport Binding for SOAP 1.1 10 February 2002 Authors (alphabetically): Sister Tornado Copyright) 2002 Sister Tornado. Reproduce with credit at will.

@_date: 2004-07-16 16:58:35
@_author: Nostra2004 at SAFe-mail.net 
@_subject: We werent doing anything wrong 
AFAIK, citizens are still free to arrest anyone they see comitting a crime, however dangerous to one's health :)
It might be much more effective for some terminally ill 'demonstartors' to use some sort of difficult to detect explosives that they could detonate if an attempt were made to arrest them for asserting their right to free speeech.

@_date: 2004-09-18 19:06:25
@_author: Nostra2004 at SAFe-mail.net 
@_subject: Toward A Private Digital Economy: (Trusted transactions in an 
Currently available financial privacy tools have drawbacks arising from centralized ownership and control, and the limitations of presenting specific services. A better approach would be to construct a fully distributed environment for economic activity which mimics the way cash is used in the physical world but is private, anonymous, trusted, and indestructible. A key to this variety is the element of locale, which we will explain in some detail.
We will introduce a 'Farmer's Market' model of anonymous commerce and expand it into a detailed functional description. We will explore business models viable in this environment and ways to connect them to the transparent banking world.
An anonymous economy must resolve issues of trust and reputation to be practical. We show how properties of number can be used to derive an 'algebra of trust' and exploited to reduce risk in anonymous transactions. Once reduced to a number, trust, like any other asset, can be quantified, evaluated, commoditized and even used as a currency. Algorithms that distribute data storage can distribute risk and trust once they are reduced to data. These things may overcome some of the barriers to the wide adoption of a private digital economy.

@_date: 2004-09-18 19:06:56
@_author: Nostra2004 at SAFe-mail.net 
@_subject: Toward A Private Digital Economy: (Trusted transactions in an 
Currently available financial privacy tools have drawbacks arising from centralized ownership and control, and the limitations of presenting specific services. A better approach would be to construct a fully distributed environment for economic activity which mimics the way cash is used in the physical world but is private, anonymous, trusted, and indestructible. A key to this variety is the element of locale, which we will explain in some detail.
We will introduce a 'Farmer's Market' model of anonymous commerce and expand it into a detailed functional description. We will explore business models viable in this environment and ways to connect them to the transparent banking world.
An anonymous economy must resolve issues of trust and reputation to be practical. We show how properties of number can be used to derive an 'algebra of trust' and exploited to reduce risk in anonymous transactions. Once reduced to a number, trust, like any other asset, can be quantified, evaluated, commoditized and even used as a currency. Algorithms that distribute data storage can distribute risk and trust once they are reduced to data. These things may overcome some of the barriers to the wide adoption of a private digital economy.

@_date: 2005-04-07 22:53:44
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Prospect of secure private nets causing German police alarm 
"The Internet in the year 2010 will be fully anonymous and encrypted. In the parallel world there will be no way to ensure security and order. Even today we only find those that are lazy or stupid. In the future there wont be one Internet, but many small, closed, private networks that are concealed and defended against any intrustion from authorities. Anyone thinking about defending privacy in cyberspace effectively supports criminals and terrorists."

@_date: 2005-04-12 14:42:19
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Modifed IRS 1040 form 
Slightly IRS forms that enable filers to legally (according to Sullivan vs. U.S. and subsequent Supreme Court rulings), and innocously, assert their 5th Amendment privilege against self-incrimination on a line-item basis have been posted to To use this form simply place a check mark ONLY in any field(s) for which you wish to assert your 5th Amendment right.
Rapidshare's UI is a bit confusing.  After you go to the URL provided you'll see a table at the bottom of the page listing the features of the FREE and PREMIUM download types.  If you click on the 'Free" button at the bottom of the page you'll be taken to to a download 'staging' page.  Scroll to the bottom and you see info, including a countdown timer that queues their downloads.  After 30-45 seconds the timer will expire and you'll be offered the real download link.

@_date: 2005-12-30 18:32:40
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Detect Spying on YOU 
For the NSA to find out about the contents of an URL they dont click the links, they start drawing a profile. Then they monitor the participants connections. They might fingerprint the webserver, even hack it, but most times they will sit on a router and wait for that data being called by someone else. If it isnt, then its of no means for them anyway.

@_date: 2006-10-06 14:03:06
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: I've lost patience with the police 
I have decided to start publishing on the internet names of SIS officers.

@_date: 2007-04-12 23:35:52
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: High-traffic Colluding Tor Routers in Washington, D.C. 
A group of 9 Tor routers also functioning overtly or indirectly as Tor exit
nodes have been observed colluding on the public Tor network.
The colluding routers map to two /16 IP subnets administered by Cogent (formerly
by PSINet) [1]. Traceroute reveals all routes to these routers pass through
Rethem.demarc.cogentco.com (38.112.12.190) at the final hop.
Analysis of a local snapshot of the Tor cached-routers file from 2006-05-27
first suggested the presence of colluding routers. The analysis yielded the
following information:
  - 9 Tor routers self-identified as aala, donk3ypunch, TheGreatSantini, mauger,
    paxprivoso, soprano1, hubbahubbahubba, m00kie, and joiseytor together
    reported carrying what amounted to 11% of the traffic on the Tor network at
    the time of the snapshot, while the remaining 89% of Tor traffic was carried
    by the other 551 (approximated) routers.
  - All 9 of these routers appear to be located in the Washington, D.C. area.
  - 5 of these routers are on the same 149.9.0.0/16 IP subnet.
  - 4 of these routers are on the same 154.35.0.0/16 IP subnet.
  - All 9 routers reported running Tor 0.1.0.16 on FreeBSD i386 machines.
  - All 9 routers reported nearly identical uptimes.
  - 3 of the 5 routers on the 149.9.0.0/16 IP subnet reported providing outproxy
    service for DNS, HTTP, POP3, IMAP, HTTPS, AIM and IRC traffic on Tor.
  - The other 2 routers on the 149.9.0.0/16 IP subnet reported rejecting all
    outproxy traffic.
  - The 4 routers on the 154.35.0.0/16 IP subnet reported providing outproxy
    service for the above traffic plus SSH and NNTP.
Collusion was definitively established by the following method:
1. The following lines were added to the local torrc:
   ExitNodes donk3ypunch,mauger,paxprivoso,soprano1,hubbahubbahubba,m00kie,joiseytor
   StrictExitNodes 1
2. The local Tor client was restarted so the new configuration would take effect
3. Using Tor as an HTTP proxy, the websites of the IP address mirror services
   whatismyip.com and whatsmyipaddy.com were visited repeatedly over the
   course of one hour
The results: An IP address of 149.9.0.25 was always reported by the IP address
mirror services. This is not the IP address of any of the exit nodes forced by
the new torrc configuration, but rather the address of aala, one of the 2 other
colluding Tor routers which report themselves as rejecting direct Tor HTTP
outproxy traffic.
Although further testing is needed, it appears that all 8 of the other Tor
routers identified may be forwarding their HTTP outproxy traffic to the router
known as aala, and that aala may be performing the exit node duties on their
behalf. aala may perform exit node duties for all protocols supported by this
collusion network--not merely HTTP. This strategy would make aala a single
point of transit (and possible data retention or traffic analysis) for up to 11%
of the traffic leaving and entering the Tor network through exit nodes. The function in this collusion network of the router identified as
TheGreatSantini is still undetermined. Its published exit policy, like aala's,
purported to reject all outproxy traffic, yet it hasn't been observed acting as
an outproxy as aala has. It may simply serve as an intermediate router.
Due to the sheer amount of traffic apparently passing through this collusion
network, consolidation and analysis of exit node traffic is only one of several
forms of anonymity attacks made more feasible. Hence these 9 routers appear to
pose a significant anonymity threat to users of the public Tor network.
Total Observed Throughput of Above Washington, D.C. Routers:    6.67 MB/s
Total Observed Throughput of All Known Running Tor Routers *: ~60.00 MB/s
  * Taken from aggregate stats of all known (~560) running Tor routers at [3]
Notes on select router descriptor fields:
  bandwidth       Estimated bandwidth for this router, in bytes per second. The "average"
    bandwidth is the volume per second that the OR is willing to sustain over
    long periods; the "burst" bandwidth is the volume that the OR is willing to
    sustain in very short intervals. The "observed" value is an estimate of the
    capacity this server can handle. The server remembers the max bandwidth
    sustained output over any ten second period in the past day, and another
    sustained input. The "observed" value is the lesser of these two numbers.
  uptime
    The number of seconds that this OR process has been running.
  [1]   [2]   [3] Found at:

@_date: 2007-04-13 20:13:56
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: High-traffic Colluding Tor Routers in Washington, D.C. 
Thanks for the quick reply and links.  Although this happened over six months ago I had not seen any discussion about it. A few questions...
- How did Steven Murdoch and Richard Clayton tracked down the operator? How did they determine it was an innocent mistake?  Even if the operator is benevolent, that capability with so few nodes is disturbing.
- How were 9 nodes apparently able to touch 11% of all Tor traffic?  Have changes to the code since then reduced this vulnerability?
- Do you think there needs to be activity (perhaps "collusion" between a group of good guys), similar to what's on Bit Torrent, to identify and blacklist nodes (discussions about the risks and legality of such things can be left till later)?
- Is there a transcript of the talk those slides were given with, or at least a video?

@_date: 2007-04-13 20:13:56
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: High-traffic Colluding Tor Routers in Washington, D.C. 
Thanks for the quick reply and links.  Although this happened over six months ago I had not seen any discussion about it. A few questions...
- How did Steven Murdoch and Richard Clayton tracked down the operator? How did they determine it was an innocent mistake?  Even if the operator is benevolent, that capability with so few nodes is disturbing.
- How were 9 nodes apparently able to touch 11% of all Tor traffic?  Have changes to the code since then reduced this vulnerability?
- Do you think there needs to be activity (perhaps "collusion" between a group of good guys), similar to what's on Bit Torrent, to identify and blacklist nodes (discussions about the risks and legality of such things can be left till later)?
- Is there a transcript of the talk those slides were given with, or at least a video?

@_date: 2007-04-14 22:45:05
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: High-traffic Colluding Tor Routers in Washington, D.C. 
Colluding Tor Nodes Sampled on 8/30/2006:
angrypunk 149.9.117.9
biotch 149.9.103.219
dearbornproxy 149.9.168.187
debauchery 149.9.182.95
donk3ypunch 149.9.25.222
minastorgul 149.9.108.12
nodubya 149.9.173.82
nokeys 149.9.199.18
renoir 149.9.158.27
shaved 149.9.202.36
vorpalbunny 149.9.122.209
wotsdat 149.9.95.133
a1b2c3d4 154.35.140.147
amiri1 154.35.207.131
ckopo 154.35.219.43
cloak 154.35.37.34
fugue 154.35.118.96
gobsmack 154.35.77.70
halkon 154.35.222.194
hubbahubbahubba 154.35.47.59
jailai 154.35.138.87
joiseytor 154.35.85.17
m00kie 154.35.36.18
mcentral 154.35.105.16
nobosses 154.35.73.240
presently 154.35.88.116
renslermid 154.35.207.38
renslerprx 154.35.207.39
skibbitz 154.35.207.140
sleepycat 154.35.86.101
soprano1 154.35.72.223
zebhadafrog 154.35.254.172
Colluding Tor Nodes Sampled on 11/17/2006:
bettyboop 149.9.0.27
croeso 149.9.0.56
jalopy 149.9.0.57
myrnaloy 149.9.0.59
nixnix 149.9.0.58

@_date: 2007-04-27 14:30:21
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: No subject 
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.10 (X11/20070306)
Reply-To: or-talk at freehaven.net
I was able to access my account as of a couple of days ago. Some tor
nodes are in spam DBs, but only a few of them (as far as I know at
least). Wikipedia has blocked tor nodes for close to a year now, as
does some other sites. For this reason, I think it would be useful to
make directory files compressed AND crypted, if possible/viable. Just
my two rapidly devaluing Federal Reserve cents, though 8-).
The problem is with Tor.  It supports hidden server functionality (which is being improved all the time) but not hidden exits, AFAIK.  Hidden exit support might encourage more people to run them.  It might also provide another possibility, opportunistic exits using neighbor-neighbor open hot-spot WiFi.  Here is a paper I wrote some months back but have only circulated in a small circle, called, "CUCKOO - an opportunistic P2P exit node":
E-gold is most certainly not a scam.  But they have behaved foolishly, operating from US soil, and now are completely under the thumb of the U.S. government. Its highly likely that E-gold's operators have been served National Security letters in order to keep from the press what's really going on, which is that the U.S. dollar is under considerable financial pressure most of which is being kept out of the major news media and any economic safety means not under indirect control of the U.S. (e.g., gold-based) are being closed.  As Alan Greespan noted in his seminal paper, "Gold and Economic Freedom,"
"An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense-perhaps more clearly and subtly than many consistent defenders of laissez-faire -- that gold and economic freedom are inseparable, that the gold standard is an instrument of laissez-faire and that each implies and requires the other. "In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value. If there were, the government would have to make its holding illegal, as was done in the case of gold. If everyone decided, for example, to convert all his bank deposits to silver or copper or any other good, and thereafter declined to accept checks as payment for goods, bank deposits would lose their purchasing power and government-created bank credit would be worthless as a claim on goods. The financial policy of the welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect themselves.
This is the shabby secret of the welfare statists' tirades against gold. Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the confiscation of wealth. Gold stands in the way of this insidious process. It stands as a protector of property rights. If one grasps this, one has no difficulty in understanding the statists' antagonism toward the gold standard."
  I don't agree with all the conclusions of this article, in particular that, "3. The only DGCs that operate from now on will:
(a) Have no connection to the US
(b) Have no USA users (exactly as Swiss banks have no USA users)
(b) Will have higher ID requirements than e-gold currently does. "
Its probably true the seizure will cause many to shy away from non-regulated currencies and payment systems (as our "masters" want) but others (e.g., eCache,  are sure to be emboldened by the audacity of the Secret Service.

@_date: 2007-04-27 14:56:56
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.10 (X11/20070306)
Reply-To: or-talk at freehaven.net
I was able to access my account as of a couple of days ago. Some tor
nodes are in spam DBs, but only a few of them (as far as I know at
least). Wikipedia has blocked tor nodes for close to a year now, as
does some other sites. For this reason, I think it would be useful to
make directory files compressed AND crypted, if possible/viable. Just
my two rapidly devaluing Federal Reserve cents, though 8-).
The problem is with Tor.  It supports hidden server functionality (which is being improved all the time) but not hidden exits, AFAIK.  Hidden exit support might encourage more people to run them.  It might also provide another possibility, opportunistic exits using neighbor-neighbor open hot-spot WiFi.  Here is a paper I wrote some months back but have only circulated in a small circle, called, "CUCKOO - an opportunistic P2P exit node":
E-gold is most certainly not a scam.  But they have behaved foolishly, operating from US soil, and now are completely under the thumb of the U.S. government. Its highly likely that E-gold's operators have been served National Security letters in order to keep from the press what's really going on, which is that the U.S. dollar is under considerable financial pressure most of which is being kept out of the major news media and any economic safety means not under indirect control of the U.S. (e.g., gold-based) are being closed.  As Alan Greespan noted in his seminal paper, "Gold and Economic Freedom,"
"An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense-perhaps more clearly and subtly than many consistent defenders of laissez-faire -- that gold and economic freedom are inseparable, that the gold standard is an instrument of laissez-faire and that each implies and requires the other. "In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value. If there were, the government would have to make its holding illegal, as was done in the case of gold. If everyone decided, for example, to convert all his bank deposits to silver or copper or any other good, and thereafter declined to accept checks as payment for goods, bank deposits would lose their purchasing power and government-created bank credit would be worthless as a claim on goods. The financial policy of the welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect themselves.
This is the shabby secret of the welfare statists' tirades against gold. Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the confiscation of wealth. Gold stands in the way of this insidious process. It stands as a protector of property rights. If one grasps this, one has no difficulty in understanding the statists' antagonism toward the gold standard."
  I don't agree with all the conclusions of this article, in particular that, "3. The only DGCs that operate from now on will:
(a) Have no connection to the US
(b) Have no USA users (exactly as Swiss banks have no USA users)
(b) Will have higher ID requirements than e-gold currently does. "
Its probably true the seizure will cause many to shy away from non-regulated currencies and payment systems (as our "masters" want) but others (e.g., eCache,  are sure to be emboldened by the audacity of the Secret Service.

@_date: 2007-03-11 13:46:03
@_author: Nostra2004 at Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: [Clips] Don't like ID cards? Hand over your passport 
the Mail online
  09/03/07 - News section
  Don't like ID cards? Hand over your passport
  By JAMES SLACK
  Anybody who objects to their personal details going on the new "Big
  Brother" ID cards database will be banned from having a passport.
  More here.... * Cameron to swop ID cards for guards
  James Hall, the official in charge of the supposedly-voluntary scheme, said
  the Government would allow people to opt out - but in return they must
  "forgo the ability" to have a travel document.
  With one in every eight people saying they will refuse to sign-up, up to
  five million adults could effectively be refused permission to leave the
  country.
Well, that's only true if you use a regulated carrier and insist on using or presenting a Brit passport.  Looks like a great opportunity for entrepreneurial people to become 'gypsy' transports.  Instead of illicit trafficking of kidnapped people they can now tap into a new, profitable, but much less risky illicit business. :)
  One concerned member of the public, Andrew Michael Edwards, asked what
  would happen to people who refuse to join the  billion scheme.
  Mr Hall replied: "There is no need to register and have fingerprints taken
  - but you will forgo the ability to have a passport".
He meant, of course, only a Brit passport.
  Therefore, anybody who objects to ID cards on principle and wants to keep
  their personal details private must remain in the UK for the rest of their
  lives.
Or opt out of entering countries at authorized ports of entry.  For example, in most countries with sea coasts its a relatively simple matter to enter territorial waters, lower an inflatable tender to discharge or acquire passengers, and return or move on to the next destination, never having entered a port.  With freestanding, fiber masts, little or no metal rigging and low thermal signature (if you sail instead of motor) and angular hull designs to provide stealth, they should have low probability of intercept on radar and thermal imaging (two of the most effective means to spot and interdict water craft on the high seas).
This is good news as it possibly sets the stage for ID objectors to become global vs. national citizens, to cross borders with the impunity that was previously only the purview of criminals and terrorists.  The more citizens that see The State not in their best interests and acting accordingly the better.
