
@_date: 2004-08-15 15:59:11
@_author: Novmgtco at aol.com 
@_subject: Richard Rahn's "How to Find Osama" (The Washington Times) 
The Washington Times
How to find Osama
By Richard W. Rahn
Published August 15, 2004
Having just finished reading the report of the September 11 commission, I was
shocked; shocked to learn major U.S. government bureaucracies are
incompetent. Washington being Washington, most of the solutions proposed
revolved around
reorganizing and creating more bureaucracies.
It seems not to have occurred to anyone there are market solutions for many
information problems the intelligence community faces. Two examples follow. The
first is the general problem of economic intelligence, and the second is
using the market to find a particular someone -- Osama bin Laden.
A couple of decades ago, I became aware the CIA was systematically
overstating the size of the Soviet and Eastern European economies, An
article I wrote
about it was published in 1984. My critique, and those of others then, had no
impact. At the end of the Cold War, we indeed found real per capita incomes in
the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe were on average about one-third the CIA
The CIA greatly overestimated the size of these countries' civilian economies
because the agency overrelied on the translations of official documents and
periodicals rather than have agents or embassy personnel walk about and see
what goods were available at what price. This is "market research."
Those of us who had spent time in the former communist countries before and
during the economic transition were well aware few goods in the old Soviet
Union actually were available in any quantity at official prices. For
example, the
Soviet press might state the official price of a refrigerator was 100 rubles,
but in fact there were no refrigerators available at that price. With luck, a
Soviet citizen might actually have been able to find a refrigerator on the
black market for 400 rubles.
That there were far fewer goods at much higher prices was well known to many
in the Western press and business community, but the CIA ignored much of this
evidence -- I suspect partly because it would have diminished the perceived
Intelligence agencies should do much more "contracting out." There are
economic and market research firms operating in virtually every country with
considerable local expertise. For the right price, they could provide the
CIA much
better information, at a far less cost, than it would likely obtain on its own.
Using principles of market economics should not be limited to gathering
economic intelligence, but greatly expanded to gathering information on weapons
systems and terrorists.
At some price, there is almost always someone who will reveal secrets any
government might like to know -- and usually this price is far lower than other
ways of seeking the information.
For instance, after three years and expenditure of many tens of billions of
dollars, we (i.e., the CIA and others) still have not found Osama bin Laden.
A couple of years ago, the U.S. government offered a bounty of $25 million
for his head. Many in Washington believe this shows bounties don't work. In
fact, it shows the price was too low. Suppose we increased the bounty $5
million a
month until he was brought in dead or alive. What do you think would happen?
The reason $25 million has not worked is that getting bin Laden is both
dangerous and expensive, and you would probably need a team to do it. So by the
time you add up your expenses and divide the net amount after taxes among your
team, the risk-reward ratio is not sufficiently attractive.
At some price, getting bin Laden becomes attractive to many reasonably
competent people, and some brave and enterprising soul would get him.
At the moment, $25 million plus $5 million a month since September 11, 2001,
adds up to a bounty of about $200 million. That may sound like a lot of money,
but it only works out less than a dollar for each American, and we have
already spent many times that sum trying to find him.
I expect $200 million is a large enough pot to even induce thousands of
American trial lawyers to start combing the hills of Afghanistan, like gold
prospectors in California in 1849 -- and nothing could be more beneficial
to the U.S.
Richard W. Rahn is a senior fellow of the Discovery Institute and an adjunct
scholar of the Cato Institute.
Copyright ) 2004 News World Communications, Inc. All rights reserved.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-12-22 07:54:11
@_author: Novmgtco at aol.com 
@_subject: Richard Rahn's "Do We Need a National ID Card?" (The Washington Times) 
The Washington Times
Do we need a national ID card?
By Richard W. Rahn
Published December 22, 2004
Are you in favor of a national identity card? Even though many Americans
are against the idea of a national identity card, it is coming. In fact, in
many ways, it is already here. Every American citizen and every foreign
worker in America is required to have a Social Security card. Your Social
Security card is only supposed to be used to gain employment and receive
Society Security benefits, but try applying for credit without giving your
Social Security number -- and most often you will be turned down.
You cannot board an airliner or certain trains, cash a check, go to a
hospital, obtain a hotel room or even enter some office buildings without
showing a photo ID. You cannot travel to foreign countries without a
passport. Yes, we have no national ID card but, instead, we are required to
have many ID cards just to engage in the normal activities of life.
We are torn on the issue of a national ID because we do not want big
brother government to monitor us (we all know the potential horrors from
the Gestapo and sci-fi movies).
On the other hand, we understand the legitimate needs of many purveyors of
public and private services to know who we are. We also worry about the
theft of our identity. We want to be able to provide our medical history to
those who need it to help us in a medical emergency, but we don't want
those who might abuse or embarrass us with that knowledge to have the
In the current world, we are required to know and give more passwords than
most of us can remember to access our bank and credit card accounts,
frequent flyer accounts, e-mail and Internet providers, and other
information service accounts.
If the question posed at the beginning of this commentary was: "Would you
be in favor of a card that could prove your ID while at the same time
protect you from giving information about yourself (including medical and
financial information) that you do not wish to provide?" I am sure that
more people would give a yes response.
The fact is we do not need nor should we have a government issued national
ID card. What we need is for the government to specify for what purposes
and when it positively must know our identity, and what constitutes
acceptable proof. Private organizations, such as airlines, banks and
merchants already do the same thing. Then the private sector will develop
the most user-privacy-friendly and cost-effective devices. Tiny computer
chips containing all of the necessary biometric information coupled with
nearly unbreakable encryption have already been developed. Consumers will
be able to choose what information they wish to have stored in such
devices, and who is allowed to have access to what. The chips can be placed
in "smart cards," cell phones and PDAs, or even implanted in the body.
In my ideal world, the government would know with certainty who has voted
(but not their vote), who is coming into the country, to whom it is making
payments and from whom it is receiving taxes. I would like to be able to
prove my identity to government agencies, airlines, banks, etc., and have
access to all my password accounts and computers, and deliver such
additional information about myself to those I choose to (such as my
medical history to a hospital in case of an emergency), while protecting
all my information from those with whom I choose not to share it.
In addition, I do not want to have to carry more than one device with me
(such as a card or PDA), nor do I want to have to remember any passwords.
Fortunately, the current technology will indeed allow all of the above (my
thumbprint could give me access to my PDA with all of the passwords, etc.).
The Government Passport Agency is in the process of developing new
passports to prevent counterfeiting and to give more secure ID. In reality,
it is not necessary for us to have passports. What is necessary is for the
government to know whether or not I am a U.S. citizen when I am entering
the country, and whether or not I should be detained because of some
criminal act. If I provide the government with a high quality ID, including
proof of citizenship, they should instantaneously be able to determine if I
am on a wanted list (including my foreign travel history). The idea of
having passports stamped is not only obsolete and useless, but just plain
silly. (Obviously, foreign governments would also have to agree to do away
with the existing passport system, to get the full advantages of the new
private ID systems.)
Again, we do not need a government issued ID. Those who require information
about us (including government agencies) should merely specify what
information they need and what forms are acceptable. Private companies can
then compete to give us the most secure, cost-effective, user-friendly
personal information and protection ID devices and systems.
Richard W. Rahn is a senior fellow of the Discovery Institute and an
adjunct scholar of the Cato Institute.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2009-11-11 09:31:30
@_author: Novmgtco at aol.com 
@_subject: Richard Rahn "Currency that Kills" The Washington Times 
The Washington  Times
_ (
Currency that Kills
By Richard W. Rahn
Published November 11,  2009
Converting to electronic money could prevent  disease
Can you imagine how many people have physically handled your money?
Do  you
know who has previously touched it? Did they have a flu virus or some
communicable disease that is transmitted by physical contact with an
infected  object? Physical paper currency is often dirty - not so much
to the
sight, but  it is a good home for dangerous microbes. It is often kept
warm by
our body heat  and even absorbs some body moisture - a perfect breeding
ground for bad stuff.
It has been well-known for decades that paper currency is a major source
of disease transmission. During the life of the average dollar bill,
it will
be  handled by hundreds, if not thousands, of people. It is hard to
think of
any  physical object that is handled by more different people than paper
currency.  Millions become ill every year as a result of handling
and a not  insignificant percentage of them die. The Centers for Disease
Control and  Prevention (CDC) estimates that 36,000 Americans die each
year from
flu-related  causes. How many people received the flu from paper
The precise  percentage is unknown, but if it is just 10 percent, that
translates into  a couple of million needlessly ill people and
thousands of
The good news is that it is no longer necessary to use paper currency in
the digital age. Payments of all types can be made by electronic means
- with
electronic banking; credit, debit and smart cards; and cell phones - all
of  which help the user avoid physical contact with dirty paper money.
Most  paper currencies are made largely from cotton cloth, which makes
very  absorbent.)
The bad news is that government policies are slowing down and, in many
cases, preventing the movement to the use of digital currencies. Most
electronic  payment systems require the user to have a bank account.
For decades, the
percentage of the population having a bank account grew, but that growth
stopped  a couple of decades ago as the government started its war on
laundering -  which, ironically, resulted in the unintended
consequence of
requiring more  people to handle dirty paper money.
Physical money is expensive to produce. It is subject to counterfeiting,
easily stolen and costly to handle. As noted, it is a major
transmitter of
disease. A rational and responsible government would be doing everything
possible to eliminate physical currency. But no - legislators and
have put destruction of the citizen's financial privacy and tax
above  reducing the costs and dangers of physical currency.
People will only move away from paper currency when they can easily
use  an
"electronic wallet" and have the ability to make non-identifiable and
non-traceable transactions. As noted above, an electronic wallet can
be a  credi
t, debit or smart card - a cell phone or a PC. The electronic money
can be
held in an electronic chip within the cell phone or other device or in a
depository account that can be in a bank, telecom company or some other
depository institution. Encryption software has become sufficiently
robust to
protect users of digital money and is far safer than holding or handling
physical cash.
In many parts of the world, monetary transfers by cell phone are
the norm - they are particularly useful for small payments. The
has become a world leader  in cell-phone payment systems and use.
Cell-phone use is expanding at a very  high rate through the
developing world -
already, in Africa, a third of the people have cell-phone
subscriptions, most of
which can be used for electronic payments. The fact is  that the
spread of
digital technologies will soon make it possible for all paper
currency to
become obsolete, but unfortunately, that is unlikely to happen
because of
the global political class.
The politicians and international bureaucrats are increasingly limiting
the ability of people to use non-highly regulated bank institutions as
depositories and clearinghouses for electronic money. As the political
demands ever-more-stringent and costly "know your customer" and other
anti-money-laundering regulations, fewer and fewer people can qualify
for bank
accounts. The young, who have no financial track record; the poor; and
in  transient occupations are particularly discriminated against and
are forced  to use inefficient, costly and unhygienic paper currency.
The political class is also increasingly requiring banks and other
depository institutions to spy on their customers and reveal all
transactions to
government officials - which gives individuals about as much privacy as
having  all their expenditures posted on a public Web site. Almost
occasionally  wants to keep some expenditures private; for example,
not wanting a
spouse or  loved one to know how much one spent on a gift; making an
anonymous or  confidential contribution to a church, charity or other
group; or even  using the Internet for legal gambling, porn, cigarette
alcohol expenditures,  etc.
Encryption technology has developed to the point where electronic
expenditures can be kept private if governments would only allow it.
The fact  is,
people will not give up the use of paper currency, for good or bad
until they know they will have the same anonymity with electronic
money as
they  do with paper currency. Meanwhile, each year, millions of people
needlessly get  sick and thousands die because the folks who run
Washington and
the other world capitals are  too dimwitted to understand the unintended
consequences of their financial  regulations - or are just plain
Richard W. Rahn is a  senior fellow at the Cato Institute and chairman
the Institute for Global  Economic Growth.
Copyright ) 2009 News World  Communications, Inc. All rights reserved.
