
@_date: 1995-02-08 23:38:21
@_author: Network Security Observations 
@_subject: NSO Challenge 95 Nr. 1 
Network Security Observations
Challenge Nr. 1995-001
February 8, 1995
Network Security Observations
invites the international research
community to produce a detailed
presentation on the following subject:
verification of a relationship and
untraceability of undeniable secret
transactions <
             Conditions
- Party A (Alice)
- Party B-n (Bob)
- A multitude of Bobs know who Alice is
- Alice - being only one party - does not
personally know who the Bobs are
- It is the desire of Alice to transact
- Bob - only producing a certain proof -
remains further a static party
- At one given time Alice established a
relationship with Bob-n
- Further, from time to time Alice wants
to check this relationship with Bob-n
- Alice may utilize the verification
process only for this purpose
- At a given point Alice might want to
terminate her relationship with Bob-n, or
vice versa
- It is essential that the relationship
between Alice and Bob-n is set up so that
Bob can prove to Alice that he is the
legitimate Bob, but, in such a way that
his real identity remains secret for Alice
- Alice can only use this procedure to
verify Bobs legitimacy
- Alice may only verify, but not register
- Alice may have the option to repeatedly
challenge Bob s legitimacy, but the
conditions under which these separate
verification checks take place may not be
registered as well
- Alice now wants that Bob can undeniably
prove to her that he is who he says he is,
by untraceable number verification, thus
without actually knowing the real identity
of Bob, and without the ability to utilize
the verification process for any other
The presentation should include the full
theoretical processes, applying known
cryptographic algorithms, the theories of
undeniable untraceable number verification
and secret transactions as developed by
Dr. David Chaum (see proceedings Crypto,
Eurocrypt, etc.), and envision a practical
applicability in a real world environment.
The presentations will be judged by a team
of seven international experts of senior
academic/research level.
The best presentation will receive
international acclaim (including, but not
limited to TV)  and a (secret)
financial reward of substance.
It is essential to register, (name,
surface mail address information,
affiliation, email address, p-pgp key
(optional)). One should do so by sending
an email message with this information to:
nso at delphi.com
Upon registration a notification and
detailed instructions will be mailed to
the individual who registers by surface
There is no limitation as to origin,
nationality, position, or seniority of the
The presentation may be made by more than
one researcher, but a lead-researcher must
be registered. Co-researchers will share
equally in the benefits, allowing for one
extra share for the lead-researcher. There is no set maximum number of pages for
the presentation, though an extended abstract must be at least 15 pages, while the full paper
must be at least 25 pages in length.
The lead-researcher and at least two co-
researchers (if any) must be prepared to
present the efforts in person during an
international conference.
Commercial entities/companies may not participate.
Employees of commercial entities/companies may
participate individually, but must testify that their
employer shall have no benefit of their efforts.
To allow for proper preparation the
deadlines are as follows:
1. registration with NSO: ends on March 1,
2. proposed presentations (extended
abstracts) should be received by NSO on or
before August 31, 1995.
3. final presentations must be received by
NSO on or before November 30, 1995.
The presentation selection/review process
takes place in three rounds:
- first selection of the extended
- correction selection of first round
- final selection of remaining passed
More details will be available in the next
issue of Internet Security Monthly and the
next supplement of Network Security
                  ----------------------X----------------------

@_date: 1995-02-10 17:02:53
@_author: Network Security Observations 
@_subject: So, what's it all about? 
In response to:
Can anybody tell me who this ignorant twit might be ? A correct name and an email address would help to educate him a bit.

@_date: 1995-02-10 23:20:30
@_author: Network Security Observations 
@_subject: new book pre announcement 
ISM/NSO received the manuscript of 'Cryptography: Theory and Practice'
Author is Doug Stinson (Comp. Science/Eng. dept. University of Nebraska).
Publisher is CRC Press Inc.
Pages: 434
Chapters: 13
Format: Hardbound trimmed book 8,5 x 5,5
ISBN: not available yet
Expected release: within 3 months
Price: not available yet
Preliminary review (a full review will be published in Internet Security
The book starts - obvious - with classical cryptography. Hopping from shift
cipher, to substitution, to affine, to vigenere, to hill, to permutation, and
ending in the range of simple cryptosystems with stream ciphers.  A mature
subchapter is devoted to cryptanalysis, covering the affine, the substitution
and the vigenere. And providing a known plaintext attack on the hill cipher. The subchapter ends with the cryptanalysis of the LFSR-based stream cipher.  A next chapter discusses in depth Shannon's theory. This is followed by the
inevitable discussion of the DES, its modes of operation and includes an
attack on a 3 round DES, and an attack on a 6 round DES.  Chapter 4 discusses
RSA and factoring. Touching also the not much discussed Chinese Remainder
theorem.. The Rabin scheme is reviewed. And within factoring Doug pays
attention to Dixon's Algorithm and the quadratic sieve.  Of course other
public key cryptosystems, as El Gamal, finite field, Merkle Hellman and
McEliece are discussed.  Doug explains signature schemes, as El Gamal and DSS
and touches undeniable and fail-stop. In Hash functions, after the basics,
among others MD4 and timestamping are issues of interest. In key distribution
and key agreement Blom's scheme, D-H, Kerberos, station to station, MIT key
agreement are noteworthy stops.  Another chapter goes into identification
scheme's discussing Schnorr, Okamoto, Guillou-Quisquater, and a general
overview of conversion processes from identification to signature.   In
authentication codes a good discussion on computing deception probabilities,
and combinatorial bounds. In the latter orthogonal arrays are a topic of
interest. Doug also views the entropy bounds on deception probabilities.  A
next chapter introduces the Shamir treshold, the monotone circuit construction and Ernie Brickell's vector space, among others.  A separate chapter is
devoted to pseudo-random numbers, giving examples. The indistinguishable
probability distributions and the Blum/Blum/Shub generator are noteworthy.
Extra attention for probabilistic encryption.  As common fur the subject,
close to the end of the book, zero-knowledge proofs are discussed in depth. The book is basically organized in three parts: private key cryptography,
public key cryptography and the introduction to four active research area's.
It's comprehensive in the 'core' area's of cryptography. Although
Cryptography: Theory and Practice is a text book, it certainly provides
researchers and practitioners in the field with material on less discussed
topics, and certainly invites for the development of new idea's.  The work
contains also a comprehensive reference section and the good workable index. Each chapter ends with exercise material. For the reader:
It is necessary to have at least some familiarity with basic linear algebra
and modular arithmetic. Compliments to Doug Stinson who sat many hours behind his terminal to get it
all straightened out, and to a professional publisher that is up to the job of putting it all in print in such a layout that student, researcher and professional are
encouraged. 11 February 1995
Internet Security Monthly
Network Security Observations
Editorial Office
Note: if you want to copy this short review, distribute it on the net, please do so at will. This review is not copyrighted.  If you want more information
on the book, consider sending us an email.
