
@_date: 1996-07-23 17:01:16
@_author: Nathan Syfrig 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks for copy protection in recent Billboard (fwd) 
I got the following from the e$pam service.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1996-07-28 02:31:18
@_author: Nathan Syfrig 
@_subject: The Four Horsemen Go to the Olympics! 
>Well, there was an explosion at the Olympics...  It may have been a bomb or
 >it may have been a transformer.
 >Expect this to be used as fuel as to why every one in America must be under
 >constant survelance by the Government.
 >The Four Horsemen are now an Olympic Event!
And here's your suspect (from anonymous):
I AM NOT GOING TO TOLERATE EXISTENCE OF A MEDIUM FOR CRIMINAL HACKERS
 AND MUNITIONS SMUGGLERS. I WILL COMPLAIN TO THE FBI IMMEDIATELY SO THAT THEY
 CAN TRACK YOU DOWN AND CLOSE THIS LIST.                            Now all you have to do is match this sentence structure with the 911 tape.  Maybe there's a correlation between an electronic fingerprint and fingerprints on the phone booth.
This is very worrysome, as it truly is a "world stage" event that could really serve to galvanize various governments into uniting against strong non-escrowed crypto.  Hey, it will look good for the international PR, never mind the fact that not everybody will be so 'diligent' in registering their keys and/or use the "approved" crypto.
And of course, this country just purchased another IBM computer for "nuclear simulation".  Gee, I wonder what else that power might be used for?  (but then again, it's from IBM, purveyor of the Olympics computer (standard not-my-emplyers-views disclaimer)

@_date: 1996-05-19 09:22:05
@_author: Nathan Syfrig 
@_subject: Why does the state still stand: 
I normally don't read or post to this list, so I'm hoping e$pam will pick
up any relevant replies or people Cc: me personally (information overload).
My ignorance is probably showing, but it seems that we have a real
fundamental problem here.  IP numbers of re-mailers, whether free or commercial, are easily identified and therefore become easy sniffing targets.  This means that the choke points currently used to censor and otherwise restrict information can easily come into play - i.e. ISP's (we've already seen censorship being applied to at the ISP level, so we have sufficient aggregation to filter and sniff).
Therefore, in the abscence of roving remailer destinations that change quick enough to evade some sniffing (notice, I didn't say avoid), it seems that there really is no anonymity.  Even if we could randomize destinations (a la Pirate Radio with roving dial locations), that would defeat the purpose - the ability to allow anybody to use anonymous remailers.  So, if we feel this capability is important (and I do), how do we solve the problem?
(usual "views are my own" diatribe here)
