
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:32:30
@_author: CJ Knight 
@_subject: NSA TAO Botnet 
I noticed this published here in the UK; the Guardian's drip-feeding
apparently didn't deem this one important enough for them to run.
"Dutch newspaper NRC Handelsblad reports that the elite NSA TAO
(Tailored Access Operations) hacking squad had used malware to establish
a zombie army with tentacles all across the world.
The malware serves as a sleeper agent on compromised PCs, waiting months
or longer before it activates and begins harvesting data. This stolen
information is covertly fed into the NSA's voracious data processing
apparatus. The malware (or "implants" in the lexicon of the NSA) is
slung onto compromised machines using Computer Network Exploitation, or
hacking, tactics."
Regards, CJ

@_date: 2014-05-29 21:23:27
@_author: NullDev 
@_subject: Truecrypt tinfoil hat testing 
Hash: SHA1
With exquisite timing, I bought a new external HDD yesterday
(28.05.14) and set about encrypting it with TrueCrypt. I installed via
the terminal as I'm on Linux, ie:
wget I extracted it, and encrypted my drive. The TrueCrypt website was
looking it's normal self at that point: I referred to it a few times
during the encryption.
However, no sooner had it finished at about 4pm UK time yesterday, I
received the first email from someone on the list about Truecrypt
pulling the plug. Their site had been changed to the one we see today,
recommending we switch to an alternative like, ahem, something as
fabulously secure as Bitlocker.
Ironic timing, huh? So, I have what was possibly the last download of
a version 7.1a tarball before everything went titsup, and if you read
what The Register said about Truecrypt's V.7.2 being
corrupted/infected/backdoored here:
Then theoretically I have something to wonder about. However, it would
appear that the date, checksum and verification are ok on what I
downloaded. It *seems* clean.
It would be interesting to see if it's in anyone's scope to compare
the source code with other versions of 7.1a for Linux: it's beyond
mine, apologies. If anyone wants me to send them the tarball I'll be
happy to oblige.
Let me know if I can be of assistance.
Best, NullDev

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: CJ Knight 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
Hash: SHA1
Hi Brian, and happy new year. Thanks for another thought provoking post.
A few things you might not be aware of happening over here in Europe,
specifically the UK:
We have ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) cameras in place on
every motorway junction, plus all major roads. They aren't advertised,
they look like plain grey boxes, but people are slowly catching on to
what they do, and how much they see. A journey from one end of the
country to the other can be tracked in real time.
An EU Directive has stated that all new cars must have inbuilt 3G
capability "in case of accidents". I personally do not believe this
reason, and suspect it's just another form of tracking surveillance.
Lastly, our government a few years back came up with an idea to fit
"black box" recorders in *all* cars but the public backlash was so
huge they shelved the idea. Instead, the insurance industry has
adopted the technology, so new drivers and those with a poor accident
record can opt to have one of these boxes fitted in return for a
discount on their insurance. It is now becoming a norm for young
people to take this option; when I ask them why they are prepared to
violate their own privacy they just shrug, but I guess privacy means
something different to the Facebook generation.
Conversely, it is now becoming *more* expensive to insure a car if you
do not have a black box; they have tried norming this by penalising
the law abiding (but privacy conscious).
Anyway, just thought you might like to know.
Best, CJ
