
@_date: 2001-10-04 08:03:34
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Peer to Peer Newscasting: Morpheus 
This could just be Morpheus folks (ie Music City Inc) trying to document
"public-good" filesharing uses so as to deter RIAA, MPAA types.
Listed below are examples of content created by Morpheus Users relating
to current important stories and events. Just click below and search for
images/audio/video news.
Important news is being captured by users each day, and it is never made
available to the public. Now you can do your part to make sure the news
will always be available to members of the Morpheus Users Network.
Imagine the power of a news organization with 20 million reporters
around the world. BE THE MEDIA!

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:04:13
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: pornographer with a flack jacket 
covered a
life one
Ok, Sandy crossed with Lucky.  What's your point?

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:12:15
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: The Martyrdom Videogame 
Because the US loses if it takes on all the misogynistic camelfuckers.
Gas prices would
double at least.
Christians need to start cultivating a martyrdom culture/generation.
Maybe a videogame
where you win by blowing yourself up and taking out a lot of
drugdealers^H^H^H^Hmoslems^H^H^H^Hwhatever the fuck the bogeymen du jour
Much more intense than tossing cruise missiles from afar.

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:14:12
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: To Jim Bell et al, from Chas Vest of MIT, re Martyr Airlines 
To the Alumnae and Alumni of MIT:
Our society has been shaken by events that had been beyond our
imagining. September 11, 2001 will stand as a generation-defining and
world-changing moment in our collective history and our personal lives.
For those of you who have been directly touched by this tragedy, I offer
my deepest sympathy.
Here on campus we have worked hard to ensure that our near-term response
is one of thoughtful discussion and reflection. Looking beyond the
campus, the Provost and I are in the process of establishing a process
to assess how MIT might contribute its expertise to the challenge of
protecting human life and the nation's infrastructure.
I would like to give you a sense of MITs campus life during this period
and how we have responded to the crisis. First, however, I want to
acknowledge that the funding appeal that most of you received recently
must have seemed like an inappropriate first communication after the
attack on our nation. These letters had been put into the mail system
before September 11.
As of October 2, the Alumni Association has received notice that seven
of your alumni friends and classmates have been confirmed as victims of
the terrorist attacks. Unfortunately, there are other alumni who are
still listed as missing, and our hearts go out to those families waiting
for word about their loved ones. If you are from one of the affected
areas and wish to let the MIT community know that you are safe, please
post a message on the Are You Okay? bulletin board at
It is during tragedies like this that we are reminded that our strength
lies in our sense of community. Please know that as MIT alumni, you are
part of a global network of support. It was heartening this past weekend
to see more than 300 alumni return to campus to participate in the
Alumni Leadership Conference, coming together to support each other and
the Institute at this difficult time. I am most grateful for your
commitment to and faith in all that is good about MIT.
The events of the past two weeks have tested us all. I believe that the
faculty, students, staff, and alumni of MIT have demonstrated a
wonderful sense of caring for each other and a resolve to sustain the
best values that define this university and our society. Immediately and
in the days that followed, faculty, students and staff developed many
programs and activities to help people understand and cope with the
crisis and its aftermath. These included keeping the chapel open and
attended at all hours; deans and counselors reaching out to students
across campus; vigils and prayer services; community gatherings and
discussion groups; creation of memorial spaces; blood drives and other
contributions to relief efforts; educational forums on campus and
online; and individual faculty and staff getting together with their
students, sometimes to discuss the crisis, sometimes to do something
entirely different, like a trip to the art museum.
To find out more about what has been happening on campus, please go to
 Or read some reflections from the
MIT community about the events of September 11 at
The past two weeks have not been without their tensions. Anxiety and
anger have followed the shock and we face a time of great uncertainty.
In these times especially, members of our community who are Muslim or
from Middle Eastern or other backgrounds need our reassurance as a
community that this occasion will not undermine our commitment to
respect, learn from and support each other. Looking ahead, I am
confident that we will sustain our vibrant sense of community throughout
the weeks and months ahead.
With best wishes,
Sincerely yours,
Charles M. Vest

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:38:32
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
How many pigs can a cruise missile carry?
Think STEN.

@_date: 2001-10-04 20:38:14
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: The Martyrdom Videogame 
So is Allah, baby.  Everyone's deity is infinately
compassionate except for the infidels.  Scams, all.

@_date: 2001-10-04 20:50:16
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
I think this is nearly as ludicrous as questioning the depth
of their delusions.
Right, and Jesus wouldn't have sniped a physician.
Secondly, I just
Either they were blending in (ie, counter counterintel) or
they were taking small karma hits and expected to be very in the
black when they got to St Peter's gates.
Admittedly there's some geopolitical/war- and personal- issues involved
hijackers' motivations, and maybe their generals were more obsessively
pious than
they, but I don't think you gain much by doubting their faith.
It is much harder to convince someone to kill themselves for you
without something supernatural (irrefutable, possibly tapping into
certain circuits) ---the japs had their emperor, etc.

@_date: 2001-10-05 08:03:40
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: American Death Squads 
Hey, his buddies are running psyops against the US citizenry, why
not everyone?
at selected points and
Long periods of boredom punctuated by.. (the latest MS virus?)
Gonna be hard to do with a tourniquet on the stump of leg left after
finding an old soviet souvenir.
If so, Barry didn't think of it.
Hey Barry ---how many of your friends lose their kids if the
put a 6-month-delay-toxin in their coke?

@_date: 2001-10-05 08:07:18
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Elian bin Laden 
High Altitude Low Opening...
How many night vision devices in Afghanistan?
This ain't snatching a little boy from some Cubans in Florida, honey.

@_date: 2001-10-05 08:35:06
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Opening shots in the war on Steganography 
Good introduction so far..
But here Joe Sixpack might get confused, because Joe hasn't been to
Europe to take an original picture, and doesn't sing.  Chet ought
to have said baby pictures or live audio recordings.
Fuck you Chet.

@_date: 2001-10-05 13:42:43
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Anthrax found in Florida 
And that Croatian just thought the busdriver was choking and did an
emergency tracheotomy.
And the Ukrainians are such poor shots...
Don't believe half of what you see
and none of what you hear
Lou Reed

@_date: 2001-10-05 13:54:03
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do more 
Notice how its not an evil "assault rifle" but a "combat rifle" now...
RESPONSE TO TERROR
L.A., S.F. Airports to Get National Guard
Safety: Soldiers armed with loaded M-16s will boost security, starting
today. The rifles will be
fired as a last resort, a spokesman says.
By PETER Y. HONG, TIMES STAFF WRITER
National Guard troops with M-16 assault rifles are to report for guard
duty at Los Angeles International and San Francisco airports today, in
a move Gov. Gray Davis called "a symbol of the changes that have
occurred at airports to enhance passenger safety."
But experts warn--and Guard officials acknowledge--that the show of
force against terrorism must be executed with great care to avoid
harming those it is meant to protect.
                    John Reppert, a retired Army general who is a
research center director
                    at Harvard University's Kennedy School of
Government, said the
                    presence of the National Guard may be most important
as a symbol.
                    "Frankly, in my opinion, the reason they are there
is to restore
                    confidence to the public," Reppert said. Carrying
M-16s, for instance,
                    is useful for intimidating wrong-doers and
reassuring skittish travelers,
                    he said. But actually firing a high-powered combat
rifle in an airport
                    terminal could do more harm than good.
                    "I would not want soldiers to use an M-16 in a
public place," Reppert
                    said. "Opening fire in an airport terminal is
dramatically different from
                    doing so in a village."
                    The harder bullet used by the assault rifle is more
likely to ricochet than
                    a round fired from a pistol, Reppert said, which
could harm
                    bystanders.
                    It might even be wise to keep the M-16s unloaded,
Reppert said. "As a commander, I would be
                    very nervous about a soldier carrying a loaded gun.
For one thing, he might drop it." It is also
                    "unlikely people are going to come in and try to
shoot their way to an airplane," he said.
                    It is common for soldiers on guard duty to keep
their guns unloaded, with ammunition ready in a
                    pouch. The sentries guarding the USS Cole when it
was bombed in October 2000 told the
                    Washington Post they did not have ammunition in
their guns, and did not think it made a difference
                    in the surprise attack.
                    But Maj. General Paul D. Monroe Jr., the top officer
of the California National Guard, said the
                    M-16s carried at LAX will be loaded. To fire the
weapon, the soldier must charge it by pulling a
                    handle and then release the safety mechanism, a
process that takes about two seconds, Monroe
                    said.
                    Maj. Stanley Zezotarski, a California National Guard
spokesman, noted, however, that Guard
                    troops would fire their weapons only as a last
resort, and would typically let armed airport police
                    officers take the lead in situations where shots
might be fired. Guard troops today use their
                    weapons sparingly, he said, pointing out that 22
shots were fired by the National Guard during the
                    1992 Los Angeles riots, though more than 20,000 were
fired by the Guard in the 1965 Watts
                    riots.

@_date: 2001-10-05 15:07:01
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do more 
[Formatted for legibility, line wrapping.  Please take the few moments
necessary to ensure posted material is readable.  KMSelf]
Notice how its not an evil "assault rifle" but a "combat rifle" now...
    RESPONSE TO TERROR
    L.A., S.F. Airports to Get National Guard
    Safety: Soldiers armed with loaded M-16s will boost security,
    starting today. The rifles will be fired as a last resort, a
    spokesman says.
    By PETER Y. HONG, TIMES STAFF WRITER
    National Guard troops with M-16 assault rifles are to report for
    guard duty at Los Angeles International and San Francisco airports
    today, in a move Gov. Gray Davis called "a symbol of the changes
    that have occurred at airports to enhance passenger safety."
    But experts warn--and Guard officials acknowledge--that the show of
    force against terrorism must be executed with great care to avoid
    harming those it is meant to protect.
    John Reppert, a retired Army general who is a research center
    director at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government, said
    the presence of the National Guard may be most important as a
    symbol.  "Frankly, in my opinion, the reason they are there is to
    restore confidence to the public," Reppert said. Carrying M-16s, for
    instance, is useful for intimidating wrong-doers and reassuring
    skittish travelers, he said. But actually firing a high-powered
    combat rifle in an airport terminal could do more harm than good.
    "I would not want soldiers to use an M-16 in a public place,"
    Reppert said. "Opening fire in an airport terminal is dramatically
    different from doing so in a village."
    The harder bullet used by the assault rifle is more likely to
    ricochet than a round fired from a pistol, Reppert said, which could
    harm bystanders.
    It might even be wise to keep the M-16s unloaded, Reppert said. "As
    a commander, I would be very nervous about a soldier carrying a
    loaded gun.  For one thing, he might drop it." It is also "unlikely
    people are going to come in and try to shoot their way to an
    airplane," he said.
    It is common for soldiers on guard duty to keep their guns unloaded,
    with ammunition ready in a pouch. The sentries guarding the USS Cole
    when it was bombed in October 2000 told the Washington Post they did
    not have ammunition in their guns, and did not think it made a
    difference in the surprise attack.
    But Maj. General Paul D. Monroe Jr., the top officer of the
    California National Guard, said the M-16s carried at LAX will be
    loaded. To fire the weapon, the soldier must charge it by pulling a
    handle and then release the safety mechanism, a process that takes
    about two seconds, Monroe said.
    Maj. Stanley Zezotarski, a California National Guard spokesman,
    noted, however, that Guard troops would fire their weapons only as a
    last resort, and would typically let armed airport police officers
    take the lead in situations where shots might be fired. Guard troops
    today use their weapons sparingly, he said, pointing out that 22
    shots were fired by the National Guard during the 1992 Los Angeles
    riots, though more than 20,000 were fired by the Guard in the 1965
    Watts riots.

@_date: 2001-10-06 08:08:21
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: The Martyrdom Videogame 
Actually this comment isn't about religions ---its about
what happens when a more aggressive culture meets
one less so.  The losers get to run casinos at best.
Guns germs & steel.  And suicide bombers.
A culture that has them has advantages over a risk-averse one.
My commentary also alluded to the demonization of the enemy,
done by the 'faithful' of both flavors.  I was sarcastic, ie expressing
author's disdain for this demonization.  This follows my
black humor, which is cynicism about the actual reality
of competing-civilizations (named by their dominant religion)
and the way they (ab)use their (young male) subscribers.
Thanks for the opportunity to clarify.

@_date: 2001-10-06 11:51:15
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Satellite of love 
Spy Satellite Launched From Calif.
By Associated Press
VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. -- A secret satellite for
the National Reconnaissance Office was launched into orbit Friday by
a giant Titan 4B rocket.
The Titan lifted off at 2:21 p.m. and the payload separated nine minutes
later, the Air Force said. The mission was not disclosed.
Technical problems had delayed the launch since Monday.
Outside experts have said the satellite was likely equipped with a
camera able to show objects as small as 4 inches diameter on the
                    The NRO builds and operates the nation's spy
satellites. Prior to 1996,
                    it did not publicly disclose the launches of its
                    The launch was the 33rd of a Titan 4, the nation's
largest unmanned
                    launch vehicle. Four Titan 4 launches have failed,
including three in
                    1998 and 1999.
                    Built by Lockheed Martin, Titan 4s can put a
47,800-pound payload
                    into low-Earth orbit or more than 12,700 pounds into
                    orbit 22,300 miles above the Earth.
                        I saw two shooting stars last night
                      I wished on them but they were only satellites
                      It's wrong to wish on space hardware
                      I wish, I wish, I wish you'd care
A new England
  Billy Bragg

@_date: 2001-10-06 18:14:00
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: WTC Collapse Alternative 
Window cleaners with det cord and/or linear shaped charges.
"For you; not me" -Devo

@_date: 2001-10-07 10:51:01
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Pilots threaten strike if kept disarmed 
News - October 5, 2001
            Pilots threaten to stop
            service if kept unarmed
            By KATHRYN MARCHOCKI
            Union Leader Staff
            Commercial airline pilots will be asked to suspend air
service if they cannot have trained,
            armed pilots in the cockpits, a New Hampshire pilot said.
            A resolution that will be circulated among the various
councils of the 67,000-member Air
            Line Pilots Association this month asks federal regulations
be changed to allow for the
            voluntary arming of flight crew members, Robert Giuda, a
United Airlines captain of
            Warren said.
            Had we had armed pilots on Sept. 11, we wouldnt have the
horrific tragedy that were
            dealing with at this point, Giuda said of the four hijacked
            Pilots would first get training in firearms by the FBI and
would use their weapons only to
            defend against an attempted breach of the cockpit, the
resolution said.
            The resolution also calls for federal licensing of pilots to
carry concealed weapons and for
            the government to indemnify air carriers and their employees
against the legitimate use of a
            firearm.
            If those steps are not carried out, the resolution calls for
a national suspension of air
            service, at such times and in such manner as is deemed
appropriate by the leadership of the
            Air Line Pilots Association.
            Were hearing members of Congress say they dont want a
bunch of armed hooligans
            running around, said Giuda, a New Hampshire state
            He said there was no more professionalized,
highly-scrutinized group of people in the
            world than airline pilots.
            The security of the flight deck cannot depend solely on
armed sky marshals, he said.
            Sky marshals can be picked out of a crowd and, if
overpowered, would provide a hijacker
            with a weapon, Giuda said.
            Its time to throw the gauntlet to the mat. We are going to
get politicized into unarmed
            cockpits and then well get shot with the guns the marshals
used because they will be taken
            away from them, he added.
            Arming pilots introduces the element of risk, fear and
doubt into the mind of a potential
            hijacker, he said.

@_date: 2001-10-07 11:48:51
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Pilots threaten strike if kept disarmed 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please take the few moments required to
ensure that materials posted are readable.  KMSelf]
News - October 5, 2001
    Pilots threaten to stop
    service if kept unarmed
    By KATHRYN MARCHOCKI
    Union Leader Staff
    Commercial airline pilots will be asked to suspend air
    service if they cannot have trained, armed pilots in the cockpits, a
    New Hampshire pilot said.
    A resolution that will be circulated among the various councils of
    the 67,000-member Air Line Pilots Association this month asks
    federal regulations be changed to allow for the voluntary arming of
    flight crew members, Robert Giuda, a United Airlines captain of
    Warren said.
    "Had we had armed pilots on Sept. 11, we wouldn't have the
    horrific tragedy that we're dealing with at this point," Giuda
    said of the four hijacked jetliners.
    Pilots would first get training in firearms by the FBI and would use
    their weapons only to defend against an attempted breach of the
    cockpit, the resolution said.
    The resolution also calls for federal licensing of pilots to carry
    concealed weapons and for the government to indemnify air carriers
    and their employees against the legitimate use of a firearm.
    If those steps are not carried out, the resolution calls for a
    national suspension of air service, at such times and in such manner
    as is deemed appropriate by the leadership of the Air Line Pilots
    Association."
    "We're hearing members of Congress say they don't want a bunch of
    armed hooligans running around," said Giuda, a New Hampshire state
    representative.
    He said there was "no more professionalized, highly-scrutinized
    group of people in the world than airline pilots."
    The security of the flight deck cannot depend solely on armed sky
    marshals, he said.
    Sky marshals can be picked out of a crowd and, if overpowered, would
    provide a hijacker with a weapon, Giuda said.
    "It's time to throw the gauntlet to the mat. We are going to get
    politicized into unarmed cockpits and then we'll get shot with the
    guns the marshals used because they will be taken away from them,"
    he added.
    Arming pilots introduces the element of "risk, fear and doubt"
    into the mind of a potential hijacker, he said.

@_date: 2001-10-13 18:31:57
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Amerikan sickness 
Kid played with the TV channels.  Left it on Sen. Lieberman sucking
"Rev" Schiller's cock in his cry$tal cathedral.  Noting that their God
will will make them victorious.
Flag waving does not cure culture rot.

@_date: 2001-10-14 11:22:44
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: geopoker 
I see your gps-bbuster and raise you a railcar of phosgene upwind of a
Or the first domestic FAM using unodorized gas in a metro area.
What part of "asymmetric warfare" don't you understand?

@_date: 2001-10-14 11:59:09
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Got Beef?  Re: evil empire meets evil disease 
Old news.  UK does this research too; not just poppies, but cannabis,
coca, etc.  Its current
Of course, the US is *currently* engaged in biowar in Columbia, spraying
(which you can buy at home depot, and kills everything it touches, the
locals' food too).
But the folks with the Soviet Sub Surplus connections haven't taken it
personally yet.
The *real* fun would be the introduction of hoof and mouth disease into
the livestock regions of the country.  Auction sites would be
good as lots of flux, like sneezing variola in an airport.
What was that Terry Gilliam movie, 12 monkeys?

@_date: 2001-10-14 13:20:55
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: brown sugar, how come you dance so sweet? 
Actually pollen would be a lot closer than unfiltered sugar.
I believe lycopodium (a moss) spores are used as anthrax simulant,
you know, the powder in the vial you toss at the congresscritters
at the beginning of the Meeting, to make them mess their pants
and give your Project money.
rid of
history so
You may be interested in what David Brin writes about cultures actually
(some) eccentricity in _Transparent Society_.   He also groks the
metaphor of societal
antibodies (and "T-cells" etc).

@_date: 2001-10-14 20:50:49
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: John Young Interpretation Society 
The John Young Interpretation Society proffers these notes especially to
1. John Henry --look it up, american folklore/song about man vs.
John H. lost to a railroad-nail driving machine.  An industrial Kasparov
vs. IBM.
2. Anthrac, quack quack,
derived from Aflac, some sort of US insurance company, which uses a
in its adverts, the bird's quacking sounding like the company name.
Quack is also
slang for sham doctor.   Nice multiple meanings there, soundplay, in
this one.
"Waitress, what kind of rhizome is that gentleman smoking?"

@_date: 2001-10-14 21:03:59
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: brown sugar, how come you dance so sweet? 
Ok -this time :-)
I was pretty much paraphrasing Brin, who (agree or not) writes of
topics, though with more subtlety than implied by my brief reading

@_date: 2001-10-14 21:20:09
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Osama bin Stego 
In  Drudge writes
"Not only Bin Laden's words but the 'configuration' of certain items on
the set were said to
have worried the Premier."
(E.g., rifle positioning)
I also noted that both the Taliban and Osama's last statements included
references to
"fire" --the mere repetition across two messages could be the indicator,
the word itself
a codeword.
Look ma, no computers used!
Got Potassium Iodide?

@_date: 2001-10-15 08:35:52
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Roadblocks to Find Unlicensed Drivers LEGAL 
WASHINGTON (AP) - Ohio drivers lost a Supreme Court appeal Monday that
asked whether police roadblocks to check for unlicensed drivers violated
the Constitution's guarantee against unreasonable searches or stops.
The court, without comment, declined to hear the case of two Dayton men
cited for driving without licenses in 1998.
"We're pleased with the decision," said Dayton city prosecutor Deirdre
Logan. "These types of checkpoints don't violate the Constitution. We
intend to do more checkpoints."
Police generally need a court warrant or a reason to suspect someone of
a crime before detaining them for several minutes. But in past rulings,
the nation's highest court allowed police to set up sobriety checkpoints
aimed at randomly detecting drunken drivers and border roadblocks to
intercept illegal immigrants.
In both instances the court found that benefits to public safety and
order outweighed the inconvenience and loss of privacy suffered by
Last year, the court invalidated random checkpoints intended to catch
drug criminals.
Law enforcement in and of itself is not a good enough reason to stop
innocent motorists, the 6-3 majority concluded in that case, called
Indianapolis v. Edmond.
The court has not ruled squarely on the question of whether catching
license violations is reason enough to erect a roadblock. Licenses are
checked at sobriety checkpoints, but catching drunks is the main aim.
In the Dayton case, Magus D. Orr and Andre L. Smith were ticketed in
June 1998, when police ran several checkpoints throughout the city. The
men claim the stops were unconstitutional because police had no
particular reason to suspect one motorist over another.
"The idea that government agents may seize people at checkpoints without
having any suspicion of wrongdoing it very un-American," lawyers for the
two men wrote in asking the Supreme Court to hear the appeal.
Dayton police stopped cars according to a prearranged pattern - say
every 10th car or every fourth - and a sign posted 100 yards away warned
drivers they might be stopped.
Police asked for a license, and if the driver had none the officer ran a
computer check. For most people, the stop lasted no more than two
minutes, police said.
The city argued that roadblocks improved public safety by catching
drivers who are more likely to pose a danger, and who would not be
immediately recognizable to police any other way.
"Checkpoints allow detection of unlicensed or unqualified drivers before
some intervening event, such as when an accident or injury to the public
occurs," lawyers for the city wrote in urging the Supreme Court not to
review the men's appeal.
Approximately one in eight drivers in Dayton had no valid license, and
about 30 percent of traffic citations issued in the city were for
license violations, the city claimed.
The Ohio Supreme Court unanimously upheld the roadblocks in May.
The case is Orr v. Ohio, 01-253.

@_date: 2001-10-15 08:37:28
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Hilary rushes checkpoint, injures cop 
Clinton OK after airport incident
                            (10/14/01) YONKERS - A bizarre accident at
                            Westchester County Airport involved Senator
                            Clinton's entourage Sunday.
                            Sources tell News 12 Westchester that a
vehicle in
                            Senator Clinton's security team tried to
bypass a
                            mandatory check point at the airport, which
has been
                            under a heightened state of alert since the
                            attacks. A county police officer attempting
to stop the
                            vehicle from getting through injured his
shoulder. That
                            officer was taken to Saint Agnes Hospital in
                            Plains, and his condition is not known.
                            Senator Clinton, who turned 54 Sunday, was
en route to
                            board a private jet to an unreleased
destination. The
                            former first lady could not be reached for

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:05:56
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: hoaxing, anonymity, traceability, unabomb crypto 
Remember not only to wear gloves when Anthraxing,
but to obtain your common materials from another city visited
tracelessly.  The prints of the salesclerks can give you away.
Maybe wash the paper in solvents?
This is why Ted K. sanded all the parts of his gizmos, even
though he wore gloves, ---to erase others' prints.  According
to the book by Shores & Waits.
Ted K. also encrypted his 'queerer' (more incriminating) stuff, with a
homemade cipher,
but he included the "key" amongst his written materials.  Classic
mistake.  [Alas
more details of algorithm not given; maybe strike up a written
correspondance with TK?]
Anthrax by Gatorade: Is it in you?

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:09:41
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Company sends powder via mail; USPO says OK 
Lets see... anything labelled 720 Winners Circle, St. Cloud, Minn is
What part of "social engineering" don't you understand?
Packet-routed networks are networks, and addresses can be spoofed.
Postal Service Informs of Mailings
                  The Associated Press
                  Wednesday, Oct. 17, 2001; 1:39 p.m. EDT
                  ST. PAUL, Minn.  With fears of anthrax in the mail
running high, postal
                  inspectors in St. Paul have given their colleagues a
heads-up that
                  Publishers Clearinghouse is sending out packages of
powdered detergent.
                  "There's nothing to be alarmed about in that package,"
Inspector Jeanne
                  Graupman said. She added: "Just the timing of it
wasn't very good."
                  The Oxyclean household cleanser is being sent out in
1=-pound packages
                  with the return address 720 Winners Circle, St. Cloud,
                  The St. Paul Postal Inspection Service issued an
advisory to inspectors
                  Tuesday. Graupman said she sent the memo after postal
inspectors got a
                  call from a worried customer who had received a leaky
package of the
                  powder.
                  Chris Irving, senior director of consumer affairs for
                  Clearinghouse in Port Washington, N.Y., said Oxyclean
is being mailed
                  only to customers who ordered it.
                  Publishers Clearinghouse sells household items in
addition to magazine
                  subscriptions.

@_date: 2001-10-18 08:25:05
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
Talking is not the same as thinking.  Look at politicians.

@_date: 2001-10-18 08:42:59
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: govt-licensed broadcaster bans songs 
:
... He passed on to me a confidential memo from the radio conglomerate
owns his station: Clear Channel, the company that has bought up 1,200
stations altogether -- 247 of them in the nation's 250 largest radio
markets -- and that not only dominates the Top 40 format, but controls
60% of all rock-radio listening.
The company has ordered its stations not to play a list of 150 songs
during this "national emergency." The list, incredibly, includes "Bridge
Over Troubled Water," "Peace Train," and John Lennon's "Imagine."
[ Ed note: they should have included Brian Eno's BURNING AIRLINES GIVE
YOU SO MUCH MORE.  They got Talking Head's BURNING DOWN THE HOUSE
but not LIFE DURING WARTIME.]
Songs banned on corporate radio Tuesday 18 Sep 2001
author: microradio at lists.tao.ca
Another Gathering of Judgment Calls in the Wake of Disaster September
14, 2001
In response to Tuesday's terrorist attacks, Clear Channel, the
world's largest radio network, has sent out a list of some 150
"lyrically questionable" songs by everyone from the Animals to the
Zombies to its radio stations, recommending that the songs not be
aired. Some songs are overtly violent in their intent, but the
majority simply contain metaphorical language or narrative aspects
that connect uncomfortably with the tragedy.
Clear Channel's List of
Songs with Questionable Lyrics
Artist Title
Drowning Pool "Bodies"
Mudvayne "Death Blooms"
Megadeth "Dread and the Fugitive"
Megadeth "Sweating Bullets"
Saliva "Click Click Boom"
P.O.D. "Boom"
Metallica "Seek and Destroy"
Metallica "Harvester or Sorrow"
Metallica "Enter Sandman"
Metallica "Fade to Black"
All Rage Against The Machine songs
Nine Inch Nails "Head Like a Hole"
Godsmack "Bad Religion"
Tool "Intolerance"
Soundgarden "Blow Up the Outside World"
AC/DC "Shot Down in Flames"
AC/DC "Shoot to Thrill"
AC/DC "Dirty Deeds"
AC/DC "Highway to Hell"
AC/DC "Safe in New York City"
AC/DC "TNT"
AC/DC "Hell's Bells"
Black Sabbath "War Pigs"
Black Sabbath "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath"
Black Sabbath "Suicide Solution"
Dio "Holy Diver"
Steve Miller "Jet Airliner"
Van Halen "Jump"
Queen "Another One Bites the Dust"
Queen "Killer Queen"
Pat Benatar "Hit Me with Your Best Shot"
Pat Benatar "Love is a Battlefield"
Oingo Boingo "Dead Man's Party"
REM "It's the End of the World as We Know It"
Talking Heads "Burning Down the House"
Judas Priest "Some Heads Are Gonna Roll"
Pink Floyd "Run Like Hell"
Pink Floyd "Mother"
Savage Garden "Crash and Burn"
Dave Matthews Band "Crash Into Me"
Bangles "Walk Like an Egyptian"
Pretenders "My City Was Gone"
Alanis Morissette "Ironic"
Barenaked Ladies "Falling for the First Time"
Fuel "Bad Day"
John Parr "St. Elmo's Fire"
Peter Gabriel "When You're Falling"
Kansas "Dust in the Wind"
Led Zeppelin "Stairway to Heaven"
The Beatles "A Day in the Life"
The Beatles "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds"
The Beatles "Ticket To Ride"
The Beatles "Obla Di, Obla Da"
Bob Dylan/Guns N Roses "Knockin' on Heaven's Door"
Arthur Brown "Fire"
Blue Oyster Cult "Burnin' For You"
Paul McCartney and Wings "Live and Let Die"
Jimmy Hendrix "Hey Joe"
Jackson Brown "Doctor My Eyes"
John Mellencamp "Crumbling Down"
John Mellencamp "I'm On Fire"
U2 "Sunday Bloody Sunday"
Boston "Smokin"
Billy Joel "Only the Good Die Young"
Barry McGuire "Eve of Destruction"
Steam "Na Na Na Na Hey Hey"
Drifters "On Broadway"
Shelly Fabares "Johnny Angel"
Los Bravos "Black is Black"
Peter and Gordon "I Go To Pieces"
Peter and Gordon "A World Without Love"
Elvis "(You're the) Devil in Disguise"
Zombies "She's Not There"
Elton John "Benny & The Jets"
Elton John "Daniel"
Elton John "Rocket Man"
Jerry Lee Lewis "Great Balls of Fire"
Santana "Evil Ways"
Louis Armstrong "What A Wonderful World"
Youngbloods "Get Together"
Ad Libs "The Boy from New York City"
Peter Paul and Mary "Blowin' in the Wind"
Peter Paul and Mary "Leavin' on a Jet Plane"
Rolling Stones "Ruby Tuesday"
Simon And Garfunkel "Bridge Over Troubled Water"
Happenings "See You in Septemeber"
Carole King "I Feel the Earth Move"
Yager and Evans "In the Year 2525"
Norman Greenbaum "Spirit in the Sky"
Brooklyn Bridge "Worst That Could Happen"
Three Degrees "When Will I See You Again"
Cat Stevens "Peace Train"
Cat Stevens "Morning Has Broken"
Jan and Dean "Dead Man's Curve"
Martha & the Vandellas "Nowhere to Run"
Martha and the Vandellas/Van Halen "Dancing in the Streets"
Hollies "He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother"
San Cooke Herman Hermits, "Wonder World"
Petula Clark "A Sign of the Times"
Don McLean "American Pie"
J. Frank Wilson "Last Kiss"
Buddy Holly and the Crickets "That'll Be the Day"
John Lennon "Imagine"
Bobby Darin "Mack the Knife"
The Clash "Rock the Casbah"
Surfaris "Wipeout"
Blood Sweat and Tears "And When I Die"
Dave Clark Five "Bits and Pieces"
Tramps "Disco Inferno"
Paper Lace "The Night Chicago Died"
Frank Sinatra "New York, New York"
Creedence Clearwater Revival "Travelin' Band"
The Gap Band "You Dropped a Bomb On Me"
Alien Ant Farm "Smooth Criminal"
3 Doors Down "Duck and Run"
The Doors "The End"
Third Eye Blind "Jumper"
Neil Diamond "America"
Lenny Kravitz "Fly Away"
Tom Petty "Free Fallin'"
Bruce Springsteen "I'm On Fire"
Bruce Springsteen "Goin' Down"
Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight"
Alice in Chains "Rooster"
Alice in Chains "Sea of Sorrow"
Alice in Chains "Down in a Hole"
Alice in Chains "Them Bone"
Beastie Boys "Sure Shot"
Beastie Boys "Sabotage"
The Cult "Fire Woman"
Everclear "Santa Monica"
Filter "Hey Man, Nice Shot"
Foo Fighters "Learn to Fly"
Korn "Falling Away From Me"
Red Hot Chili Peppers "Aeroplane"
Red Hot Chili Peppers "Under the Bridge"
Smashing Pumpkins "Bullet With Butterfly Wings"
System of a Down "Chop Suey!"
Skeeter Davis "End of the World"
Rickey Nelson "Travelin' Man"
Chi-Lites "Have You Seen Her"
Animals "We Gotta Get Out of This Place"
Fontella Bass "Rescue Me"
Mitch Ryder and the Detroit Wheels "Devil with the Blue Dress"
James Taylor "Fire and Rain"
Edwin Starr/Bruce Springstein "War"
Lynyrd Skynyrd "Tuesday's Gone"
Limp Bizkit "Break Stuff"
Green Day "Brain Stew"
Temple of the Dog "Say Hello to Heaven"
Sugar Ray "Fly"
Local H "Bound for the Floor"
Slipknot "Left Behind, Wait and Bleed"
Bush "Speed Kills"
311 "Down"
Stone Temple Pilots "Big Bang Baby," Dead and Bloated"
Soundgarden "Fell on Black Days," Black Hole Sun"
Nina "99 Luft Balloons/99 Red Balloons"
Burned all my notebooks, what good are notebooks?
                         They won't help me survive
                   My chest is aching, burns like a furnace
                         the burning keeps me alive
                    Try to stay healthy, physical fitness
                       don't want to catch no disease
                  Try to be careful, don't take no chances
                       you better watch what you say

@_date: 2001-10-18 08:51:38
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Detainees, Personal Libertarianism, and Vengeance 
Depends.  Males, including what are now called 'minors', of the defeated
may be killed at will, according to the (admittedly archaic but still
worshipped) texts of the dominant religions in places like US, Arabia,
According to the pissed off arabs, the US has been starving arab
The US certainly hauled asian children out to the desert
in the last official war.  Just label them 'collateral damage', drop
some vegetarian rations on them, and you can feel good about yourself
while you
count your cropdusters..

@_date: 2001-10-18 08:54:26
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Next act of the drama ? 
Nice of them not to inform the public of the chems themselves,
which would be useful.
Got Phosgene?

@_date: 2001-10-18 09:03:27
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
And quantum superposition.  Put that in your pipe and toast it.

@_date: 2001-10-18 09:10:03
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: used lab equiptment 
For sale, used:
1 incubator & culturing gear
2 freeze drying equiptment
3 ultrasonicator capable of powderizing to 1 micron

@_date: 2001-10-18 10:11:43
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
Everyone seems to have forgotten about NYPD's fondness for plungers
up the butt, or perforating immigrants offering their wallet.
Maybe a building falling on them was Infinite Justice.

@_date: 2001-10-18 13:47:16
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: "Expert" fooled by Bert Stego 
Osama bin
And one
as some people have stupidly suggested. It is a signal.
Bert Stego?  Occam's razor, dude.
in 1980
areas of
relating to
Physics at
He might be smart, and the rest of what he says is interesting,
but he has paranoid delusions W.R.T. Bert.

@_date: 2001-10-18 17:05:25
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Books being banned on planes... 
the spot. By
law. I
But the security personnel joke all they want.
I flew out of San Jose after they gotten national guardsmen.
Going through security, a security dude looks at my bottle of water,
opens it, sniffs it, and acts like he's just whiffed sarin.  Then
he smiles and puts it back in my bag.  I'm thinking, what an asshole,
if I did that I'd be screwed.  And I'm lucky no nervous guardsman
saw his stunt from across the room and didn't see the laugh
while he was slinging his M-16 around..
Wonder what they'll think if I bring my copy of _Demolition: the art of
dismantling imploding toppling & razing_ by H. Liss & the Loizeauxs.
The cover
is a four-picture series of a hotel falling, less cleanly than the WTC
actually.  (But
it looks like it was brick.)
Or maybe _Why buildings fall down_ which has a B-25 bomber flying
into a skyscraper (ca. 1945).  Don't need Hollywood for that idea.

@_date: 2001-10-18 17:20:19
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithm 
@_subject: Do SpecOps set aside a pair of clean underwear for Somalias? 
soldiers are dragged in Afghanistan
One bomb got USG out of Lebanon.
A few stingers and some underwear on CNN got USG out of Somalia.
Bombs didn't work for crusaders in Arabian barracks or warship.
think oil is so addictive, but it is.  People will die to get it.
Maybe Osama's brother will recognize his writing and turn him into the
