
@_date: 2002-06-04 06:26:54
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: European Data Retention and Encryption for Dummies 
I strongly support your idea.  Although it would even be more
useful if you added:
c)  e-mail address user certs authenticated via confirmation
message sent to the e-mail address being certified
(as Lucky suggested)
d)  fully enable all certificates for all purposes, thereby
allowing the certificate to sign code.
I hope that you are able to implement this idea, as all efforts
to increase the volume of encryption on the internet will
ultimately increase privacy and show strong public support for
cryptography in general.
... Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup

@_date: 2002-06-19 05:39:27
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: Move our monthly meetings 
I am not that comfortable with this idea:
1.  The meeting location is not generally known.
2.  I prefer the "open-air" arrangement (public place with good
view of the environment).
3.  I also prefer the "open-seating" arrangement (precise
location determined on the fly).
After all, cypherpunks are supposed to be paranoid...
Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup

@_date: 2002-05-24 12:07:48
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: NAI pulls out the DMCA stick 
While we are on the subject of issuing your own X.509
1.  How do you create a X.509 signing hierarchy?
2.  Can you add additional algorithms (ie. Twofish)?
3.  Is a relavent developer reference is available for X.509?
LAUNCH - Your Yahoo! Music Experience

@_date: 2002-05-24 12:21:54
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: Joe Sixpack doesn't run Linux 
The lack of e-mail detailing financial transactions is also the
reason many businesses chose not to incur the overhead of
secure communications.
If there were servers on the internet which automatically
displayed all plaintext e-mail messages which passed through
them as webpages (for the bored, curious, and opportunistic),
THEN everyone would see the value of encrypted e-mail.
LAUNCH - Your Yahoo! Music Experience

@_date: 2002-05-26 16:04:37
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: PGP - when you care enough to send the very best! 
It is strange that crypto was a lot more popular back when
cryptography export was heavily controlled.  Many people fought
for their crypto rights, but cannot be bothered with encrypted
e-mail.  It is similar to securing the right to vote and then
declining to do so.
Lucky indicates that strong crypto has gone "under the hood"
and is now "mainstream" and "ubiquitous".  This is not true.  There are countless e-mail and instant
messages sent as plaintext across networks, through wireless,
and over the Internet.
Also "under-the-hood" is a risky place for crypto.  It may be
"patched" or "upgraded" right out of your system.  Or perhaps
"improved" to 40-bit for optimum performance.
Stand alone cryptography is best.  I enjoy sealing my personal
letters in an envelope.  I am uncomfortable entrusting that
process to a third-party, or to the mailman.  I am similarly
uncomfortable entrusting e-mail encryption to an embedded
system and cached authentication systems.
You may be asking yourself: where, oh where, has all the crypto
gone? Where are the BlackNet's? Where is the untraceable Ecash?
Where is the Cryptanarchy that we've been waiting for? For that
matter...where is the crypto?
The staunchest Cypherpunk will by now have noticed that PGP/GPG
usage even amongst list members, once the bellwether indicator
of Cypherpunks crypto adoption success, is in decline.
...(segment elided)
Where has the crypto gone? The crypto has gone under the hood,
away from the UI, to a place where the crypto will be of most
use to the average user. Yes, for crypto to be secure against
the active, well resourced, attacker, the crypto must at one
point touch the user to permit the user to make a trust
decision. But to secure communications from passive and/or less
resourced attacker, crypto can be placed under the hood.
...(segment elided)
Where has all the crypto gone? It has gone mainstream. Some of
you may remember the discussions from years ago how we should
try to find a way to make crypto cool and attractive for the
average person.
...(segment elided)
Crypto has gone as mainstream as can be. While crypto for
crypt's sake may not have become cool to everybody, crypto has
become a Must Have for your average 14 year-old high school
freshman girl. Crypto has become ubiquitous.
Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup

@_date: 2002-05-29 06:03:13
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: Key verification schemes... 
(in response to a topic mentioned in various threads)
I agree that neither CA-verification nor WoT-verification is as
useful as Key Fingerprint-verification for secure communication
between crypto-aware individuals.  After all, CA's can be
subverted and WoT is probably best used as a back-up option
when direct key verification is not possible.  Key Fingerprints
can be verified in both PGP and S/MIME, but neither system
enforces it.  I would prefer for Key Fingerprint-verification
to be more central to the system.
Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup

@_date: 2002-05-29 08:34:32
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
I agree that under-the-hood encryption is becoming more and
more prevalent, and that it generally improves security.  Also,
the widespread use of encryption technology helps protect
cryptorights in general as important to the public good.
The fundamental problem with "under-the-hood" is that the user
is not required to have any understanding of the process. Furthermore encryption technology is often also authentication
This includes transparently sending S/MIME documents (encrypted
and/or signed) as a default without requiring additional user
intervention.  In many places this results in legally binding
documents.  Furthermore, anyone with access to a system can
send legally binding e-mail documents on the user's behalf. Both legally-binding and authentication technology should not
be completely transparent.  Even "EULA's" require
user-intervention.  Digitally signed messages should require
user-intervention. ... Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup

@_date: 2002-05-29 10:21:02
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
I agree that the signer does not need to understand the
mathematics or underlying technology for digital signatures to
be viable.  However, what good is an agreement when the parties
do not know what the terms of the agreement are?  A signature
(digital or otherwise) generally indicates that the signer not
only made an agreement, but also understood the agreement.
A digital signatures must involve a conscious decision by the
signer to keep their part of an agreement.  I maintain that
this requires user intervention to verify that the signer knew
that they making an agreement - a "click of understanding" or
pass phrase.
Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup

@_date: 2002-05-30 05:16:44
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
I concur.  The problem is that the most prevalent e-mail
program (Outlook) requires no user intervention as a default
when signing and/or encrypting a message with S/MIME.  One can
override the default to "High Security" (requiring password)
only while the X.509 certificate is being installed.
I also agree that alternative authorization mechanisms (or
combination thereof) are entirely appropriate:  smartcards,
flashcards, biometric readers, magnetic strips, bar codes, etc.
 Different schemes will work provided the hardware is available
and adequate authentication can be assured.
Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup

@_date: 2002-09-23 14:35:11
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: Best Windows XP drive encryption program? 
DriveCrypt Plus does everything you want.  I believe it may
have descended from ScramDisk (Dave Barton's disk encryption
New DSL Internet Access from SBC & Yahoo!

@_date: 2002-09-25 04:13:41
@_author: Curt Smith 
@_subject: Best Windows XP drive encryption program? 
You are correct, I screwed up.
They were both co-hosted at:
The site was updated and is authorship is very clear.
New DSL Internet Access from SBC & Yahoo!
