
@_date: 2000-12-17 10:57:25
@_author: Tiarnan O Corrain 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. (fwd) 
References: Not quite true. It was the symbol carried by Roman jurists as a sign of
their authority. A weapon, perhaps, but not used for cracking heads.

@_date: 2000-09-04 19:17:09
@_author: ocorrain at esatclear.ie 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
De-lurking briefly to correct this...
St Patrick was a Romano-Briton. There were no English in Britain at the
time he lauched his Irish mission. There was no English language, and
certainly no English identity. The Angles, Saxons and Jutes that make
up the English (an identity that only established itself when the
Franco-Norman ruling dynasty in England lost its territories in France)
were spread across Germany and Denmark at the time.
Patrick would have spoken Gaelic or Latin as his first language. The
Irish would have been no more difficult to understand than a Californian
to a Noo Yawker. The upper echelons of Irish society may even have
spoken Latin.
All the best

@_date: 2000-09-04 22:13:08
@_author: Tiarnan O Corrain 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
References: Both Scotland and Wales contained people who spoke Celtic languages. Although it is difficult to determine where Patrick is from, I believe the
scholarly working consensus is that he was from the Roman province of
Britannia, where the majority of the inhabitants would have spoken a
language of Celtic origin. Perhaps my analogy of New York and Californain
English was misleading: a truer example would be the relationship of
Spanish with Catalan, or Sicilian with Tyrolean. That's to say,
mutually intelligible, with difficulty. Traders and slave-traders
(such as the slaver who captured Patrick) would have traded with
the Roman Empire in Britain and elsewhere, so presumably a lingua
franca emerged. No doubt Patrick learned his powerful mastery of
Old Irish from his captors.
[If you want to read more on the subject, from sources more up-to-date
and historically accurate than the Catholic Encyclopedia, try
 for a jumping off point.]
I don't deny it for a minute. I had a problem with the way you took the
currently existing region known as England and its current (troubled)
with Ireland, and projected it back into a period of history where an
entirely different socio-political scene existed.
All the best

@_date: 2000-09-04 23:17:30
@_author: ocorrain at esatclear.ie 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
However, one cannot discount the decipherment of Egyptian hieroglyphics
the Rosetta Stone. I imagine it would be extremely difficult to decipher a
language that very structurally different from what is known. It is interesting
to speculate about artificial grammars. Most human and computer languages (with interesting
exceptions, such as the Hopi Indians' concept of time -- others can describe computer exceptions) follow the verb, noun, preposition-based method of signification.
I don't know whether any work has been done on constructing a seriously
structurally different artificial grammar. Jorges Luis Borges has an interesting
riff on the idea. If anyone's interested, I'll dig out the details.
As in thieves' cant. Or Irish. Speaking Irish was such a crime that schoolchildren
wore a 'tally-stick' around their necks. Each Irish word meant a notch on the stick.
A certain number of notches meant punishment, probably not gentle. Those who imposed this
system were Irish, not English.
In France, the Africans have an argot called verlins (an anagram of l'invers - the inverse)
where syllables within words are transposed, or words are spoken backwards. Not
very popular with the Corps Republican Securite.
All the best

@_date: 2000-09-05 14:41:12
@_author: ocorrain at esatclear.ie 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
References: Chinese is interesting in this connexion. As far as I understand it, the
'language' is made up of different spoken forms, all of which are covered
by the same writing system, are mutually incomprehensible when spoken. I don't
know if there are other examples of this in human languages. Computer languages
do provide examples - treading on thin ice here in such company: one could
instance a piece of C code that is compiled for several different systems. In
this case, the machine code for each system would bear little relationship
to that for another system. I'll not go on in this vein, for fear of a pratfall.
Don't know about online sources. As far as I remember, the Hopi used two
tenses, one to describe the present, the other to describe dream time,
taking in the past (memory regarded as a sort of dream, which Fraud would
have loved had he known about it), and the future, as well as any
loose ends involving magical or fabricated events, legendary time, etc.
"Tln, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius -- A reference to an imaginary country leads the author deeper into a different linguistical reality."
As far as I remember, the author discovers a reference to the country in an old and eccentric
printing of an encyclopedia. The language described in the story has no verbs or nouns, using
a compound form of both. To stray into another dangerous analogy with computer languages, one
*might* say that object-orientated languages, by encapsulating data and methods, do something
similar, but I'm not standing by this, because it's not my area of expertise. Noam Chomsky argues that the deep structures of languages are fundamentally similar: that the
difference between Chinese and Old Irish is a matter of vocabulary, rather than means of
All the best

@_date: 2000-09-05 19:06:37
@_author: ocorrain at esatclear.ie 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
Humph, said the camel...
If so, did this 'actual Roman ruling family' author the works attributed
(with scholarly acuuracy) to Patrick?
More likely Patrick came from a romano-british family, probably an
aristrocratic one. Many british chieftain families would have
arrogated to themselves the name 'patrician', which was no more
than a descriptive term for the gentes maiores in Rome, the Valerii,
Claudii, Fabii and so on. A bit like the second names 'King' and
First off, the Church as it existed then was not the 'Roman church'. This
was before the schisms and the rise of Islam, when the Christian Church was administered from distributed nodes (the Patriarchates of Byzantium, Antioch, Jerusalem,
Alexandria and Rome).
Secondly, your assertion about the meaning of Patrick and the snakes is dubious. I
agree it is evidently a myth, but would posit a more likely source
in paganism. Many Irish gods and godesses survived well into the
Christian era (some even to this day) as 'saints' of the Church. While
Patrick was a historical figure, the scribes may well have thought
his career too dull for one of such fame, and decided to conflate
several already existing myths, and add them to the story. A common
practice in Hollywood these days -- a recent example is Braveheart,
where the military innovations of Robert the Bruce (a Norman, just like
the French-speaking Edward I, which is not mentioned) were ascribed
to the medieval feminist, democratic new man William Wallace. Hagiographies
are propaganda aimed at the time in which they are written.
[Off topic completely here, but I read that for the last years of his
life, Stalin's only reading was his own official biography... falling
in love with the myth of himself, or taken in by his own deceit?]
Thirdly, Patrick's conversion of the Irish was not a conquest. Nor was
the conversion of much of Europe. It's very easy, from a post-religious
perspective, to be nostalgic about paganism, since we understand almost
nothing of it. Neo-pagan movements are generally comic, not in their
internal ideas, but in the notion that they are somehow recapturing an old religion, a religion without scriptures or documents or a continuous tradition.
All the best

@_date: 2000-09-06 00:55:49
@_author: ocorrain at esatclear.ie 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
References: I don't know if I'd call what you refer to below research. Fantasy would
be closer to the mark.
I was under the impression we were talking about the era around 500AD,
before the Inquisition, and not long after the Christians themselves
were persecuted. I'm no skypilot, but the implied timelines you associate
with Wiccans and Druids (of the modern sort) are, to say the least,
somewhat confused.
It's even more unlikely I would seek such an initiation. Into which scumble of badness you would no doubt throw Hinduism, Buddhism,
Taoism and the philosophies thereof? Whereas your religion is based on
handing down knowledge (without records or a literate culture) from
mother to daughter. A mirror image of the apostolic succession, amusingly.
I'll quote from Joyce's Ulysses:
     The cords of all link back, strandentwining cable of all flesh. That is
     why mystic monks. Will you be as gods? Gaze into your omphalos. Hello.
     Kinch here. Put me on to Edenville. Aleph, alpha: nought, nought, one. (p46)
Does that sound like what you're on about? Guess what it's about.
To turn centuries of folk knowledge persecuted by those who did not
understand (not just priests, you know, peasants burnt their own out
of fear as well) into a religion with a continuous link to pre-Christian,
even pre-historical times, is an interesting hypothesis. It would take
some proving, rather than a random spew about 'false' and 'paternalistic'
, and especially 'later' religions. Coming from a
country where Druids at least existed in historical times, I can
tell you that the evidence suggests that Druids existed as lawmakers
and counsellors. Their true heirs are in the lawcourts and in politics.
Disappointing, no?
All the best
Tiarnan

@_date: 2000-09-20 19:02:49
@_author: Tiarnan O Corrain 
@_subject: CDR: Re: -C-P- Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
References: <5.0.0.25.2.20000919104602.00b34c00  <39C8F8FB.76E55DE4
   And this is why socialism in any form is a bad idea.  It prevents
   evolution in action from culling the morons.  In the olden days these
   guys would have been sabertoothed tiger fodder.
   Let's face it, shit like hotmail, AOL, MSN, and their cousins are really
   socialism in disguise.
You have some strange ideas about what 'socialism' is. Used by you in sentences
such as the above, it seems to be a catch-all for 'things-I-don't-like'. If
by socialism you mean Stalinist state-capitalism, you might think about
using 'Stalinist state-capitalism'. I know it doesn't have the wonderful
generality of 'socialism', but accuracy is important too.
   Let's face it, shit like hotmail, AOL, MSN, and their cousins are really
   socialism in disguise.
Hmm: all of the above are products of corporatism, which was a feature of Soviet-controlled socialist countries (everything was owned by the state) and USA-sponsered
'free countries' (everything was owned by the family or friends of
the tinpot dictator). Ideological differences aside, the net result was
the same.
Socialism and statism are not homologous. Refer to Rosa Luxembourg.
   They allow the morons access to what they    shouldn't have. Spoken like a true commissar.

@_date: 2000-09-21 18:08:53
@_author: Tiarnan O Corrain 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
References:    Since I was mentioned in passing, socialism (at least the way I use it) is
   the central management of resources and people without private ownership.
I wouldn't necessarily agree with the definition, but I acknowledge that
it seems to fit with the Soviet Union/Eastern Bloc during the Cold War. However,
the Solidarity movement, instrumental in bringing down the Polish tyranny,
was also a form of socialism. It's interesting that unions were banned in
the USSR (because they were unneccessary, all property was owned jointly
by the People, doctrinal truth, blah, blah) and badly messed up in the
US because they were socialist. In effect, two countries in which power
and control over resources were highly centralised (USSR: nomenklatura,
US: Fortune 500, two-party system) used diametrically opposed political vocabularies to
achieve the same end -- defeating democratic self-organization on behalf
of entrenched power-structures.
All the best

@_date: 2000-09-21 18:32:34
@_author: Tiarnan O Corrain 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
References:    The Solidaros movement was a democratic movement where they
   wanted to impliment a government that had representation and guaranteed
   civil rights (I don't know exactly how far along they've come). But at no
   point was their goal the continued management of speech, work, income,
   etc. through a central government mechanism.
That was precisely my point: socialism doesn't necessarily mean centralised
statism, wage controls or limited speech. Its roots are in democratic
organisation, and Solidarity was an example of that. Bolshevism took
the idea of 'power to the people', capitalised that last noun, and redefined
it to mean 'the vanguard revolutionary party.' You always know you're screwed
when perfectly innocent words are capitalized. Church, Property, Patriotism,
Strong Goverment, History, Socialism, what Joyce called 'those big words that
make us so unhappy.'
   BAD comparison. The Fortune 500's can't kill me and they can't throw me in
   jail for not buying their products or participating in their programs. Well, they might pollute you to death, but they haven't got firing squads. In
the States. South Americans or Africans might have a different story to tell.
Consider the depredations of Shell in Nigeria.
All the best

@_date: 2000-09-25 03:03:18
@_author: Tiarnan O Corrain 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Fwd: Re: First Cypherpunks Physical Meeting Europe 
References:    I guess what Churchill said is right: "The Hun is either at your    throat or at your feet."

@_date: 2001-01-30 18:28:42
@_author: ocorrain at esatclear.ie 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
References: <3A7596B4.5D6CCC88 Choate:> 'Dancers at the end of time' is his best, far as I'm concerned. Don't
know if it requires psychotropic substances. 'Spose it could't do any

@_date: 2001-11-07 20:59:08
@_author: =?iso-8859-1?q?Tiarn=E1n=20=D3=20Corr=E1in=20?= 
@_subject: Osama Says 
References: <20011107171218.63991.qmail
Several of the oldest cryptological (and cryptographic) texts were
written by Arab mathematicians. You should be able to find
references with Google.

@_date: 2001-11-07 22:22:22
@_author: =?iso-8859-1?q?Tiarn=E1n=20=D3=20Corr=E1in=20?= 
@_subject: Arab/Muslim contributions to crypto 
References: <20011107171218.63991.qmail <200111072058.UAA13807
'The Origins of Cryptology: The Arab contributions', by Ibrahim A Al-Kadi Cryptologia, volume 16, no 2 (April 1992), pages 97-126.
 A discussion of recently discovered Arab manuscripts.
Ever since man started communicating with one another, there has been a need to keep secrets. Cryptography is defined as the principles, means, and methods for rendering information unintelligible, and for restoring the encrypted information back into intelligible form. In other words, cryptography is the science of writing in secret. Examples of cryptography have been discovered in the writings of Egyptians over 4,000 years ago. The ancient Greek, Chinese, and Roman civilizations used surprisingly advanced cryptography techniques. The use of cryptography, and the analysis of cryptography (cryptoanalysis), flourished in the Arab world during the Middle Ages. While lovers and theologians have long made use of secret messages, the overwhelming use of secret writing has historically been in diplomacy and the military. The first big breakthrough in decipherment was made in the ninth century by the Arab philosopher al-Kindi in a treatise only recently rediscovered. For a thousand years or more, a message coded in a random monoalphabetic cipher was considered undecipherable unless one had the key to the code.
Remember, 'algorithm' and 'algebra' are Arabic in origin.

@_date: 2001-11-10 15:16:39
@_author: =?iso-8859-1?q?Tiarn=E1n=20=D3=20Corr=E1in=20?= 
@_subject: bin Laden claims he has nuclear weapons - paper 
References: <3BED473B.C599E94C
Osama Bin Laden has told the mass-circulation Dawn newspaper in Pakistan that his al-Qaeda group possesses chemical and nuclear weapons. But, while the English-language newspaper carries a clear message from Bin Laden that he has access to such weapons, he makes no such claim in an Urdu-language version of the interview.
