
@_date: 2001-01-02 20:01:38
@_author: OffshoreAffiliates at hotmail.com 
@_subject: Important New Affiliate Program has Full Global Reach. You Are Invited. 
Dear Potential Associate,
 You are receiving this email legally because you are listed as an  internet marketer, webmaster or affiliate. This message is not
 spam. (Please see bottom.)
 WEBMASTERS & AFFILIATES!  THE NEW NOWCARD VISA PROGRAM IS OF GLOBAL PROPORTION.
 INTRODUCING THE NOWCARD  Quality Anonymous Banking, Offshore Visa Card, International
 Incorporation and Offshore Merchant Accounts. Available in every country
 on Earth. NO COST TO BE AN AFFILIATE. HIGH COMMISSIONS.
 This program was not created in a day or even a year, We have worked
 with the principals of this project for 3 years putting together the
 program. Most of that time has been spent finding a bank that we feel
 we can trust. The bank we have chosen has an excellent reputation and
 has been in business for 15 years. (You'll find that most companies
 offering offshore cards are dealing with shady banks that just popped
 up out of nowhere and have no physical locations.) This bank has
 several real branches and many happy customers. As well as offering
 the Visa Card, Online Offshore Bank Account Access and the setup of
 IBCs (international incorporation), we will soon also be offering
 merchant card processing offshore with funds deposited directly into
 the clients offshore bank account and accessible with their anonymous
 visa card.
 We feel that we have the absolute best offshore product available on
 the internet at the most reasonable price for consumers as well.   Affiliates of NowCard do very well. Commissions can be up to
 $80.00 or more each sale with second tier commissions as well AND,
 they can be deposited directly to your account as sales are made.
 With this option, you don't have to wait for monthly checks. We
 believe that quality, rather than quantity, is more beneficial to
 everyone involved. If you are the webmaster of a web site that you
 consider to be of quality content, please join our affiliate network.
 You are guaranteed quality advertising opportunities, on-time pay-outs,
 and can take advantage of all the other NowCard benefits.
 I would like to invite you to join NowCard affiliate program. Joining the  NowCard Affiliate program is FREE! Now Inc. has created this two-tier
 affiliate program for business people and entrepreneurs who have the
 same outlook and share our commitment of making the NowCard the
 most recognized and used Visa debit card in the world. If you are
 interested in becoming a NowCard Affiliate or want to learn more about
 the program, please visit  .
 You are some of the first affiliates to be informed about the NowCard
 program, so please take this opportunity NOW to become an affiliate
 and build your downline.  Remember, you will receive commissions on
 the sales of everyone that you refer to the affiliate program.
 The address is  Please read more about our
 the NowCard and affiliate program.
 Please let me know if I can answer any questions or give you any more
 information.
 Best Regards,
 George Mann   offshoreaffiliates at hotmail.com
 Phone: 1-877-429-9300 ext. 105
 -------------------------------------------------------------
 Under Bill s.1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th U.S. Congress  this letter cannot be considered "spam" as long as we include:  1) contact information (see above); and,  2) the way to be removed from future mailings (see below).  To be removed from this list, please mail to:  offshoreaffiliates at hotmail.com with 'remove' in  subject line and you will be removed from our list OR
 go to  and follow removal  instructions there.
 Thank you for your consideration.
 ------------------------------------------------------------
