
@_date: 1994-02-28 11:37:28
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning 
Well, since everyone seems to be talking about Dorothy Denning, I just
thought I'd throw a few things out for discussion.  Number 1, if someone
is an encryption expert (as has been truly/falsely(?) claimed on this
list), then why would they endorse anyone but the recipient being able
to decode the message?  Wouldn't the true belief in privacy be what
would lead one to learn about such things?  Or is it just a toy, as is
Number 2.  People on this list have said that she's an expert in
cryptography. When I read that damned Newsday article posted on
cypherpunks, I thought that she was just a whiny college bitch. The
argument was just very, well, flimsy is the word I guess.  I believe
that Clipper is wrong, but someone could at least write a paper that
would influence more by pointing out its merits, rather than just saying
that the government should start spying on all of us to stop drug
Anyone know:
A) Is she an expert in cryptography?
B) Is she a college graduate?
C) Was she dropped on her head a lot as a baby?
D) Has she considered the alternatives that suicide offers?
Just kind of annoyed at this whole Big Brother thing, probably because
I'm reading 1984 right now... really a good idea if you haven't yet, and
if you read it, they're is no way you'll possibly think that Clipper is
a good idea...
Also, I've gotten a message through to Ross Perot about our fight
against Clipper, and how to reach me, so if I get a response, I'll let
you guys know.
                                        Anthony

@_date: 1994-02-28 13:19:52
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning 
Not to mention that she obviously doesn't keep up with current events. The part about the world trade center made me laugh.  Here it is again
for those of you who missed it:
  Opponents say that terrorists will not be so foolish as to use
  encryption to which the government holds the key but will scramble
  their calls with their own code systems.  But then who would have
  thought that the World Trade Center bombers would have been stupid
  enough to return a truck that they had rented?
Maybe it was just a bad miswording, but it certainly doesn't strengthen
the argument as a whole, and doesn't give me much confidence in her
proofreading ability.
(They didn't return the truck, they put a bomb in the truck, it got
destroyed, then the idiot tried to claim that the truck had been stolen,
and demanded his deposit back.)
Dorothy Denning may have a college education, but she is a bit lacking
in social awareness.  She is just a pawn that the NSA is using as a
spokesperson so that they don't have to take the heat from the debate
over clipper.
