
@_date: 1998-07-03 07:52:58
@_author: Nalus Optic 
@_subject: Linda Reed--PCC West Campus CSC <lreed@west.cscwc.pima.edu>: Re: Army of Dog - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
I was asked to forward this message to the Cypherpunks list by Linda
Reed...Who sent it to me as a responce to one of my e-mails...I know that
by doing so, I risk being kicked, stomped, beated siverly amongst the
neck and shoulders, and even flamed...But I think so many of us are not
looking at the true messages involved in these 'spams'.  Reed is makeing
several REALLY good points...Given, Reed does rant a bit...And some of
what is writen is just so much bullshit...But all of it, taken in
context, is Truth (TM)...
Let me make a suggestion to Reed and all others involved...There is a
time and place for everything...The time for rEvolution, as Reed puts it,
is _NOW!_ However, Cypherpunks is not the place...So does anyone know of
any good e-lists that would love to get the ALIANS posts?  Maybe your
five minute's of thought on a way to help Reed will make everyone happy,
Vs the hours some of us are spending complaining about the damn thing.
---Begin Forward Message---
The Geezinslaw Brothers, from Austin, TX, had a song called,
"If You Think I'm Crazy Now, You Should Have Seen Me When
 I Was A Kid."
I envy today's youngsters, who have the opportunity to participate in a Virtual Revolution that is every bit
as serious, and will have consequences just as great as,
any so-called World War that has ever been fought in
the history of human evolutionary development.
I envy them because they have, if they seize the opportunity, a chance to engage in rEvolutionary acts
of Virtual anarchy, derring-do, war & violence which will
not threaten the lives of those whose only crime is to
be in the wrong place at the wrong time, physically,
but will threaten only those whose crime is to be in
their own mindspace, at the right time for them to
be there, but refusing to allow others the same right.
I do not pass judgement on Timothy McVeigh, any more
than I pass judgement on Che Guerva, Louis Riel,
Leonard Pelltier, or Ho Chi Min.
They did what they had to do, and they used what they
thought was the best judgment and tools of their day.
Anyone who claims to judge a moral differnce between
them and those they opposed is a fucking BeanCounter,
and should be in line behind the lawyers when the
firing squads line up.
I wish that Timothy McVeigh could have done what he did
within the confines of Digital Reality, on the InterNet,
perhaps blowing a hole in the ElectroMagnetic Curtain
that would allow the children to survive, but also allow
them to glimpse what was on the other side of the wall,
so that it could not be denied once the hole was closed.
That was not to be...
[KFor all of the sincere intent underlying my TruthSPAMing
and RealityBlathering, I find myself at a loss to truly
describe what I see as the importance of those entering
the Digital/Global/Interactive Age that is being born to
realize that *they* will be the ones who either allow the
dinosaurs of the past to usurp the current rEvolution of
human development, or to act as the Founding Fathers ojf
a Global/Digital Democracy, recognizing that the dinosaurs
are wearing red, marching in straight lines, and cussing
out the shit-disturbers as cowards for hiding behind
Digital Trees known as Remailers. The Great Myth is that there isn't enough to go around.
Enough *what*?
Money? - There's as much as we agree there is...
Time? - I spent a good part of the day sitting on my ass...
Love? - I love Janet Reno and Louis Free. They're great targets...
Cadillacs? - Any President who proposed to block communism in
  southeast Asia would have been laughed out of office. It turns
  out that it would have saved us money and invigorated the
  auto industry.
Cadillacs? - Any President who proposed to block communism in
  southeast Asia by buying everyone a Cadillac would have been
  laughed out of office. It turns out that it would have saved
  the US money and invigorated the auto industry. Freedom & Privacy? - Like Cadillacs, there is as much as we
  are willing to pay for. We are not going to be able to have
  it, however, until we are ready to make the giant leap of
  faith it takes to trust that $30,000 is better spent in
  promoting Freedom & Privacy, than buying another toilet
  seat for the Censorship CCoommiittee executive restroom.
If there is enough BullShit to go around, then, according to
the Eternal Laws of the Tao, there is enough Reality to go
around, as well.
Those who recognize the Reality that I profess as the TruthMonger might get the impression that I am attempting
to hoard the Truth, because their isn't enough to go around.
Nothing could be further from the Truth (TM)...
I'm willing to share... As a matter of fact, I could use
some of yours, since I'm starting to run a bit low, as a
result of begining to believe my own press when others
indicate that I am something special, because they agree
with me, and thus I run the risk of becoming a Spokesperson
For Consensus, franchising the TruthMonger persona, and
speaking the EasyTruths in order to capture the mass-market
when, in reality, I could retire quite comfortably from
the income I receive from having Truth (TM) trademarked,
since everyone who speaks the Truth (TM) currently has
to send me a nickle, or I'll sue their sorry ass...
One more beer, and I'll be losing it...so NoMoreMrNiceGuy...
The Cold Hard Truth:
Truth, Freedom, Privacy, Love, ad infinitum...all have a Cost!
The LIE:
That which we have an inherent Right to, should be Free!
The Reality:
Virtual/Conceptual/Idealistic Reality have a physical cost,
but they also have spiritual earning power.
Humans are both physical and spiritual beings...
It 'costs' you $1.00 not to knock someone over the head with
a rock when they are standing beside you at a bus stop with
a dollar in your hand.
Your soul appreciates $1.00 if you refrain from doing so...
The choice is yours, and yours, alone.
(Although my personal *opinion* as to the ethics/morality of
 your decision might vary depending on whether or not *I* am
 the person standing next to you at the bus stop.)
I don't know how many soul-credits it cost Tim McVeigh to
bomb the Murrah Federal Building, and I don't know how
many soul-credits he earned for waking up government
employees to the fact that their actions have consequences,
as well.
That is between Tim McVeigh and his Accountant.
There is a Cost to telling the truth, to taking a stand, to
refusing to be be oppressed/repressed in Virtual Reality.
I have had my possessions confiscated and criminal charges
filed against me as a result of speaking what I consider to
be the truth, within the confines of CyberSpace.
Freely speaking my mind has led to physical retribution against
me. I can vouch for the fact that Freedom of Speech has a Cost.
I am willing to pay that Cost...
I am more than happy to pay whatever price it requires to
be the TruthMonger, because that what is important to me.
I'm not doing anyone any favors...I am doing what I feel it
is my role to do.
My definition of a Hero, is a person who does what they can,
who fulfills the role that they have the capacity to fulfill.
A man who charges a hill, and dies in the process, is a Hero
if he does it because he looks around him and sees that it is
his role, his time, his destiny.
A man who charges a hill, and lives in the process, because
of the expectations of others, is a fool.
I have seen Heroes who charged the hill because they looked
around them and saw Warriors who had families waiting for
them, while they had none. I have seen Heroes who charged
the hill when they knew it would likely result in their
families waiting in vain for their return, because they
knew that their actions would result in a dozen families
not having to grieve the loss of a loved one.
I don't expect todays CyberWarriors to get their asses shot
off for thumbing their noses at authority--that is foolish.
However, if you're sitting at your desk at the HeadQuarters
of the Great Oppressor, and HeOrShe walks in, hands you the
latest model of DeathRay, asking your opinio, and you decide
to do something very, very foolish...I'll understand.
All I'm saying is that Values, Concepts, Ideals, Ethics, all
have a cost. Whatever you can contribute in the physical realm
to help cover that cost is 100% deductible in the esoteric
Andy Warhol prophecied that everyone would receive their
fifteen-minutes of Fame, in *his* future.
TruthMonger's Prophecy is that, in HisOrHer future, everyone
will get a shot at the Great Oppressor.
Use it, or lose it...
p.s. - I am currently writing on an early Sperry computer which
has 128K of RAM, and can barely run WordPerfect 4.1, and then
having to transfer it to Windows 3.0, to clean it up, before
sending it to a hacked Unix account and transferring it via
a VAX system to its destination.
Thus I cannot cc: this without fucking it up, and I would
appreciate it if you could send it to cypherpunks at toad.com
so that I could download it tomorrow.
p.p.s. - I have had a long, hard life, in which I have done
some stupid things, some evil things, and some mindless things,
but I've also done some things that are beyond fucking belief.
Overall, life has been incredible, but I look upon the coming
generation with envy, because there is a transition coming
that--LOVEorHate/WARorPEACE/WINorLOSE--will give each and
every particpant in the experience a chance to exit this
mortal plane with a smile, and the words,
"It's been Real (TM)."
--------- End forwarded message ----------
You don't need to buy Internet access to use free Internet e-mail.
Get completely free e-mail from Juno at Or call Juno at (800) 654-JUNO [654-5866]

@_date: 1998-06-01 01:38:27
@_author: Nalus Optic 
@_subject: que pasa 
thanks to the other guy who sent the info on e-mailing your way around
the web...It is VERY confusing...
messages from this list and so far only one of them had _anything_ to do
with crypto...I know that most or all of you have a bit of background in
crypto but I am just learning.  So what I am wanting to know is a:  are
there any other crypto e-lists that are for newbies?  b:  are there any
better text philes to read that give a better introduction that is for a
newbie and c:  what do you people feel is the best encryption someone can
have that I could get?
You don't need to buy Internet access to use free Internet e-mail.
Get completely free e-mail from Juno at Or call Juno at (800) 654-JUNO [654-5866]

@_date: 1998-06-01 12:18:08
@_author: Nalus Optic 
@_subject: I need a compiler! 
you tell me what C compilers you use...Also, could you just tell me every
program you would have that has anything to do with crypto if you had the
cash?  I guess one would need a C compiler, a hex editer maybe, are there
any crypto programs that are sort of like templates, where you set the
paramiters and the program compiles the encryption for you...Pipe dream I
am sure...
You don't need to buy Internet access to use free Internet e-mail.
Get completely free e-mail from Juno at Or call Juno at (800) 654-JUNO [654-5866]

@_date: 1998-06-01 16:17:09
@_author: Nalus Optic 
@_subject: I need a compiler! 
Gee, your 'handle' is J-Dog...And your sending your mail through
EliteHackers.org...Very original...I think have been to your web site
once or twice...The EliteHackers.org that is...
First...I am not a hacker and don't pretend to be...I phreak a little and
like phones and shit...I subscribe to Telecom Digest and just like to
play with phones...I like to blow shit up for fun so you could say I am a
pyro...I got five bitches on my dick so you could call me a pimp...But I
never said I was a hacker...I just like to know about how shit
works...And in order to exploit any system, for fun or money or super
3l33t props, you gots to know the system...I want to put linux on my
system because linux does have bugs and quirks and you have to know how
to do more than click a mouse button for the shit to work.
Ya, sure...Sarcasm...You laugh at me but dude...William is to busy with
Netscape trying to dick him up the ass for me to call him again...
Eric B
Again, you laugh at me for sarcasm....
But back to the real problem...yes, gcc would be ideal...How ever...I am
not running Linux as of yet...so do you or any of you know any OTHER
WINDOWS BASED COMPILERS that are worth a shit...I know it is a stretch
but god...
And J-Dog, what is up with the fucked up lingo...This ain't the movies...
You don't need to buy Internet access to use free Internet e-mail.
Get completely free e-mail from Juno at Or call Juno at (800) 654-JUNO [654-5866]

@_date: 1998-06-01 17:19:45
@_author: Nalus Optic 
@_subject: I need a compiler! 
Ok, this is starting to get really odd.  I am not a hacker...I DO NOT
want to make some supper program...IT WAS A CRACK BASED ON WHAT YOU SAID
ABOUT WIDOZE CODE!!!  I don't know shit about hacking other than how to
maybe use a cheese scanner like 'Phonetag' (which I have set up at school
so that I don't get busted useing it at home.) I mean what is the
argument here? Also, you keep putting things in here like:
Well, what the hell is up with that...I don't talk like that...Do you
talk like that?  Do you walk up to your local dealer and say you want
some K-rad KB?  No!  You just say you want a fat once of KB!  You don't
fuck around.
Well, I have no net access...Boy that's 3L33T...and when I tried last
time I had access, I kept having trouble makeing the boot disk...Maybe
you can explane it to me...You do know stuff about linux and for that I
ask a question...The page I was trying to get it from said that I needed
to save some program ( this has been like eight months ago ) and then put
the program, which was 1.44 mb, onto a floppy then boot your computer off
the floppy...I put in a brand new, unnamed formated disk and it said that
there was not enough disk space...I dont' have a damn clue as to why it
would not work...Also, with my thirst for info, I am going to get the QUE
linux book that comes with Linux 3.0.8 (?) slackware, redhat, a disk of
misc. utilitys and a disk of net utilitys...
I don't know why we are bitching at each other...You hack, I don't, you
use jargon, I don't, I can spell and type, you can't...Where is the
problem?  Anyone back me up on this?
I really don't like to fight with people I don't know...So what does the
J stand for?  Sort of ironic, my initals are JD, Jordan David...Fucked
up, O my brothers...
You don't need to buy Internet access to use free Internet e-mail.
Get completely free e-mail from Juno at Or call Juno at (800) 654-JUNO [654-5866]

@_date: 1998-06-01 18:36:12
@_author: Nalus Optic 
@_subject: No Subject 
Ok, I was just going through Phrack 51again and found this...I don't know
if you people care or are seeing it for the 51 time, but if you want the
whole thing, e-mail me or just go do a search for Phrack and look at
there archives...There is a lot more to the artical, but this little bit
lets you know what it is about.
---[  Phrack Magazine   Volume 7, Issue 51 September 01, 1997, article 13
of 17
-------------------------[  Monoalphabetic Cryptanalysis (Cyphers, Part
--------[  Jeff Thompson aka 'Mythrandir' Written for Phrack and completed on Sunday, August 31st, 1997.
First a quick hello to all of those I met at DefCon this year.  It was incredible fun to finally put faces to many of the people I have been
talking with for some time.  It was truly was a treat to meet so many others who
are alive with the spirit of discovery.  This is the first in a series of articles on Cryptology that I am
writing.  The goals of these articles will be to attempt to convey some of the
and fun of cyphers.  A topic of much discussion in regards to
cryptography currently, is about computer based cyphers such as DES, RSA, and the PGP implementation.  I will not be discussing these.  Rather, these articles
will cover what I will term classical cryptology.  Or cryptology as it existed
before fast number crunching machines came into existance.  These are the
of cyphers which interested cryptographers throughout time and continue
to be found even to this very day.  Even today, companies are producing
software whose encryption methods are attackable.  You will find these commonly
among password protection schemes for software programs.  Through the course of
articles I will explain in practical terms several common cypher types
and various implementations of them as well as cryptanalytic techniques for breaking these cyphers.
Creating cyphers is fun and all, but the real excitement and often times
is found in Cryptanalysis.  Many of the ideas presented in these articles
will based on three sources.  The following two books: The Codebreakers by
David Kahn (ISBN: 0-684-83130-9) and Decrypted Secrets by F.L. Bauer (ISBN: 3-540-60418-9).  Both authors have put together wonderful books
which both cover the history and methods of Cryptology.  Do yourself and the
authors a favor and purchase these books.  You will be very pleased with the lot.
Finally, a miniscule amount of these articles will be written based on my
own personal experience.  The fun is in the journey and I welcome you on what is certain to be an interesting trip.  Please feel free to raise questions, engage me in discussions, correct me, or simply offer suggestions at
jwthomp at cu-online.com.
Please be patient with me as I am traveling extensively currently, and
may be away from the computer at length occasionally.  Out the door and into the wild...
--Monoalphabetic Cyphers
Monoalphabetic cyphers are often currently found in simple cryptograms in
and magazines.  These are just simple substitution cyphers.  This does
not mean that they are always simple for the beginning amateur to solve.
Three common monoalphabetic cyphers which are used are substitution,
cyclical, and keyed cyphers.
-Substitution Cyphers By taking an alphabet and replacing each letter with another letter in a unique fashion you create a simple monoalphabetic cypher.  Plaintext Alphabet	A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X
Y Z
Cypher Alphabet		Z I K M O Q S U W Y A C E B D F H J L N P
R T V X G
Plaintext Message
The blue cow will rise during the second moon from the west field.
Cyphertext Message
nuo icpo kdt twcc jwlo mpjwbs nuo lokdbm eddb qjde nuo toln qwocm.
-Cyclical Cyphers
By taking an alphabet and aligning it with a rotated alphabet you get a cyclical cypher.  For example:
Plaintext Alphabet	A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X
Y Z
Cypher Alphabet		N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z A B C D E F G H
I J K L M
Indeed, you may recognize this cypher as a ROT13 which is commonly used
on news groups to obscure messages.
-Keyed Cypher
Another way to create a monoalphabetic cypher is to choose a keyword or
phrase as the beginning of the cypher alphabet. Usually, only the unique letters
from the phrase are used in order to make sure the plaintext to cyphertext
behaves in a one to one fashion.
For example:
Plaintext Alphabet:	A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W
X Y Z
Cypher Alphabet		L E T O S H D G F W A R B C I J K M N P Q
U V X Y Z
The passphrase in this cypher is "Let loose the dogs of war"  The
advantage of such a system is that the encryption method is easy to remember.  Also, a
method of key change can be created without ever having to distribute the
For example, one could use the 4 words at a time of some piece of
literature.  Every message could use the next four words.  Indeed, this change could
occur more frequently, but that is a subject for another article. You don't need to buy Internet access to use free Internet e-mail.
Get completely free e-mail from Juno at Or call Juno at (800) 654-JUNO [654-5866]

@_date: 1998-06-01 18:58:38
@_author: Nalus Optic 
@_subject: I need a compiler! 
What OS?
I am a satanist, sorry...
I don't care if I have to pay...I was just asking for everyone's oppinion
And always will...Sorry, nothing gets the point across like a good
I know I can't spell...But I am doing better than J-Dog, what other
Hey, at least I didn't say I wanted my oun cray or a duel 400 :)
PGP:  Pretty Good Privicy...Not for export, puplic encryption, you
puplish your key then people can send you encrypted files...I think...
I have been on for about a week...My welcome message got no replys, all I
seam to get are political messages, I have seen one question about
crypto, and the reply was half joke...I DO NOT HAVE NET ACCESS!  how do I
get pgp with out net access...I just wanted to know what everyone else
was useing...What is up with J-Dog jumping my shit (sorry) with this
stuff about, "Then again, if I was to say linux to you, you would prolly
run in ph33r"?  I know linux, I want linux, you have read the other posts
so I won't go into it...I guess i am just on the wrong list...I sent out
a post befor about are there any better 'newbie' lists on crypto but got
no responce...oh well.
p.s, I like Juno... :(
You don't need to buy Internet access to use free Internet e-mail.
Get completely free e-mail from Juno at Or call Juno at (800) 654-JUNO [654-5866]

@_date: 1998-05-28 16:10:38
@_author: Nalus Optic 
@_subject: Lack of net access blows: 
likely just be lurking for a while, till I get a visit from the Duel
Pentium II 266, 128megs of RAM, running Linux on one PII and Win98 on the
Other Fariy...She should be along by the end of the summer...
I don't have net access so I was hopeing someone out there would send me
the FAQ that is talked of in the welcome message.  It can be found at:
post a message to me as soon as you send it...That way I don't end up
with like all of you sending it and Juno kicking my ass again for
flooding there box.
You don't need to buy Internet access to use free Internet e-mail.
Get completely free e-mail from Juno at Or call Juno at (800) 654-JUNO [654-5866]
