
@_date: 1995-12-03 09:59:20
@_author: Michael Coates 
@_subject: INTERNET SECURITY RISKS FOR CONSUMERS OVERBLOWN 
Just got this and found it interesting.  You may have seen it already...published in today's issue of Investor's Business Daily.
INTERNET SECURITY RISKS FOR CONSUMERS OVERBLOWN
Fear of Internet crime is well-founded among businesses whose corporate
networks may be compromised by curious hackers or malicious crackers, but
"By and large, consumers have very little risk using and doing business on
the Internet," says the chairman of Open Market Inc.  While it is possible
to break an encryption code and crack a secured phone line to discover an
individual's credit card number, it's much easier to copy them off of
discarded carbons.  "If someone wanted to steal a credit card number, all
they would have to do is go to any gas station and look on the ground
around the pumps," says the CTO at Internet security firm Terisa Systems. (Investor's Business Daily 30 Nov 95 A8)

@_date: 1995-12-03 21:18:18
@_author: Michael Coates 
@_subject: Compromise on Cyberporn Legislation 
Just got this.  Maybe there is some common-sense surfacing.
COMPROMISE ON CYBERPORN LEGISLATION
The fears of online service providers and civil liberties advocates that new
federal telecommunications legislation would be too heavy-handed in its
effort to keep "filthy," "lewd" and "indecent" material off of the network
have been mitigated by compromise wording in the proposed legislation.  The
new language, offered by Washington State Republican congressman Rick White,
restricts penalties of fine or imprisonment to persons who transmit material
that is "harmful to children" (such as images of frontal nudity) rather than
a more broadly worded target against making "indecent material" available to
children.  The compromise would give legal protection to online information
and service providers who made good-faith efforts to keep restricted
material away from children.  (New York Times 2 Dec 95 A1)

@_date: 1995-12-03 22:51:23
@_author: Michael Coates 
@_subject: AOL DROPS RESTRICTION ON WORD "BREAST" 
More Common Sense?
AOL DROPS RESTRICTION ON WORD "BREAST"
America Online, which has been making efforts to police its own service by
purging obscene or vulgar expressions deemed to be offensive, has changed
its mind about the word "breast" and reinstated it as an acceptable term of
discussion.  A contributor to a breast cancer bulletin board had called the
purging of the word breast "outrageous and potentially life-threatening."
(Atlanta Journal-Constitution 2 Dec 95 F7)

@_date: 1995-12-12 16:36:30
@_author: Michael Coates 
@_subject: PAY-OFF TIME FOR BUG-BUSTERS, NETSCAPE PLEDGES "DOGFIGHT" 
PAY-OFF TIME FOR BUG-BUSTERS, NETSCAPE PLEDGES "DOGFIGHT"
Netscape Communications has awarded two software sleuths $1,000 each for
finding security gaps in its Netscape Navigator 2.0 software.  The company
also awarded gifts to 50 other contestants in its "Bugs Bounty" program for
identifying non-security problems.  (Wall Street Journal 11 Dec 95 B7)
Meanwhile, Netscape has vowed to wage a "dogfight" with Microsoft in setting
standards for Internet software.  CEO James Barksdale says his company will
continue to develop products that operate independently of any particular
computer operating system, noting that, "We offer freedom to the masses.
It's a tough fight -- I'll grant you that -- but we're brave.  We're well
financed.  We believe that God is on our side."  (Investor's Business Daily
11 Dec 95 A7)

@_date: 1995-11-30 22:12:51
@_author: Michael Coates 
@_subject: AUTHOR A VIRUS, GO TO JAIL 
Found this intersting too.  US Position?
AUTHOR A VIRUS, GO TO JAIL
A computer cracker last week became the first virus writer sentenced to a
jail term under Great Britain's Computer Misuse Act.  The 26-year-old
perpetrator was sentenced to 18 months in jail after pleading guilty to 11
charges connected with placing virus-infected programs on computer bulletin
boards.  (Investor's Business Daily 29 Nov 95 A6)

@_date: 1995-12-01 03:21:07
@_author: Michael Coates 
@_subject: cypherpunks at ietf 
My guess is; he simply wanted to embarass himself.  Don't they have karaoke bars for that sort of thing?

@_date: 1995-12-01 03:26:38
@_author: Michael Coates 
@_subject: cypherpunks at ietf 
My guess is; he simply wanted to embarass himself.  Don't they have karaoke bars for that sort of thing?
