
@_date: 1997-03-28 22:15:46
@_author: James O'Toole 
@_subject: Hard to Tax Scenario 
I think that the mythical "Doctor Ann" operating in this supposedly hard to tax scenario,
may have operating costs that are higher than non-anonymous doctors, and when these
operating costs approach her taxation costs, this "hard to tax" scenario becomes
uneconomic.  Because the operating costs will be roughly linear as a function of Ann's
gross, whereas the taxes are roughly linear as a function of Ann's net, Ann will discover
that it is cheaper to operate non-anonymously once her volume of business is sufficient.
This is one of the reasons that black-market (non-reporting) organizations generally aren't
common at large scale.  There are plenty of other reasons: higher cost of capital, difficulty
of proving disputes, etc.  Crypto (and other anonymizing technology) may lower Ann's
operating costs, but for any large organization, the %-of-gross will dominate the %-of-net
fee that the tax authority charges for operating on the white market.
However, Ann has another alternative, which large organizations will also have.  Ann can
operate completely non-anonymously, but bleed profits out of her business through the use
of anonymized business partners who exist solely to assist Ann in hiding her profits.  Crypto
might make this scheme more foolproof for Ann, by enabling her to anonymously own and
operate a network of covert subsidiaries that she does business with openly, and which collect
most of her profits, but which themselves are for some reason not vulnerable to the tax
Traditionally, multi-national businesses do this using transfer pricing and offshore subsidiaries,
and their battle with the tax authority has several features:
The gross-basis taxation is the most likely cost-effective tool that tax authorities could use to
combat crypto-based tax evasion, in my opinion.
I'd like to see the cypherpunks-quality analysis of how crypto/ecash would help the anonymous
Doctor Ann function in a society whose tax system was more like Europe's VAT system.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
Robin Hanson, inventor of the Idea Futures prediction market, is a very
creative and thoughtful writer who has posted to this list occasionally.
He says he sent the message below to the CP list over the weekend, but
I didn't see it.  I am including it (in bits and pieces) in its entirety
for the benefit of others who may also have missed it.
For those who don't know, by the way, David Friedman is the son of
Nobel prize winning economist Milton Friedman.  Both father and son
have libertarian leanings, and David in particular has tackled some
of the hardest problems which would be faced by an anarchic society.
So we are imagining a future scenario in which medicine is commonly if
not universally practiced via these remote means?  Or do we have two
classes of doctor, the anonymous virtual ones and the identified ones
that you go and see in person?  I ask because at least some of the
difficulties Ann faces seem due to her virtual practice.
The need for a cover story raises the question of from whom Ann has
to keep her secrets.  In a society where (we will stipulate) 30% avoid
taxation, the moral significance of not paying taxes will be different
than it is today.  We had some interesting posts in an earlier discussion
on this list describing the situation in Italy, where apparently tax
avoidance is raised to a higher degree than in the U.S.  It sounded like
it has the approximate moral status that speeding does here, a minor
infraction which almost everyone does some if not all of the time.
In some sub-cultures no doubt the tax avoidance rate would be even higher.
In such a society Ann may not have to care that much about keeping her
secrets, as long as she doesn't have too high a profile at tax time.
Well, that last part is true for me already; I telecommute to a company
300 miles away and have no social life with my co-workers.  For that
matter my wife and I have practiced cocooning for several years,
and I haven't had a close friend from work since the early 1980's.
Being married makes this easier, of course.
The other part of this scenario, where Ann interacts with her co-workers
via fake faces, does seem disturbing.  I could imagine, though, that this
might be common in such a culture.  Maybe everyone pretties themselves
up when on the videophone.  If there is widespread understanding that
most faces are at least somewhat false, then perhaps going all the way
to a completely faked up face would seem more acceptable.  But to someone
from my generation it will be hard to accept.
It is possible that we might see a more performance-based certification
rather than a recommendation based one.  My wife is a physical therapist,
and she had to pass a licensure exam given by the state which qualifies
her to practice.
In an earlier message to me Robin pointed out the crucial role played
by recommendations in hiring decisions.  Certainly I would be much more
likely to hire someone who listed his previous jobs and for whom I could
get good recommendations by his earlier supervisors than an applicant
who insisted that this information was confidential.
Robin also suggested that there could be a selection effect, so that the
doctors from good schools with good grades would use these advantages to
maximize their income, and so the only anonymous ones would be the ones
who didn't have these qualifications.  This could lead to a situation
where most anonymous service providers were assumed to be inferior to
regular ones, so they would get less money even if they were actually
just as good.  (I apologize to Robin if I missed the point of his
earlier discussion or am presenting it incorrectly.)
Even with such disadvantages, a doctor like Ann might accept a lower fee
at first while she builds up her reputation as an anonymous doctor with
talent and ability.  After a few years she could hope to have overcome
the stigma which (we will suppose) anonymous doctors face and display
some strong recommendations based on her successes.  In the long run
this could be a winning strategy due to the tax savings.
(I haven't given the problem of reselling certificates enough thought to
discuss it in any detail.  There have been some discussions of "is a
person" credentials which could apply, but that opens up a big can of
This is an interesting problem which I haven't seen discussed before
in this form.  In Vinge's original "True Names" people were afraid of
harrassment and physical threats if their identity were discovered, but
Robin's example of the danger of being exposed as a tax evader could be
very bad as well.  If there is this much tax avoidance, we might assume
that tax rates are high, and penalties for tax evasion are high as well.
On the other hand, if tax evasion is nearly universally practiced,
perhaps there are strong cultural pressures against turning someone in.
There is also the question of how good the technology is for anonymous
communication.  At best it would appear to require a widespread infra-
structure, and if this is used largely for tax evasion it is hard to see
how it could survive.  So I think this would be a very significant issue
to be faced by the prospective 'nym.
It is hard to judge how high the various prices are that she pays.
The socialization aspect may not be important if she has friends outside
work.  The risks of being caught will depend on factors we don't know,
like the technology and legal system.  Rather than assuming that tax
rates are the same, it might be more plausible to assume they have gone
up in order to keep revenues stable.
Another problem which Robin didn't mention is the issue of insurance
payments.  It is hard to see how Ann's patients can get reimbursed for
their expenses if we assume that Ann is in effect a "black market" doctor.
This problem may be somewhat specific to the medical scenario, but I
suspect that many other professions are going to have trouble switching
to a cash basis.  Anyone whose customers are businesses, for example,
will face the problem that the businesses' books will need to show that
an expense is justified in order to deduct it.  This will be a major
problem for the "anonymous firm" we have discussed occasionally.
One difficulty I find with this scenario is its science fictional nature.
It is hard for me to consider details about the life of a doctor who works
via VR.  Also, if we are already in a situation where 30% of people are
avoiding taxes there will certainly have been major changes in society,
but I don't know what they will be.  This makes it hard for me to focus
on the issues specific to Ann's anonymity.  However I do like Robin's
choice of a concrete and vivid example like this.

@_date: 1998-02-03 10:17:38
@_author: James O'Toole 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
Maintaining anonymity in the face of the regulatory framework is certain to be difficult, and anything difficult is usually rare, expensive, or both.
An interesting question about the Privacy Card product is whether the social pressure against it is strong enough to defeat its privacy whenever the product is well advertised.  In other words, will a privacy product survive in spite of its own publicity in our current environment, or can privacy products only exist when their own existence is relatively unknown.  This is interesting because in the latter case, we have only a very very weak form of privacy/anonymity because it is hard to be sure how much privacy backs a product whose very existence is semi-secret.
Maybe we should consider putting up, and encouraging existing privacy-enhanced institutions to put up, challenge prizes based on privacy/anonymity preservation.  Just as we've seen prizes set for the cracking of specific composites and encrypted messages, we could ask Credit Suisse to put $1M in an escrow account at their main branch (Zurich?).  This escrow account would be a numbered account held by a trustee selected by the bank.  Let's say they wire $1000 per week to RSA Data Security in California, or to EFF.ORG, or to me, for that matter, and I wire it back.  I publish the full text of any documentation I can get from my bank account (an empty account I would maintain for this anonymity challenge).  Credit Suisse would promise to release the contents of the account to the first person to arrive at their main branch and present the name of the trustee.
That's not a very creative challenge...this could use more thought.
The point is that as far as I know, we haven't yet seen any really solid rewards placed to validate, advertise, or demonstrate the weakness of, well-known privacy-enhanced financial systems.  I don't even know that Digicash, which would be another logical sponsor, has put up such a challenge.  Have they?
  --Jim
Sent: 	Monday, February 02, 1998 1:18 PM
It's worth noting (again) that a very simple technological/social solution
to the "credit card companies have records on people" problem, the one
often cited by "privacy law advocates" as the reason for a Data Privacy
Act, is easily found.
Namely, remove any impediments to the issuance of credit or debit cards
unlinkable to the True Name of a user.  A card issuer could feature this as
a Privacy Card, either backed by transfers of backing capital to accounts,
or using Chaum-style methods.
This is fully feasible using Chaumian credential-revealing mechanisms. (Cf.
Chaum's seminal "Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete," in
Communications of the ACM, November 1985. Updated a few times and available
in reprints or other places. Try search engines for latest locations.)
However, the trends are in just the opposite direction, as both Black
Unicorn and Bill Stewart have noted in this thread. Between the War on
Drugs, the laws about money laundering, the fears of tax evasion, and the
general burrowcrat desire to record the movements and actions of
citizen-units, such a Privacy Card would be frowned-upon.
Various roadblocks, ranging from "know your customer" restrictions on banks
to anti-money-laundering laws, would be thrown up to stop any such Privacy
The real solution is easy.
--Tim May
The Feds have shown their hand: they want a ban on domestic cryptography
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
ComSec 3DES:   408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^2,976,221   | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request at ai.mit.edu" with one line of text: "help".

@_date: 1998-02-04 01:20:06
@_author: James O'Toole 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
Tim, the "social pressure" I was referring to is the process through which the obstacles to privacy-protecting measures are created and enforced.  Examples include both government regulation, which derives part of its support from publicity connecting cash with money laundering with drugs and/or crime, as well as finality/liability rules within non-government financial consortiums, which may strongly encourage proof-of-identity.
Let's take your example of the Institute of Applied Ontology (IAO) corporate Amex card (Ax)... Even with no relevant government regulations, we may find that Ax's agreement with merchants requires Ax to at least either pay the merchant or reveal to the merchant all relevant information known to Ax about the cardholder.  The right contract terms between the merchant and Amex will be good for them, and may be good for most consumers, and could easily be sub-optimal for the subset of consumers who highly value privacy.  The impracticality of negotiating special terms with each merchant means that the best plan to get the privacy/anonymity you want may be to set up a card such that Amex will be willing to operate without knowing much about the cardholder.  I assume that's the intent of your IAO corporate Ax card.
What allocation of the liability for card usage do you expect among Amex, IAO, and the cardholder?  Amex will want the liability allocated to IAO and the cardholder, and if Amex does not possess traceable identity information on the cardholder, then Amex will want an enforceable promise to pay from IAO.  To get this, or even to get funds in advance from IAO, we will find that Amex ends up knowing a lot about the identity of IAO or one of its officers.  Pretty soon we'll run up against the problem of whether Tim May can configure a corporate in the U.S. to be operated by people who don't know who he is, and who can't find out who he is (when properly encouraged to cooperate by Ken Starr...).  With or without government regulation, the most reliable people you can hire to operate that corporation for you may only want to do so if they are given the opportunity to somehow "know" you.
I think you can probably use a bank in a privacy-enhancing-locale such as Switzerland as an effective intermediary in Amex card issuance, but if you really don't want the bank to know who you are, you'll probably need a corporate intermediary between you and the bank, with nominee officers.
The real trick is probably to structure the whole thing so that neither the bank nor the nominee officers have anything to lose, including their reputations.  As long as part of their reputation is that they don't act as front men for drug dealers and criminals, we may find that they keep trying to find out enough about who you are to satisfy themselves that you are a good guy.  That's the social pressure flexing its muscles.
Corporate cards are already widely accepted...most of you probably have a
card issued to you through your employing institution. I see no "social
pressure" to block usage of my Institute of Applied Ontology corporate AmEx
The real roadblock is that government makes such privacy-protecting
measures either difficult or illegal.
--Tim May
The Feds have shown their hand: they want a ban on domestic cryptography
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
ComSec 3DES:   408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^2,976,221   | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."
