
@_date: 2013-08-01 18:10:41
@_author: Barton Gellman 
@_subject: Max Blumenthal on Security Forum (Eugen Leitl) 
References:  <51F96466.1020503
John, et. al.,
I realize my email settings obscured my name in the previous post.
Didn't mean to be mysterious.
As usual, your questions are perceptive, provocative and mischievous. I
respectfully beg off. You know, opsec. I haven't said what materials I
have, and I've said all I want about when and how I talked to Snowden
here:  Unless someone puts a hood on me, you'll
know if a subpoena comes my way. Also, Hersh and Ellsberg don't need
subpoenas. They have super powers.

@_date: 2013-07-31 15:24:22
@_author: OTR 
@_subject: Max Blumenthal on Security Forum (Eugen Leitl) 
References: First, glad to be here. Missed the cypherpunks the first time around.
I'm going to want to get to know you folks for my ongoing coverage of --
and book project on -- Snowden, NSA and the surveillance-industrial
Second, while it's nice (and rather unexpected) to get a shout-out from
Alternet, I wouldn't agree that every other journalist at Aspen was an
acolyte. Michael Isikoff did a good job of pushing his panel, especially
U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride, who is Snowden's designated prosecutor (and
is trying to jail James Risen to force testimony in the Sterling leak
case). Pete Williams is also a terrific reporter. He met charm with
charm but gently walked Keith Alexander into a corner, eliciting
unambiguous statements that the NSA will have to defend as time goes on.
Plus, he called on people he knew would ask tough questions.
Oh, and yes, Aspen covered my travel costs. I assume it did the same for
others. No speaker fee was offered or requested.
(it's Alternet, so caveat lector)
With perhaps one notable exception, none of the high-flying reporters
junketed to Aspen to act as interlocutors seemed terribly interested in
interrogating the logic of the war on terror. The spectacle was a perfect
window into the world of access journalism, with media professionals
brown-nosing national security elites committed to secrecy and surveillance,
avoiding overly adversarial questions but making sure to ask the requisite
question about how much Snowden has caused terrorists to change their
Jeff Harris, the communications director for the Aspen Institute, did not
respond to questions I submitted about whether the journalists who
participated in the Security Forum accepted fees. (It is likely that all
relied on Aspen to at least cover lodging and travel costs).
"You have to do [domestic surveillance] within a closed bubble in order to do
it effectively," Dennis Blair, the director of National Intelligence conceded
under sustained grilling from the Washington Post's Barton Gellman, one of
the reporters who broke Snowden's leaks and perhaps the only journalist at
the Security Forum who subjected participants to tough scrutiny.
When Gellman reminded Alexander that none of the oversight mechanisms
currently in place could determine if the NSA had improperly targeted
American citizens with no involvement in terror-related activity, the general
declared, "we self-report those mistakes."

@_date: 2013-09-03 00:23:55
@_author: otr at riseup.net 
@_subject: WaPo releases details on US offensive cyber-ops 
Greg, et al -- I'm going to keep digging on US cyber operations, and particularly on "computer network exploitation" and "computer network attack." I'd be interested in theories, questions or suggestions from the smart folks here as I think about my reporting strategy. --Bart
Washington Post (Aug 30) - "U.S. spy agencies mounted 231 offensive
cyber-operations in 2011, documents show" by  &

@_date: 2015-05-31 13:19:21
@_author: Barton Gellman 
@_subject: Threat model: Parents 
References: Honestly, people, some of these suggestions are like a parody of geek advice to civilians ;-)
The kid will soon hit upon the same practical solution that his or her peers all use: the smartphone (preferably with a VPN like Freedome), plus browsing at a friend's house. Wiping, Linuxing and LUKSing a family PC will escalate the real-life threat, and the kid's defenses will fall quickly to the parental equivalent of that XKCD password cartoon. If the kid has a need for full size keyboard and screen, and has a few more technical chops than most, there are some alternatives:
 * Boot up Tails in Windows camouflage mode. Choose More Options at boot. Shoulder surfing will probably bust him/her anyway, sooner or later.  * Make one of those WinPE Windows USB drives, if real Windows is required. Last time I looked this wasn't that easy.  * Get a small, fast external drive and install the OS of choice. If the host is a Mac, use Carbon Copy Cloner (or dd) to copy an existing machine to the external drive, or do a fresh installation there. For Linux, choose your flavor.   * Get a Raspberry Pi and hook it to the keyboard and screen, at times when you don't expect interruption.   * A virtual machine may be possible on the monitored host, if the required drivers are already present. Probably not. See   If anyone knows a VM that works without admin rights, speak up. Barton Gellman
