
@_date: 1993-11-12 11:04:50
@_author: P.V.McMahon at rea0803.wins.icl.co.uk 
@_subject: RE*2: (fwd) Netcom adds access in Denver area 
Do you refer here to its inexpensive private Internet access services
(like demon)?
Apologies if there was an antecedent in previous mail under this subject,
but I have now deleted it.
What aspect of the UK infrastructure did you perceive as lagging
the US ?
Ps. I believe that the natural home for this thread isn't on this list.

@_date: 1993-10-11 16:26:23
@_author: P.V.McMahon at rea0803.wins.icl.co.uk 
@_subject: Why X/Open in London? 
X/Open is based in Reading, Berkshire (a short walk from my office). Urban
sprawl hasn't quite connected Reading and London yet.
X/Open doesn't integrate UNIX implementations; it publishes specifications
for a Common Application Environment and defines branding schemes which
permit users to use an independent yardstick to measure the openness of
vendors' systems.
Apart from hinting that material considered to be munitions by US law may
actuallly be available and in use outside the US (through the presence of
interfaces such as crypt(), setkey(), and encrypt() in XPG4), I can't think
of any relevance of X/Open's work to the burdens which cryptographic export
controls may impose on US companies.
Note that similar export constraints as are enjoyed in the US are applied
by the national authorities of the UK, and other countries .

@_date: 1993-10-14 04:20:00
@_author: P.V.McMahon at rea0803.wins.icl.co.uk 
@_subject: cypherpunk mindfucking 
Shouldn't this sort of posting be directed a news group where
its qualities of invective and use of powerful English may be
better appreciated? It doesn't seem very relevant to privacy,
cryptography or code, & merely serves to exercise delete key..

@_date: 1993-09-12 07:08:21
@_author: P.V.McMahon at rea0803.wins.icl.co.uk 
@_subject: EC proposes PRIVACY LICENSES 
I would be interested in knowing which EC document is being referred
to. You may perhaps be interested to know that the 14JUL93 Draft 3.6 of
the "Green Book on the Security of Information Systems" (from CEC DGXIIIB)
addresses the issue that "strong information privacy may also be used to
escape investigation by law enforcement". It identifies some related
requirements: "an effective, internationally agreed, economic, ethical,
and usable solution to meet business, administration, and personal needs
including mechanisms for authorised interception and reporting the
incidents and crimes adjusted to the conditions of the Internal Market,
and to include the necessary equipment and software, but also an infrastructure of Trusted Third Parties. This will discourage "home made"
or other solutions."
As its name suggests, the Green Book isn't an agreed policy, but is an
intermediate step in the process of constructing and Action Plan for
EC information security. As such, the current text might be interpreted
as a recommendation for EC adoption of a Clipper-style solution, but
this is by no means the only (or even the best) way to meet these
requirements. Personally I would favour a framework which encouraged
strong cryptography, and assumed that criminals will tend to ignore the
law, so therefore didn't burden the law-abiding 99% with pointless
constraints. This would require an adjustment to the current Green Book
requirements, which I, at least, will be suggesting.
