
@_date: 2002-07-11 18:39:19
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Finding encrytion algorithm 
It may not matter much. Suppose it could be one of a hundred
algorithms, a dozen of which you know how to break. If it is
important and you have the resources, you just try all twelve
breaks. If one works, then you know the algorithm. If not, you
don't care; you know it's one you cannot break, so details are
not important.
Doing this is only at worst 12 times harder than breaking a
single known cipher. If some of your 12 breaks are easy, then
total effort is much less than 12 times the hardest cipher.
When we're talking about 2^40 steps to break a laughably weak
cipher and > 2^100 for a good one, making it 12, or 1000,
times harder is not a very interesting difference.
Then you've no reason to think it is important enough to be
worth breaking. You can still try.  No. Any good algorithm should produce output that looks /exactly/
like random noise, hence they should all look like each other.
This may not be precisely true, but all decent algorithms will
look random enough to make distinguishing quite difficult.

@_date: 2002-07-19 13:43:10
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: How much will they claim CSS is worth? 
Yes, but the suit filed in California by DVD CCA claimed this was theft
of trade secrets and a violation of the license agreement. Methinks this
is obviously nonsense, but the judge may disagree.

@_date: 2002-06-07 15:36:27
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: number of bits in bent funtion 
Is there a general rule for the number of set
bits in a bent boolean function of n input bits?
I know from the Mister and Adams paper at SAC 96:
that any 8-bit bent function has either 120 or 136 bits
set. That's (2^8)/2 +- 8.
Does that generalise to (2^n)/2 +- n for any even n?
Or is there some other general rule?

@_date: 2002-06-25 11:16:14
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
I certainly agree that that /should/ be the case. However, you assert
that it /is/ the case. Under what country's laws? Can you cite test
I'd claim that he made no agreement; a click-through license is not a
valid contract. If I recall correctly, a Louisiana court did rule that
way in a well-publicised case, and I've heard several Canadians assert
that at least some are invalid under our law. However, what people generally believe has little bearing in law.
The question is whether courts -- which courts in which countries
and on what grounds -- will deem them enforcable and therefore
will enforce them when asked to do so. It does not matter much
what you believe if a court can be convinced you're violating a
law. They have quite effective ways of enforcing such judgements.
Of course, there are some good legal arguments that click-through
agreements should not be enforcable, and that contracts should not
be allowed to restrict reverse engineering. For that matter, there's a good argument that the DVD CCA is an illegal conspiracy to restrict competition and manipulate the
markets, and should be prosecuted as such. e.g. the Australian
Competition Board has demanded an explanation of region codes:
To quote two speeches from that site:
Difficulties between the pro-competitive community and Intellectual Property
Mr Ross Jones, Commissioner
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
Globalisation and Competition Policy
Professor Allan Fels, Chairman
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
The quoted documents are a couple of years old. Does anyone have
an update? A few of us have been trying, without much success, to convince the
Canadian Competition Bureau to prosecute these conspirators. It might
be worth a shot in other countries.
Correct, for the case brought on the East Coast (NY? NJ?) by the
MPAA. However, the first case, brought in California by DVD CCA,
did not use the DMCA. It alleged theft of trade secrets, and
violation of the license agreement.

@_date: 2002-06-30 19:58:35
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Piracy is wrong 
Piracy involves someone other than a warring state attacking ships.
The only recent example I can think of was the French gov't blowing
up Greenpeace's Rainbow Warrior. Your metaphor sucks.
Unauthorized copying is sometimes wrong. However, if the copying
is fair use, then authorisation is utterly irrelevant.
For many of the proposed systems, that extent is nil. For example, the
encryption used on DVD disks has exactly zero effect on anyone with
appropriate tools who wants to copy the disk:
A bit-for-bit copy of a DVD will play on any system the original
Record and movie companies have a long history of trying to extend
their control, to the detriment of both artists and audience. We
should all oppose DRM to the extent that this is its purpose.
Some examples:
United Artists was founded by Chaplin and others as a defense against
the big studios, a way for the actors and directors to get more money
and some creative control.
See Courtney Love's rant for a recent example:
The RIAA argued that making a cassette copy of a record you own, for
example to listen to in the car, violated copyright. The US Supreme
Court ruled it was fair use.
The movie industry claimed that taping a TV show violated copyright.
The Court ruled that at least some taping, such as recording a show
to watch later or in another place, was fair use.
Having lost in court, these industries are now attempting to bypass
those decisions by technical means. The reverse also applies. The clearest example is patent law. In return
for a strictly limited monopoly on commercial exploitation of the invention, the inventor publishes details and agrees that the invention
enter the public domain eventually.
There's a trade-off. The basic public policy goal of patent and copyright
law is to enrich the commons by getting good stuff created and into the
public domain. Rewarding the creators is a step to this goal. In the US,
the Constitution authorises the federal gov't:
"  To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for
"  limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their
"  respective writings and discoveries; (What is the legal meaning of "useful arts"? If it means only disciplines
 like medicine and engineering, then the Constitution does not grant the
 gov't the power to do anything about music or film copyrights.) No. An author cannot prevent you quoting his or her work, nor a composer
stop you from humming a tune. Some things are fair use.
It is far more complex than that. There are situations where various types of copying are unethical and
should, I think, be illegal. Mostly, those are covered by existing law.
There probably need to be some adjustments for the Internet. For example, I'd say it is fairly clear that buying a concert ticket does not give me the right to record the concert and sell tapes. It
seems likely we need a bit of law that says the same principle applies
if I get a piece of music off the net. Perhaps we even need some form of legal framework that has Internet
"radio" stations paying royalties for muisic they play, as real radio
stations do. Or a framework for choose-the-song pay-per-play music that treats it differently from broadcast material chosen by the
station; if you're choosing the time, perhaps time-shifting is less
of a legitimate reason for copying. Or ...
However, it does not follow that we need any form of DRM software to
protect the musicians' and music companies' rights on the net, any more than we need concert staff searching concert-goers for concealed recording equipment.
Even if DRM software comes into wide use, neither defeating it nor
distributing tools for that purpose should be an offense. There are
many legitimate reasons to defeat it. The companies involved have no more right to prevent such use than
I have to sell copies of their book or film on the street corner.
