
@_date: 2002-07-10 12:27:35
@_author: MISS  PATIENCE  EPUE 
@_subject: PLEASE LISTEN TO MY CRYING 
I am miss Patience  Epue,
Final year student of Ambrose Alli university, Nigeria.
I have urgent and very confidential business
and an assistance for you.
There was a foreigner called Engr.  Barry  Kelly,
a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor
with the Nigerian
National Petroleum Corporation, Mr.Barry Kelly, I met him 1997 and we
develope a marriage affairs.
He proposed to marry me but my parents were never in
support of my affairs with him but i insisted
On the 11th march, 2002 engr. Barry went and withdrawn his
fixed deposit account with the Equity trust bank plc lagos
and lodged them with a security company, for safe transfer
 of the fund to Ghana, accra for the purpose
of finacing his private oil refinary that he was working on at Accra.
While this fund was still with the security company,
My surposed husband Engr. Barry,
died on moto accident  on the 24th of april 2002.
He died without a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin or any
relation was
fruitless. I went later to his bank to see if we
can trace the next of kin from his banking doccuments, we were able to
track the relations.On their arrival, i was their comfidant, i took them to
different places including the NNPC where he did a contract that he was not
paid for before his death, i released all the documments to them to enable
them apply for the payment,and they were paid within seven days.
To my greatest surprise, at the end of the whole claims by the family, i
was turned down, claiming that i was not recorgnised as their late brothers
wife and they as well rejected my pregnatcy and even after given birth, all
my request for them to cater for the child has been fruitless. So because
of the bad treatment i received from his family, i now hold to my chest the
particulars of the funds $20,500.000.00, with the security company.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as
a Foreigner to stand as my parner so that
i will release the particulars of the fund with
the security company presently in ghana to
you so that you can clear this fund for me and
you to share as since i was turned out of the rest fund including his
.I have all the doccuments of deposit,
with the security company to enable you act as
the next of kin.
The cash in question is to the tone of
US$ 20,500,000.00(TWENTY MILLION,FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLAS)
Upon your acceptance of this offer, i have aggreed
to share this fund with you as 30% for you,
50% for me, 10% for ophanage, and 10% for any expenses.
Please note that i have been living a misrable life
since his death. He got me pregnant and now i have
a baby boy as a single parents. My parents disowned
me because they where never in support of our affairs.
Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest
assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us
because I shall
require your assistance to invest my share in your
country.(Buying of
properties like houses, hotels etc)
Please let me hear from you as soon as you received
this mail and i will introduce you to my lawyer who
will in comfidence handle this transaction with you
as i can not even pay my phone bills for effective
communications with you.
Please treat me as your sister, daughter and the
misrable future of the just born baby by a student
without father.Waiting to hear from you soon.
Miss  Patience  Epue
