
@_date: 2006-07-31 04:32:01
@_author: Patrick Sinz 
@_subject: [IP] more on Can you be compelled to give a password? 
The whole question seems to be a way to hide the proverbial white
Why would the border police want to look at my PC's content anyway
(apart from proving that it really work and is not just a cleverly
disguised bomb, or drug stash).
If I would smuggle illegal "whatshamacallits" the only reason to do it
on my PC and travel through the border instead of using the internet
would be because the internet "borders" would be watched "better" than
the physical borders.
So it seems that either:
"Whatshamacallits" smuggler are better informed than I am and KNOW that
the  is reading ALL their encrypted
anonymised e-mail. (and of course mine and yours and everybodys, because
how would they know otherwise).
Or it is not an efficient way to stop "Whatshamacallits" smuggler and
then it seems it is just a way to hassle random people, since booting
your PC letting the officer sniff around to find "Whatshamacallits" will
take a significant amount of time, probably enough the make you miss
your plane, train connection or what ever.
(I guess using non Microsoft OS will be a way to agravate the nice
officer that has not been trained on your platform).
It also prompts a question:
If I have a virtual "on-line" disk somewhere (lets say just to seem
really suspicious it is hosted in transdniestrian moldova)
I go to the US with my "clean PC", and then sit down and remote mount my
"on-line" disk.
Does it mean that now the US border control can legally inspect my data
as it enters the US without any warrant ?
Since it would actually be just a "continuation" of the search that they
"might have made" on my PC when I crossed the border.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
