
@_date: 1993-08-09 07:16:37
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Secure voice software issues 
As soon as I get the famous Intergraph Overtime Boot off my neck, I
plan to start writing some crypto-phone software for the Mac. Pursuant
to that, there are some issues and questions that I'd like to raise
here for your perusal.
There have been several calls here in the past for Sound-Blaster based
cryptophones, but none have yet appeared, so I'm going ahead with
this. Comments and questions, even flames, are welcome. Just don't ask
me to include support for Skipjack/Capstone hardware, or I'll sic
David Sternlight on you. (note: no smiley)
1. Why the Mac? Well, because I have one :) Also because all Macs for the
last three years or so have integrated sound I/O, and OS support for
same. This support includes choice of sampling rate, compression
(none, ~2:1, ~6:1), and even a choice of input device (the built-in
mike, or some more-exotic external device, like the Mac version of the
PAS-16 soundcard.)
2. Some fundamental principles:
4. The initial version will probably support single and triple DES and
IDEA for encryption, with key exchange a la vat- none! Later versions
may include DH key exchange and other encryption algorithms.
Eventually (probably not until I get a PowerPC-based machine) I'd like
to be able to use PGP keyrings as phonebooks.
5. In a few months I'll need some beta testers. In the meantime I need
helpful suggestions for names, features, and designed-in expansion
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-08-09 18:41:52
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Secure voice software issues 
The problem with this is that public-key encryption is slooooow. I
never thought of having a fixed key for each user; even the STU-III
ignition keys get reloaded every so often.
Until I implement DH key exchange, caller & callee must have some way
to agree on a key. This is far from ideal, but (based on PGP's RSA
implementation on my Mac) I don't think RSA would cut it.
One possibility is to use a PGP-style keyring; the caller can encrypt
the session key with the callee's pubkey and transmit it. I think that
this is less secure than DH, though.
More comments are way welcome! Thanks.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-08-10 09:12:03
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Secure voice software issues 
I may have a clouded view of the technology available here, because I
confess to not understanding all of your post- namely, why the "web of
trust" necessarily bears here.
It feels like DH would probably be the best mechanism for key
exchange.  When Alice calls Bob, their two Macs can conduct a DH
exchange of randomly generated, valid-for-only-one-call session keys
and use those to encrypt both ends of the link.
The reason behind my original proposal of a system that could use PGP
keyrings is thus: let's say that I want to call you. I tell my
cryptophone to call "Phil Karn", so it looks up your public key and
uses it to encrypt my side's session key, then signs the encrypted
version with my public key.
Your cryptophone answers, de-signatures the data block to see who's
calling, then decodes the encrypted session key using your secret key.
If you decide to accept the call, your cryptophone can send me a key
by encrypting it with my private key, then signing it with your pubkey.
This protocol is obviously not secure against spoofing attacks. It
does support anonymous use, though- if the caller doesn't sign the
encrypted session key block, you could still accept the call!
The big advantage to this scheme in my mind is that it leverages PGP's
infrastructure and key distribution. I'm not sure that the web model
would be terribly useful; I tend to think of most calls as being
either to "indirectly trusted" keys (i.e. I can call Phil Z to ask
about how the developers got permission to use IDEA in PGP) or to
directly trusted keys (i.e. I can call someone whose key I've
personally signed.)
The presence of a hardwired telephone number, of course, adds some
trustability. TCP/IP traffic can be falsified in ways that POTS
traffic can't, and it's very hard to subvert The Phone Company (tm).
Even if I don't completely trust your key, if I call Qualcomm's front
desk and ask for your work phone  I can probably trust that.
OTOH, as I read someone post the other day, "Everyone you've ever met
is working for the CIA. There's absolutely no way to prove
differently." :)
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-08-11 11:16:59
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Chaos harnessed for encryption / Fluctuations and Order research 
A recent _Scientific American_ had a brief piece on inducing order in
chaotic systems; I don't have it handy, but apparently it's fairly
simple to induce order in some nonlinear systems.
I'm no chaotician, but it seems that if you want to synchronize two
chaos generators at different sites, you must a) use the same initial
values and b) use the same mechanism to induce order. Granted that
small changes in a) or b) can change the system greatly, this doesn't
seem all that different from conventional synchronized encryption
(I'm happy to note that much of this work is being done at Georgia
Tech, my alma mater. It's great to be a fuzzy bee!)
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-08-11 15:02:06
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Secure voice software issues 
This was discussed a while back in the context of secure voice
hardware, but I don't remember whether anyone had been able to get
real-time CELP performance with any particular implementation.
I do know that ZyXEL's modems are able to do real-time CELP using a
68000 processor. The low-end models can do CELP encoding at 9600 baud,
and the faster ones do better-quality encoding (ACELP, I think they
call it) at 19200 baud.
The Mac OS also includes Apple's sound compression routines, which
aren't CELP (i.e. they're not optimized for voice) but allegedly can
do real-time compression.

@_date: 1993-08-13 09:42:57
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Software patents 
I want to bring this up in the context of the PGP vs PKP thread from a
while back. I am personally interested, since my cryptophone software
could conceivable infringe on several varied patents simply by using
excerpted code from PGP.
Background: the Association for Computing Machinery is the computer
science equivalent of the ABA or the AMA.  They are in the process of
revising their code of ethics for ACM members.
Several lumiaries (Guy L. Steele, Jr., Danny Hillis, Richard Stallman,
Gerald J. Sussman, Marvin Minsky, John McCarthy, John Backus, and
Fernando J. Corbato) wrote a letter objecting to the new clause. I
have excerpted Turing Award winner, 1990
The original was posted to gnu.misc.discuss by jhawk at panix.com (John
Hawkinson); he had RMS' permission, but I am reposting here without
permission. Comments in {} are mine.
begin included text
The ACM recently adopted a "moral imperative" for its members to
"Honor property rights including copyrights and patents."  This is
clause 1.5 of a new ethics code for ACM members, adopted in October
ACM surveys suggest that most ACM members disapprove of having
patents in software at all; yet the ACM moral imperative calls on
members to honor what they may regard as a disaster for their field.
[... spirit vs. letter of law ...]
But the word "honor" has other implications.  The spirit and practical
effect of the ACM code is to endorse the current intellectual property
system and discourage independent judgement about it.  This directly
opposes the views of many, perhaps most, ACM members.
Not only that; it also distorts the patent system, by telling people
not to exercise their rights in the system.  After all, what does it
mean to "honor" a patent?
Whether a particular patent is valid and applicable is always an open
question until decided by a court case.  And it is never a crime to
infringe a patent.  If you think a patent is invalid, the legal system
encourages you to disregard it; if you are not sued, then your actions
are legitimate.  If you are sued, then you are welcome to fight the
case and see if you can overturn the patent.  (This is so expensive
that the possibility is purely theoretical for most of us, and it
cannot solve more than a tiny fraction of the software patent problem,
but some of the readers may work for companies that can afford to do
so occasionally.)
If you can do all that and still be "honoring" the patent, then
"honoring" is an empty requirement which there is no way to violate.
The reader is likely to dismiss this interpretation, based on the
heuristic that every clause in the ACM code must have some practical
import or it would have been deleted.
If "honoring" a patent does not permit challenging it in that way,
then the ACM is directing its members to treat all patents as valid
and not exercise their legal right to challenge patents!
[... remainder deleted ...]
Now, IANAL, but the preceding is new to me. By the argument presented
above PGP is legal w.r.t. patent infringment. Infringement is _not_ an
unlawful act, and the question of whether or not PGP is infringing can
only be settled by a court encounter between PKP and someone else.
Theoretically, then, we are all safe unless PKP decides to take us
individually to court. We are likewise safe should any of us-
collectively or individually- write, distribute, or aid/abet thereof
any code which might potentially infringe a patent.
Sounds like innocent until proven guilty. Sounds like Schnorr and
digital cash are fair game.
 "quote me"

@_date: 1993-08-13 13:22:59
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Electracy: Evil Revisited 
Fully participative electronic democracy is what you get when you
 cross cable TV with mob rule.
 I'm a little suprised no one has brought up Brunner's Oracle from _The
 Shockwave Rider_. For those of you who haven't read it, imagine a sort
 of Nintendo-meets-OTB system where you can vote- and *bet* - on the
 probability of certain events.
 Of course, the government has the means to effect the outcome of many
 such events (money supply, availability of crypto, who wins the Miss
 Teen USA pageant), but it's an interesting concept.
 The problem with Lance's positive reputation, et al system is that
 having power, money, status, influence, or a stout reputation doesn't
 automatically mean you're _right_. (cf. Armand Hammer, J. Edgar
 Hoover, Lani Guinier), and the lack thereof doesn't necessarily mean
 you're wrong or that your ideas shouldn't be heard (cf. Alger Hiss,
 the guy-who-invented-variable-delay-wipers, early Martin Luther King
 Jr.)
 -Paul

@_date: 1993-08-30 13:03:49
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Apple planning to use Clipper chip? 
I agree 100% with what Scott had to say about Apple's past history. My
own experience as a Mac owner and developer bears him out.
However, Apple *does* have a set of software to allow digital
signatures for documents and mail- AOCE. 1. Apple has a history of releasing software which *can* take
advantage of special hardware available on newer machines (i.e. Color
QuickDraw, the Sound Manager, which allows recording sounds directly
on machines with built-in mikes), but which is still
2. AOCE already includes RSA for digital signatures; using the
Component Manager, it could conceivably take advantage of a
Capstone/Clipper ASIC on the motherboard or on an expansion card (or a
PCMCIA slot, or whatever.)
3. Third-party developers have little reward in developing an API for
something like digital signatures, but there are great rewards in
writing software which supports Apple's API. Look at the ongoing
competition between video codecs for an example.
Theorem A: just because Apple _can_ do something is no reason to think
they _will_, especially when the benefits are questionable (as they
certainly are here!)
Theorem B: Even *if* (and I stress that one little word) Apple put a Capstone
into every Macintosh, that doesn't mean *you* have to use it. Since
AOCE supports plug-in encryption & signature technology, you can roll
your own (and I see a good market in doing so.)
While the proof of both of the above must be left to future readers,
I'm not too concerned. A meta-note: let's keep all the FSF wrangling
someplace else. It's really not appropriate here.

@_date: 1993-12-15 07:40:39
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: anonymous video rental store 
The ideal implementation would be as a cash pool: you put in a total
of $X to cover your utility and service deposits, then provide
potential claimants with blinded withdrawal tokens.
So, when I go to Huntsville Utilities and ask them to turn on the
power at my house, rather than writing a check or giving them personal
information, I just tell give them a blinded token which they could
use to withdraw $X from my account at the Austin-Internet Credit
One potential problem is that some services (phone, gas, water)
require physical location information as part of their service. You
have to give the correct physical address for infrastructure services,
but you could give a false name. Other services, though, like the video
rental store, probably wouldn't care. Another problem is how you ensure security of transactions: you don't
want the service provider to debit the account unnecessarily, and the
service provider will want to keep you from closing the account and
leaving them without payment. I suspect that a properly blinded
protocol would work but haven't brainstormed one yet.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-07-13 07:46:03
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: PGP 2.3 now avail for Intergraph Clipper CPU 
I recently finished porting and testing PGP 2.3 for the Intergraph Clipper
C400 CPU. Anyone interested in getting an executable or source diffs
should contact me; I've already sent in the makefile changes to Phil Z,
so you can wait until 2.4 if you'd rather.
I'm also working on a C400 assembler equivalent of the machine-specific
fast math functions.. that should help performance a bit.
Of course, this effort is not supported (officially or otherwise) by
Integraph, and it's certainly not a product :)

@_date: 1993-07-16 12:22:01
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Crypto Conference from Hell 
The attached message was originally posted in comp.dcom.telecom. I haven't
contacted these people, but some 'punk in the DC area might be able to
weasel in.
Consider the list of speakers:
Fun for the whole family!
Path: infonode!uunet!spool.mu.edu!telecom-request
Newsgroups: comp.dcom.telecom
Organization: TELECOM Digest
Sender: telecom at eecs.nwu.edu
Approved: telecom at eecs.nwu.edu
X-Submissions-To: telecom at eecs.nwu.edu
X-Administrivia-To: telecom-request at eecs.nwu.edu
X-Telecom-Digest: Volume 13, Issue 468, Message 1 of 9
Lines: 151
Conference Announcement:
         A TeleStrategies Conference with Dr. Dorothy Denning
         Encrypting Voice and Data: Strategies for the Future
                          Aug. 3-4, 1993
                          Washington, DC
Tuesday, August 3, 1993
8:30-9:00 Registration
9:00-10:30 CRYPTOGRAPHY OVERVIEW The basic concepts of cryptography and encryption, including
single-key and publickey, authentication, digital signatures, key
negotiation or distribution, and cryptanalysis (code breaking) will be
introduced along with the Data Encryption Standard (DES), the RSA
public-key system, and the Digital Signature Standard (DSS). The
speaker will also discuss the need for encryption and the role of
encryption in telephony and communications networks.
Dr. Dorothy E. Denning, Professor and Chair of Computer Science,
    Georgetown University
10:30-10:45 Coffee Break
SURVEY OF ENCRYPTION PRODUCTS The speaker will survey commercial hardware and software products that
contain encryption capabilities, including the types of products that
are available, their relative strengths and weaknesses, and the major
Jim Bidzos, President, RSA Data Security, Inc.
CELLULAR ENCRYPTION
Cellular calls are especially vulnerable to eavesdropping. PrivaFone's
approach, which is interoperable on cellular and land lines, will be
described. Digital cellular standards that provide voice privacy and
authentication for TDMA or CDMA technologies also will be discussed.
Dr. Ming Lee, President, Synacomm Technology
Charles Wistar, President, PrivaFone Corp.
12:30-1:45 Hosted Lunch
1:45-2:30 THE CLIPPER AND CAPSTONE CHIPS The Clipper and Capstone Chips are part of a new U.S. technology
initiative to provide secure communications and legitimate law
enforcement access through a key escrow system. The speakers will
describe the initiative, the security functions provided by the chips,
and the use of the Clipper Chip in the AT&T Telephone Security Device.
William M. Agee, Manager, Secure Communication Systems - Government, AT&T
Raymond G. Kammer, Acting Director, National Institute of Standards      and Technology
BUSINESS CONCERNS WITH ENCRYPTION The speaker will give a snapshot of one computer security program and
discuss business concerns with encryption, including practical needs
and requirements, organizational constraints, operational concerns,
security of the process, and balancing concerns and practical use.
Randolph N. Sanovic, Manager of Computer Security Planning, Mobil Corp.
3:00-3:15 Coffee Break
USING CRYPTOGRAPHY TO ARCHITECT DISTRIBUTED OPEN SYSTEMS
SECURITY: A CASE STUDY Securing networks and computers in a distributed environment presents
several new challenges. The speaker will describe Bell Atlantic's
enterprise-wide approach to architecting security in such an
environment, showing how encryption fits into the design.
Ravi Ganesan, Specialist, Security Research and Planning, Bell Atlantic
ENCRYPTION IN ELECTRONIC COMMERCE AND ELECTRONIC MAIL Encryption is becoming an integral tool for building secure
applications.  The speakers will discuss the use of encryption and
digital signatures in Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) and Internet
Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM).
Michael S. Baum J.D., Principal, Independent Monitoring
Dr. Stephen D. Crocker, Vice President, Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
5:00-6:00 Reception
Wednesday, August 4, 1993
CRYPTOGRAPHY POLICY IN THE U.S. The speakers will discuss the Clipper and Capstone chips, law
enforcement needs and the Digital Telephony proposal, export and
import of encryption products, international markets, industry growth
and competitiveness, and individual privacy. They will also report on
the national policy review in progress.
Dr. Willis H. Ware, Chair, Computer Systems Security and Privacy      Advisory Board (Moderator)
Jerry Berman, Executive Director, Electronic Frontier Foundation    Clinton C. Brooks, Special Assistant to Director, National Security Agency Alan R. McDonald, Special Assistant (Legal) to the Assistant Director,      Technical Services Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation
Ilene Rosenthal, General Counsel, Software Publishers Association
10:30-10:45 Coffee Break
10:45-11:30 CRYPTOGRAPHY IN THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITY In the European Community, government controls on cryptography differ
across countries and affect achievement of secure open systems and,
consequently, achievement of the Open Market and transborder
electronic trading. The speaker will summarize the current situation
in Europe, describe some of the initiatives to address the issues, and
comment on the recent initiatives in the US.
Christopher E. Sundt, Business Strategy Manager, ICL Secure Systems
THE FUTURE OF CRYPTOGRAPHY IN TELECOMMUNICATIONS Several fast-moving trends in telecommunications demand cryptographic
solutions, including wireless transmission, multi-media conferencing,
and electronic commerce.  As broadcast and multiple access
technologies are used increasingly for information transmission, and
everyday business is carried out in "cyberspace," structures that
ensure privacy, authenticity, and (often) anonymity must become part
of the natural landscape.
Dr. David P. Maher, Chief Scientist for AT&T Secure Communications      Systems, AT&T
For complete information call TeleStrategies Inc. at (703) 734-7050.

@_date: 1993-07-27 08:52:37
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Nose against the grindstone 
I assume everyone saw the message from Philip Mulivor here asking for our
input on the issues related to anonymity and newsgathering. As of
Friday afternoon, I was the only one to respond.
I can't help but think that we are being dissolute in discussing
T-shirts, coffee mugs, et al when a *REAL* *LIVE* *JOURNALIST* came to
the list asking for information and got almost zero response.
If we're looking at shirts which will raise people's awareness and
provoke questions, that's great. Many of the slogans and designs,
though, will be indecipherable to anyone who's not _already_ a
cypherpunk. If these shirts are just a membership badge, like a DoD #
in *.motorcycles, then IMNSHO we're wasting our time.

@_date: 1993-07-27 13:01:18
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Tim's nose (was Re: nose against the grindstone) 
[ my original message deleted ]
Perhaps I didn't express myself clearly. In fact, it's evident :)
My opinion, which stands, is that we have spent an inordinate amount
of time in frivolous discussion about T-shirts. My personal opinion is
that you build esprit de corps by common effort and common
achievement, not by how you dress (although my primary experience with
that sort of team spirit comes from my time in the Marines, where
everyone wears the same kind of T-shirt :)
I'm not saying that we shouldn't be having fun- but the ongoing
discussion about dress preferences (T-shirt vs. polo vs. cap and so
on) and styles doesn't seem to have an end in either sense (that of
termination or that of purpose.)
Many of our illustrious contributors have talked with high-powered
journalists in the past, and I applaud that effort. Considering the
target market of Phil's article- other professional journalists- I
think spending time to answer his questions is worthwhile.
To me, it's more important to educate reporters in (for example)
Huntsville and Peoria to our cause than to spread the word to trendy,
likely-to-be-sympathetic-to-our-cause folks who read _Wired_, _Village
Voice_, and _Whole Earth Review._
Well, Lance missed the boat here; I have had an ongoing exchange with
Phil via his e-mail account (mulivor at crc.monroecc.edu), which last I
heard counted as net access...
I'm tempted to say something flip here about "when the average Joe
understands crypto issues like he understands the beer tax, then we
can quit." I don't think that's true, but overexposure _in the media
as a whole_ is not a problem we have right now. Not everyone reads the
_NYT_ and the other pubs mentioned above, and not everyone listens to
NPR. (Ask Crunch about the audience he's trying to reach at raves!)
                      ^^^^
Agreed. I humbly suggest that we've spent our allotted time and could
move on to something more productive.
Right on, brother.

@_date: 1993-11-10 06:18:57
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: 'Resistance Is Futile' 
Philippe makes another in a series of good points about our crypto
coffee shop: it is vulnerable to disruption by "screaming children."
Of course, not all usenet readers are screaming children; Tony Rippy,
in a cogent post, proves that he belongs in that happy group. However,
I present as counterexamples David Sternlight, John De Armond, and
John Palmer.
Those who have an interest in this subject will find the list, and we
should welcome them here. USENET gatewaying makes it waaay too easy
for the casual flamers and empty-headed arguers to drop in to visit
Enjoy your coffee,
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-11-10 08:08:57
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Ever buy encryption software? YOU WILL! 
I found this on comp.dcom.telecom and have elided some marketing
material. My editorial comments are enclosed in brackets.
Amazing. _AT&T_, the same folks that were trying to bring us Clipper,
are going to sell DES over-the-counter. I'd be happier with
triple-DES, but this blows my tiny little mind.
I have a call in to Dave Arneke, who's listed as the contact person
for this release. When I can extract some details from him, I'll post
Some key points:
  - products include DES (single or triple?) and SHA, an encrypting
    version of ZMODEM, and unnamed RSA-based products
  - the products have been available in the gov't market for > 1 year
  - AT&T is marketing them; they were developed by another company.
X-Submissions-To: telecom at eecs.nwu.edu
X-Administrivia-To: telecom-request at eecs.nwu.edu
X-Telecom-Digest: Volume 13, Issue 745, Message 1 of 10
We'll be demonstrating these and other data security products at
COMDEX next week (we're in the NCR booth).
We have a variety of secure communications products in our line,
hardware and software, voice, data, fax, video and wireless.  I'll
keep the information coming as we put it out.
Thanks again.
David Arneke   Media Relations Manager, AT&T Secure Communications Systems
919 279-7680   david.arneke at att.com
AT&T INTRODUCES SECURITY SOFTWARE TO PROTECT PC, WORKSTATION DATA AND
     GREENSBORO, North Carolina -- AT&T is introducing software
programs that protect a variety of laptop, PC and workstation
     The shrink-wrapped programs, announced today, provide data
privacy, digital signatures and secure data transmission.  They are
the first in a series that will provide end-users with public key
cryptography capabilities.
     AT&T Secure Communications Systems has previously developed a
multilevel secure UNIX software package.  The products announced today
are its first security-related offerings in the DOS/Windows and
Macintosh markets.
[ ... marketing talk from Bill Franklin, business development manager
for AT&T Secure Communications Systems, deleted ]
     The first programs in the series are:
     -- AT&T SecretAgent (R), which implements the Digital Encryption
Standard for privacy and the Digital Signature Algorithm and Secure
Hash Standard to protect the integrity of files stored on or
transmitted from personal computers.  It operates transparently to
e-mail systems.
     -- AT&T dsaSIGN (TM), which provides authentication and data
integrity assurance for electronic documents through use of the
Digital Signature Algorithm and Secure Hash Standard.
     -- AT&T SecureZMODEM (TM), which encrypts data on the fly as it
is transmitted using the ZMODEM communications protocol.
     Additional software products based on RSA public-key technology
are also available.
     "We will also introduce access control products, com- patible
with the products we're announcing today, for PCs, workstations and
networks in the coming months," Franklin said.
     All three programs were developed for AT&T by Information
Security Corporation of Deerfield, Illinois.  They are available
exclusively from AT&T and its distributors.
     ISC will be AT&T's primary representative in the government
market for these and related products.
     The programs use proven technology that has been available in the
government market for more than a year.
     "All three have gained strong acceptance among government
computer users," said Tom Venn, president of Information Security
     The single-copy price for AT&T SecretAgent is $329.95; for AT&T
dsaSIGN, $149.95; and for AT&T SecureZMODEM, $99.95.  Site and
enterprise licenses and volume discounts are available.
     All programs are available now directly from AT&T Secure
Communications Systems and its distributors.
     Customers can get more information on AT&T software security
programs by calling 1 800 203-5563.
     For media inquiries, call David Arneke at AT&T Secure
Communications Systems, 919 279-7680.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-11-11 09:39:32
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: AT&T Encryption Product 
I got a call from David Arneke of AT&T yesterday. He was able to
answer a few questions for me: namely, that the reason no RSA-based
products are available is that they aren't finished yet!
AT&T Secure Systems put on a big push to have products ready to show
at COMDEX, and the DES/SHA/DSS-based products were ready first. Arneke
did say that they will be forthcoming.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-11-12 11:23:45
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Mounting a "Secure" filesystem in UNIX 
Not that I'm a Windows/NT fan- quite the contrary; although my
employer is the largest NT developer in the world behind Microsoft, I
personally want no part of NT.
NT is presently being evaluated by the NCSC for C2 status.
Absolutely correct. However, I take some comfort from the fact that
Dave Cutler, of VMS fame, was the principal engineer on NT. For all
its (myriad) other faults, VMS is fairly secure out of the box.
NT doesn't have source available. Neither does SunOS. Both support the
same set of "open computing" protocols, so saying NT is closed is
specious at best.
Like the theoretical capacity of an optical fiber, using
source-available OSs as the bedrock for your own secure system is
wonderful in theory but extremely limiting in practice.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-11-15 06:30:30
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: S. Boxx == L. Detwiler 
It should be evident; at least I'm convinced. The recent discussion on
programs to automatically search for similarities in texts of
different authors led me to think back on the collected works of
Detwiler and Boxx.
This is not sufficient evidence to stand up in court (or in the RISKS
Digest), but I offer it for your consideration.  There are some unique
and characteristic signatures in material from both authors:
So, L.Detwiler: are you the snake, or just a tentacle? Of course,
maybe S. Boxx is just Eric pretending to be Tim, who is pretending to
be you. Or, maybe it's those damn Libertarian Nazi abortionists. I
don't know.
Wishing the coffee house had a bouncer,
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-11-15 06:41:05
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Key Servers 
You have made some contributions to the net in the past. I
will try to proceed without calling names or poking fun.
The fact that PGP doesn't bind True Names and keys is not important to
me, nor to many others like me. I go by the code of the Old West: a man's reputation is established by what
he does. Period. In our case, that equates to "an entity's reputation
is established by the content of its posts." Real identity just isn't
important. For example, Wonderer has established itself as a smart, literate,
eager-to-learn entity. I look forward to its posts, and I don't care
who owns that pseudonym. The content is important, not the source.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-11-30 12:42:21
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Statistics of Low-Order Bits in Images 
You use a known source of material. For example, here's one way you
could easily distribute messages to a wide audience using
off-the-shelf tools.  1. Buy one of the many porno CD-ROMs. Pick one which is fairly
widespread and to which your source will also have access (i.e. if
you're in Denmark, don't choose a child porno CD to communicate with
someone in the US.) Of course, audio or other types of data CDs will
work here too.
2. Make _prearranged_ changes to your source file: convert JPEG->GIF,
or apply a Gaussian blur- whatever suits your fancy.
3. XOR in your message text.
4. Post to Usenet,  indicating the source of the materials (i.e. "This
picture came from `Girls of The Rural South, vol 1'" or "Audio sampled
from Michael Jackson's _Dangerous_")
Step 1 insures that your recipient will have access to the same source
material. Step 2 helps mask your message by introducing _other_
differences between the step 1 source and the transmitted message.
Step 4 gives you an easy, safe, distributed transmission medium.
Repeat as necessary.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-10-11 07:59:49
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: [META] [LIST] Let the market decide 
I write this in the hope that it'll finish off the list/newsgroup
discussion and with the fear that it will make it worse.
"Let the market decide." If you feel that a newsgroup is the right way
to go, then start one. If it offers something valuable to current
cypherpunks subscribers, they'll read it.
Likewise with alternate mailing lists. If you want a crypto-politics
list, start one. If it offers valuable material, people will
Do not presume to dictate to the folks like Eric and Tim who created,
and have since nurtured, this list. Build a better mousetrap, and all

@_date: 1993-10-13 06:39:59
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Cell systems have to know which cell you're in (visualize each cell as
a circle centered on the cell site) to know how to route a call _to_
you. I believe the MTSO (== cellular CO) will route the call directly
to the cell site for the cell you're in.
Of course, the cell will also know what cell you're in when you
originate a call. This knowledge is useful for traffic analysis, but
it's also required for the system to be able to route incoming and
outgoing calls.
An alternative is the ham packet radio-style addressing of
user at node where "user" represents the call sign of the
intended receiver and each node represents the call of a digipeater
between the sender and recipient. The hard part here is that you must
be able to dynamically generate a route between Alice and Bob if
either of them move from their last known location.
Of course, there's always store-and-forward. A spread-spectrum network
of small digipeaters, combined with crypto remailing and pool
software, would really be something. I'm not sure that it would work
well for spread-spectrum SLIP, though.

@_date: 1993-10-18 13:27:15
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Leisure Suit Larry 
Well, Dorothy Denning referred to "Larry Detwiler"'s comments on the
ITAR in the latest RISKS, which I don't have handy.  I always thought
it was Lance.
Could there be more than one? Is "tcmay" also posing as one of the L.
Detwilers? Are we being pseudospoofed? Maybe someone should call Dan

@_date: 1993-10-25 06:39:06
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: on the term `signature' 
Actually, not. Apple's PowerTalk environment uses persona certificates
right now, although entities may buy RSA's Safekeeper boxes
("tamperproof" titanium key generators) to generate actual warranted
All a persona certificate says is that key X belongs to person Y. No
warranty, express or implied, is granted. If I have a persona
certificate, say, from Dun & Bradstreet, all D&B is claiming is that
the key on that certificate belongs to *me*. They could potentially be
liable if the key actually belonged to someone else, but they wouldn't
be liable if I used that key to embezzle $10M from the EFF Digital
Credit Union.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-10-28 10:52:42
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Chaos - A noun we can live with 
An unsolicited opinion: one of the best things about cypherpunks'
early days is that the list members (spurred on by the examples set by
a few folks) generally posted informative and incisive material to the
list and kept the flames, potentially-silly questions, and other
detritus in private e-mail.
The recent Detwiler melee is a case of the USENET-ization of this
list. I'm sorry that some valuable contributors- *including Detwiler*,
who often had a steely point buried under the Moby Adjectives- will no
longer be sharing with us.
A bad s/n ratio is usually transient, and people who tune out due to
the traffic will often come back. Unfortunately, the kind of
acrimony we've been favored with here tends to force out many people
whose contributions enrich us all.
I'd like to ask each of the remaining members to think about your own
reasons for reading the list. If you're here to learn, teach, and
share, that's great. If you're here to act like an alt.flame regular,
not so great. I'd hate to see any more people driven off because the coffee in our
coffee house is too bitter. So, to summarize: you don't have to always
be nice, but if you feel the need to flame, keep it in e-mail.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-10-28 11:08:08
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Signing our keys 
Here's a terrific example of one of the interesting differences
between the PEM-style key hierarchy and the PGP web.
Consider that any entity (real or spoofed) can own a key pair in
either model. A PEM key is bound to a particular identity by a
certificate. Right now, you can only get these certificates from
entities that want some concrete evidence of your True Name; this
makes sense, since the certificate establishes that key X belongs to
True Name Y.
PGP, OTOH, doesn't have any direct equivalent of a certificate. If I
get Wonderer's key with no signatures, I can't guarantee anything
about the association between that entity and the key I get. If I get that same PGP key with signatures from Phil Karn and L. Detwiler,
I know that they're willing to certify the assocation. Does that mean
anything? Well, it depends on who the signers are :)
A set of PGP signatures can be equivalent to a PEM-style certificate;
that is, the set of signatures on a key, establishing that a
particular key belongs to a particular entity, can potentially be as
trustworthy as a certificate from Dun & Bradstreet or RSA.
The PGP feature that a key doesn't have to belong to the True Name of
an entity is a big plus in my book; otherwise, we'd have no Wonderer,
no deadbeat, and no S. Boxx.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-09-01 11:29:23
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Encryption policies of Fidnet, etc. 
The exemption is a part of the sections of the US code pertaining to
patents. As I understand it, the exemption allows you to build _one_
instance of a patented item for your _own_ _personal_ research.
If you as an individual want to keep a patented bunny as a pet, you're
probably OK. If you want to use PGP, as an ividual, you're probably
OK. If you want to use those patented items for anything else, you're
probably not OK, thus the recent interest in a
commercial-and-infringement-proof PGP.
Witness the just-decided Litton-Honeywell patent infringement case.
Litton obtained a $1.2G judgement against Honeywell, which used a
method patented by Litton to manufacture its very successful ring
laser gyros.
Since damages in patent infringement cases are based on actual damages
(with a 3x increase possible if the jury decides that the infringement
was deliberate), the Litton-Honeywell case might give a manufacturer
I bet that PKP would be unable to show that my use of PGP has caused
them _any_ actual (or even potential) damages.  However, Apple (or
Lotus, or any of the other RSA licensees) have obviously decided that
they'd rather play {safe,fair} and license the patents directly.
- -Paul

@_date: 1993-09-22 07:53:00
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Public-Key Crypto Toolkit 
I'd really like to see the toolkit in plain ol' C. I realize that
other languages and systems have great advantages over C, but C is
portable beyond belief.
It would be nice to have something built & documented like RSAREF but
with the capabilities of PGP (plus D-H exchange) built in. It would
probably see widespread and immediate adoption.

@_date: 1994-04-11 12:57:25
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Crypto, satellites, & China 
A story in the 3/14/94 issue of _Aviation Week_ reports that Hughes
and Martin Marietta have satisfied the State Department and will now
be able to launch the Optus B3 comsat. All the quotes below are from
the article; it didn't have any detail on the cryptostuff.
State had held up the launch because the Optus B3 payload included a
"sensitive decryption chip". The USG made trade with China subject to
the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) after China was suspected
of selling missiles to Pakistan.
Hughes agreed to remove the chip, which "guards the satellite's
steering commands"; once removed, State lifted the export restriction.
"By removing the chip, authority for approving the launch was shifted
to the Commerce Dept. from an interagency review commission headed by
the State Dept. that had far less leeway to act."
I never knew that encryption fell under MTCR in addition to ITAR.
Presumably any crypto hardware or software which can be used to
protect missile or satellite telemetry or commanding can be
If anyone has more details on the MTCR and its application, I'd love
to hear it.
- -Paul Robichaux

@_date: 1994-04-12 12:29:16
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Crypto, satellites, & China 
No, I think the MTCR is like ITAR: it restricts who may export what.
The MTCR is the rationale behind why we don't export rocket engines to
countries like Pakistan who are believed to be developing IRBMs. Of
course, some dual-use technology probably slips through, just as it
has with ITAR and COCOM.
All of the strategic arms reduction treaties include a provision for
telemetry monitoring, but I didn't think "ordinary" satellite launches
were covered. Especially in the case of commanding; you really don't
want J. Random Hacker to reorient the attitude or orbit of your

@_date: 1994-04-14 06:06:45
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Tech: Encryption and Satellites (re: GI) 
VCII and VCII+ both use DES. VC/RS uses a plug-in card; right now the
RS cards are all still DES. An interesting note is that the VC family
uses digital sound and encrypts it. You can allegedly reconstruct the
vertical sync signal and get watchable pictures, but for sound you
either need to break DES or exploit a system vulnerability.
All of the above are presently VCII+ customers.
There were several such design and implementation vulnerabilities in
the VCII system, and they were quickly exploited by pirates. As a
counter, GI introduced the VCII+, which has fewer vulnerabilities and
has not yet (AFAIK) been "broken". (n.b. I know that the use of
"wizard codes", or master keys, still continues, but I don't really
count that as a break.)
Part of the reason behind the conversion is necessity. Programmers
were downlinking both VCII and VCII+ authorization datastreams for a
while. When VC/RS became available, some programmers switched over to
downlinking VCII+ and VC/RS. When the VCII+ datastreams go dark, VCII+
descramblers won't work.
GI has been very, very tightlipped about any of the compression or
encryption technology behind DigiCipher.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-04-20 05:48:13
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Side question on money laundering... 
Remember that Louisiana is one of the few states that allows casino
gambling, and that even there it's limited to gambling boats. There's
probably still a market for a net.casio, provided it offers the following
Tim May & others seem to think that money laundering is a small part
of casino business and I tend to agree. Anonymous digicash will
definitely make money laundering easier for small-scale users.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-04-28 07:33:07
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: AT&T, Clipper, & Saudi Arabia 
Dear AT&T:
If you'll roll over for us on Clipper, we will suitably incentivize you.
I suppose most of us would consider a $4B contract a "suitable
incentive." While there's probably no direct evidence of a quid pro
quo, it strikes me as a bit odd that the President is personally
intervening in a purely commercial deal.
OTOH this is the second time Clinton has intervened in a deal with the
Saudis. On the gripping hand, I don't recall anyone intervening to get
business for Boeing (Peace Shield, the Saudi C3I network), McDonnell
(F-15s), and so on.
Thanks a lot, AT&T.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-04-28 08:19:13
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: AT&T, Clipper, & Saudi Arabia 
I have great respect for you, Steve, but in this case I must humbly
disagree with you. The US government does have a very long record of
promoting US products for foreign sales, but it is certainly rare for
the President himself to get involved so publically.
Do you really think that selling 50,000 secure phones would be _that_
attractive to AT&T? It would certainly be attractive to the particular
business unit in charge of selling them, but not nearly as attractive
as the promise of help in the future.
Considering that the Saudis paid for a large fraction of the monetary
cost of Desert , and that they have made or attempted to make
substantial FMS and civilian purchases from the US, they very well may
feel that they have discharged their debt.
I think it's reasonable to visualize a conversation in which the
administration promised to "help AT&T in the future" in exchange for
AT&T's adoption of Clipper. It certainly may not have been as blatant
as my satirical letter, but that doesn't make it less plausible.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-04-28 09:14:58
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: AT&T, Clipper, & Saudi Arabia 
"Is too." "Is not."
In this case, "rare" is accurate when applied with respect to the long
history of US government involvement, not to this particular
president; as you point out, this is the second time that Clinton has
inserted himself into the loop. It wouldn't be too surprising to see
him do it again.
However, this sort of intervention *is* rare by past standards. Do you
recall any non-FMS contracts where Presidents Bush, Reagan, Carter, or Ford
went to bat so overtly for US products?

@_date: 1994-08-01 05:28:06
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
Blanc Weber said:
All right, then, I'm a key escrow Luddite. To me, key escrow is like a
host of other "new-fangled things": its disadvantages and dangers
outweigh its benefits.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-08-03 06:43:40
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: The Terrorists are coming! 
I suspect they must have had a PAL-like mechanism, although at least
some of their weapons rely on interlocks which can only be triggered
by a KGB-controlled activator.
I remember the USENET rumor as being that the _US_ was using RSA as a
component of the comm systems used to transmit Emergency War Orders
(EWOs) to US forces. No one has confirmed that, but it certainly seems
plausible. Come to think of it, the PALs on US weapons are primarily
electromechanical in nature. You get the EWO, you punch in the
supplied code into the PAL, and off you go. I'm not sure that RSA
would a whole lot of use as part of the PAL mechanism itself (except
for signature verification, which is certainly important.)
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-08-04 05:56:15
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: New book on public key law 
There's an announcement in the latest comp.risks digest about a new
book on public key law & policy. I've reproduced parts of the abstract
below. It sounds pretty interesting.
- -Paul
**NEW INFO. SECURITY BOOK ON PUBLIC KEY LAW & POLICY**
TITLE:   FEDERAL CERTIFICATION AUTHORITY LIABILITY AND POLICY --
 Law and Policy of Certificate-Based Public Key and Digital Signatures
AUTHOR:   MICHAEL S. BAUM, J.D., M.B.A.
Report No. NIST-GCR-94-654
450+ pages, highly annotated; multiple appendices; indexed.
   U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
   National Institute of Standards and Technology
Produced in support of the Federal Government's public key infrastructure
study, this book identifies diverse technical, legal and policy issues
affecting a certificate-based public key cryptographic infrastructure
utilizing digital signatures supported by "trusted entities." It examines
potential legal implications, surveys existing legal paradigms and the
structures and roles of relevant governmental agencies and presents various
institutional approaches to controlling liability. It considers the
underpinnings of a legal and policy framework which might serve as a
foundation for security policies and their implementation and concludes with
a series of recommendations, both general and specific concerning
certificate-based public key. Both public and private sector issues are
[ .. elided .. ]
SUMMARY OF CONTENTS: - -	PREFACE
- -	ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
- -	TABLE OF CONTENTS
I.	INTRODUCTION
II.	SCOPE
III.	DEFINITIONS
IV.	ASSUMPTIONS
V.	SURVEY OF FCA ACTIVITIES CREATING LIABILITY EXPOSURE
VI.	LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS
VII.	FCA INFRASTRUCTURE - PROPOSALS AND PARADIGMS
VIII.	SURVEY OF, AND APPROACHES TO, TRUSTED ENTITY LIABILITY
IX.	OTHER APPROACHES TO MITIGATE LIABILITY
X.	CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
XI.	APPENDICES
XII.	GLOSSARY
XIII.	INDEX
OBTAINING COPIES: Copies may be purchased through the National Technical
Information Service, Springfield, Virginia 22161, U.S.A., Phone +1 (703)
487-4650 or 1-800-553-6847.  Request NTIS Document No: PB94-191-202.  Cost:
[ .. ABOUT THE AUTHOR elided .. ]

@_date: 1994-08-09 08:50:56
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: GAK & RSA 
RSADSI has been adamantly opposed to Clipper. You'd expect them to be
opposed on business grounds; after all, Clipper wouldn't bring them
any revenue and could quite possibly put them out of business if other
forms of encryption were outlawed. I don't remember seeing many
specific comments indicating that RSA was opposed to GAK on
philosophical grounds (well, OK; some quotes on their "Sink Clipper"
poster, if those count).
Other groups were opposed to Clipper because Skipjack is of unknown
Putting the cypherpunkesque arguments about how GAK is a big step down
the path towards a surveillance state, is it possible that the
software GAK (SGAK) scheme could easily incorporate RSA's technology?
Imagine: Schlafly et al win their court case, and RSADSI's patents on
RSA and other public-key technology are declared invalid. SGAK can
thus use RSA without any problem. The "Skipjack, DSS, and SHA may be
weak" crowd can't object to RSA's strength, and of course RSADSI will be
in no position to object.
Another scenario: RSADSI wins and their patent remains valid. They
can't refuse licensing to any entity which meets their terms, so SGAK
can still be deployed, but RSADSI then gets a royalty.
_This_ is what's scaring me. If Microsoft, Apple, et al offer weak
encryption as part of SGAK, objections can be made to the weakness. If
they use RSA, that avenue is gone.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-08-24 11:37:19
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Using PGP on Insecure Machines 
At the risk of repeating what Tim's said in the past, shellscript
wrappers are useless to people who use Macs, Windows/WinNT, and so on.
At the risk of repeating what Tim, Perry, and several others have
said, using PGP- with or without shell scripts- on a machine which you
do not physically control is also risky.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-08-25 07:44:14
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Are RSA licenses fungible? 
I'm developing some software for use in psychiatric research;
basically, about 20 field sites will run the software, collect data,
and modem it back to a mothership central site.
The encryption & security needs are evident, and one of the main
reasons to meet these needs is that the doctors involved perceive that
they might be liable for leaks. Code based on Pr0duct Cypher's PGP
Tools would do exactly what I want done
The good doctors' general fear of liability means that I can't expose
them to the risk of unlicensed use of RSA's patents (even though I
think those patents are questionable, my job is to not get my clients
involved with that question.)
So.. if I buy 20 licenses of ViaCrypt PGP, then proceed to use PGP
2.6-based code in my applications, does that constitute a legitimate
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-08-25 11:29:25
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
1. The DU tank & 25mm ammo used by the US military is sabot ammo,
meaning that the "bullet" is of significantly smaller diameter than
the shell itself; an adaptor, or sabot (from the French for "shoe"),
mates the projectile & the shell and falls off after the projectile
leaves its barrel.
2. Chobham, not Chobam. Chobham armor refers to a specific type of
layered armor, the precise composition and fabrication of which is
classified. It's named for the British works which first built it.
Reactive armor, such as is presently used by the Israelis and some
xUSSR units, is different; it consists of many small charges which
explode outward when hit by an incoming round.
2. Of the aircraft listed above, none can carry the 30mm round used by
the A-10. There is a 25mm round for the Bradley AFV chain gun;
presumably it can also be fired from the Apache. I don't know of a
20mm DU round. (Of course, there's also a 120mm APDS round for the M-1
3. It is interesting to note that US Army tanks are now being equipped
with depleted uranium _armor_ precisely because its density makes a
great backstop. DU armor can pretty much shrug off most medium AT
weapons; it is quite heavy, but that's not a problem for vehicles
which already weigh as much as tanks.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-08-29 06:25:00
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Are RSA licenses fungible? 
Not long after my original post, I got a message from Dave Barnhart of
ViaCrypt. He asserted that it would be "illegal" for me to buy a
ViaCrypt license, then use PGP 2.6-based code in my own application,
and that it would violate both my RSAREF license and my MIT license on
any copies of PGP 2.6 that I was licensed to operate.
So, the short answer is I'm going to roll my own instead of using PGP
or a PGP-based tool. D-H for the initial key exchange, plus 3DES for
the actual encryption, and poof! away I go. And yes, I know D-H is
claimed by RSA's PK patents.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-08-29 14:26:33
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Announcing Bellcore's Trusted Software Integrity (Betsi) System 
Distributing the key fingerprint allows J. Random Human to correlate a
key supplied via one method with that supplied via another. For
example, now that I have the fingerprint for the Betsi key, I can
verify whether any other alleged Betsi key I see is real or not.
It's a lot easier to read off & cross-check 32-character fingerprints
than the entire key block, especially as signatures are added and the
key block grows in size.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-12-01 12:44:42
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Tim said:
No, not the Big Kahuna-- the Big Mac.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-12-01 13:01:20
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
I'm going to tie together two threads on ecash: one here (Hal and
Rishab have both mentioned the ecash system test recently) and one
from www-buyinfo about scalability. If you dislike ecash, hit 'n' now
I'm running one of the prototype shops
( so let me chime in with my e$0.02
of comments. (no, that doesn't mean I'll pay you e$0.02 to read them!)
Hal said:
I was in the same boat-- I sent in several requests, all of which were
ignored. After Digicash issued a call for prototype shops, I signed
up. WHAM. I immediately started getting mail asking when I'd have my
shop ready-- sometimes two or three messages a day.
Once I got everything up and running, I didn't hear further from them.
Since then, an accident on my WWW server has rendered the e-shop
inoperable. I've asked Digicash, in the form of Paul Diniessen, for
help reconstructing the bank records. No go.
The more I deal with Digicash, the better First Virtual looks. My
technical preference is for using Brands or Chaum cash; at present,
though, there aren't any shipping Brands servers, and the Digicash
folks don't seem to be able to get all their socks in one bag.
Digicash's system doesn't scale entirely cleanly, but it's Good Enough
if there's one central bank which all other banks can use, just as the
credit card companies have a central clearinghouse which allows my
credit union Visa to be used with merchants whose accounts are at
Citibank. The problems with Digicash thus far have been political and
business problems, not technical ones. As others have pointed out,
network bandwidth and processing CPU are cheap enough to allow
multiple banks to communicate cleanly. Real banks already understand
how to do this.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-12-01 14:02:42
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
I've asked them to say something. The best I could get out of Paul
Dineissen is that they're talking with banks. Well, duh. The _present_
reality is that I can sell things ** and get paid ** if I use First
Virtual, but not if I use ecash.
Why clear big aggregate sums? Why not just clear smaller ones? Hell,
why not use a forwarding engine that just says "this cash came from
bank X" and sends it along?
I'm sure that the design of a robust, usable system is nontrivial, and
I don't mean to imply that it is. I just don't believe that a tool the
size of Fedwire and the existing bank architectures are, or will be, required.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-12-02 08:25:24
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Paul, I appreciate your reply, especially the information that I can use to
reconstruct my account. I never received the mail that Branko
originally sent. Evidently no one received my repeated requests sent
after the first one.
I was unclear in my original statement. You, Marcel, and others did
respond to my comments and questions-- specifically to my concerns
about when ecash systems would be available for real use. My upset
came from the fact that once my shop stopped working, I didn't get a
First of all, Hal Finney wrote the paragraph which mentions lack of
consideration. My own feelings toward Digicash-- which you confirm--
are that you have more work to do than you can presently handle. I
understand that; it's not uncommon, and I don't hold it against you.
It _does_ hamper my ability to set up services for which I can be paid.
This is a good point. I do understand that this is a beta test, and
that problems will occur. I also want to confirm for other readers
that you did respond to my mail; in the most important case I didn't
get the response.
Thanks for your detailed response.
- -Paul Robichaux

@_date: 1994-12-02 08:43:56
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Doug, you must be talking to my dad; he's Mr. Robichaux. Having
inadvertently offended the Digicash people in my previous message, let
me see if I can give equal time to what's wrong with FV in this
Maybe it's just me. As a beta-shop owner, I expect to have Digicash
work with me when I have problems, concerns, or questions. Marcel,
Paul, and others at Digicash were very helpful during the incubation
period. My chief concern at this point is that there's no way for me
to get paid, and no publicly available date for same.
I didn't suggest that Stefan Brands, or anyone else, was being denied
access to the trial. I have no evidence to suggest any explanation for
his complaint, Hal Finney's, or mine-- other than that the Digicash
folks are very, very busy.
I think their attitude is that crypto's not _necessary_. I disagree;
Nathaniel Borenstein has already been taken to task on www-buyinfo for
that view. Their API supports TCP/IP transactions, so the mail
exchange is between the FV server and the buyer.
The very fact that FV has a set of terms and conditions that mention
exposure time, responsibility for fraud, and so on tells me that their
system is more fully fielded. I know, I know; ecash is in beta. That's
fine. I still want to be able to sell things _now_.
All of the above is true. You can't use FV for hard goods, the minimum
transaction cost rules out microtransactions, and the payment hang
time is too long. On the other hand, I can't use ecash for hard goods. I have no idea
what the transaction costs will be, and there's no way for sellers to
get paid _at all_.
You're right here, too. I happen to agree with the portion about
allowing try-before-you-buy access; in some cases that is a very
valuable way to gain market and mindshare. Remember the "Macintosh
Test Drive" in 1985?
Not. Read their web pages. There's a TCP/IP API, which I'm using. The
only mail exchange is from the FV server to the customer and back
again. As Hal pointed out, there are valid reasons to support systems
other than the Digicash e-wallet. After all, there will be offline
ecash, right?
First Virtual's chief advantage is that I can get paid. No fooling
with clearing, scalability, or anything else-- people can buy my
- -Paul Robichaux

@_date: 1994-12-04 09:09:42
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: ecash trial issues explained 
I am at least partially responsible for this, and I apologize. It is not fair
to imply either that Digicash intentionally excluded Brands or that Brands
claimed that they had.
It looks like everyone's concerns and complaints have been addressed. Thanks
to the folks from Digicash for their work.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-12-29 09:08:20
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: DigiCash unlicensed for US use 
Not. What one page on their server
( used to say was that
there are two versions of the MS Windows client. One uses the PGP 2.3
MPI library, and that version is not licensed for US use; the other
uses the RSAREF library, and, while slower, it's legal for US users.
There's now only one choice for the MS Windows version-- I suspect
that means that v2.02 and later use only the RSAREF library.
Actually, there's not a separate ecash "server" per se. If you want to
accept ecash payments (plug: check out my store at
 you just write a CGI script that
calls the ecash client. Nothing much to it.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-12-29 09:10:36
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Pentium FDIV 
I don't know how you missed it; it was certainly here. Let me summarize:
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-02-02 13:51:01
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Notes on key escrow meeting with NSA 
Thank you very much for a) taking the time to meet with these people
and b) posting a lucid and timely summary to the list.
-Paul Robichaux

@_date: 1994-02-08 07:10:51
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: STEG: a real-life use for steganography 
Apple's CD-300/300i drives can read audio bits directly and turn them
into a QuickTime sound channel, as can SGI's SCSI CD. Apple uses a
Sony mechanism, and SGI uses a Toshiba. The SGI drives use modified
firmware and (AFAIK) are not available elsewhere, but you can get the
Apple drives at Circuit City, Sears, etc.
With the right sequence of SCSI commands you could easily capture an
"audio" bitstream, then munge it as desired to extract the stegged
data, play it backwards, or whatever. IIR, code to directly read
arbitrary audio data on an Apple CD-ROM was recently posted in
comp.sys.mac.programmer, but I didn't save it.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-02-15 08:23:36
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Clipper and Traffic Analysis 
Mike Godwin asks whether one of Clipper's attractive points (well, not
to us, anyway) is the increased ability of LE to do traffic analysis.
Of course! Let's say that you call someone who's under Clipper
surveillance. Of course, you use your Clipperphone(*). The feds can
now go to a judge and say "Well, we know the holder of this key ID
called the suspect we have under surveillance... we want to surveil
_his_ line too." Guilt by association.
The agents should ideally have lawful authorization to be monitoring
the line, but think how easy it would be to do full-time, real-time
traffic analysis based on LEAF information.
- -Paul
(*) Not meant to imply that Mike would be likely to use a Clipperphone.

@_date: 1994-02-24 09:54:46
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: [CODE] Pay-per-use WWW & Mosaic? 
I want to make a crossbreed between NCSA's httpd 1.1- which already
supports passing PGP signed/encrypted messages between client and
server- and Magic Money.
The result: a pay-to-view information service. It is uncertain about
when I'll get around to it, since my free time is already being spent
working on the Mac version of Nautilus. If anyone's interested, or if
any of our protocolmeisters (yes, that's you, Eric & Hal!) have ideas,
bring 'em on.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-02-25 06:09:30
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: [comp.dcom.telecom]: AT&T finally adds RSA 
Note that AT&T is selling this puppy for $360 _per copy._ I bet some
motivated developer could get the appropriate patent licenses and
undercut them significantly.
FOR MEDIA INQUIRIES:
David Arneke, AT&T Secure Communications Systems
910 279-7680 (office)
910 273-5687 (home)
!darneke (ATTMAIL) or david.arneke at att.com (Internet)
AT&T ADDS RSA SECURITY TECHNOLOGY TO SECRETAGENT (TM) SOFTWARE
        GREENSBORO, North Carolina -- AT&T has added RSA security
technology to its SecretAgent software in an upgrade that makes the
program more versatile, easier to use and faster.
        Other major new capabilities in AT&T SecretAgent Version 3.0
        -- User-transparent support of RSA and DSA public keys.  Users
can generate RSA keys or DSA keys and communicate signed and encrypted
messages with other SecretAgent 3.0 users regardless of their choice
of public key algorithms.
        -- Cross-platform compatibility among MS-DOS, Windows,
Macintosh and various UNIX operating systems.  Information secured on
one operating system can be processed transparently on any of the
        -- Mail-enabled operation through the widely supported
Vendor-Independent Messaging (VIM) interface.
        -- Significantly faster implementation of DES encryption and
DSA signing and validation.
        Version 3.0 adds the RSA cryptosystem for digital signatures
and key management to SecretAgent's capabilities, which already
included DES encryption, the NIST Digital Sig- nature Algorithm (DSA)
and the federal Secure Hash Standard (SHS) for data integrity.
        For encryption and DSA signatures, a variant of the
Diffie-Hellman protocol is used for key exchange.
        "AT&T SecretAgent 3.0 Software gives users a more powerful
array of capabilities in an extremely fast and efficient way," said
William A. Franklin, software security products manager, AT&T Secure
Communications Systems.
        With its unique combination of standards, SecretAgent 3.0
software provides solutions to the security requirements of a wide
variety of business and government users.
        "Some customers require only one set of capabilities --
government users, for example, are required to use federal standards
only," Franklin said.
        "Some businesses prefer RSA technology, but others need RSA
for electronic data interchange with other commercial businesses and
government standards for dealing with the government."
        Users can select either RSA, SHS and DES or DSA, SHS, DES and
Diffie-Hellman for signing and encrypting.  On reception, the program
detects which security algorithms have been used so the recipient of a
message doesn't have to be concerned about which technology the sender
        Mail-enabled operation also makes security user-friendly.
Messages can be created, signed, encrypted and mailed all without
leaving SecretAgent 3.0 software.  Documents also can be signed,
encrypted and transmitted as mail attachments.
        DES encryption is 50 percent faster than in the original
version of AT&T SecretAgent Software.
        Digital signature speed is also improved.  DSA signing
and validation are performed in approximately 150 milliseconds each on a 486/33M Hz personal computer.
        AT&T SecretAgent Software was developed for AT&T by
Information Security Corporation of Deerfield, Illinois.
        The program operates independently of word processing
programs, enabling it to safeguard such diverse data as text files,
spreadsheets and databases.
        SecretAgent 3.0 software encrypts and decrypts files for
transmissions or storage, even files stored on a shared network hard
        Single-copy suggested retail price is $329.95 for the DOS and
Windows versions, $359.95 for the Mac version and $399.95 for the UNIX
version.  Volume discounts and site/enterprise licensing are
        Recommended PC configuration includes 640 KB RAM (256 KB
required) and hard disk.
        The Windows version of SecretAgent 3.0 software will be
available March 15.  The DOS version will follow on April 1, the
SPARCstation UNIX version on April 15 and the Mac version on May 1.
        A software upgrade to allow the program to accept the federal
government's TESSERA PCMCIA card and DATAKEY Sig- naSURE smart card
will be available April 1.  A triple-DES software capability also will
be available April 1.
        To order or to get more information, customers can call the
AT&T Secure Communications Customer Service Center, 1 800 203-5563.
                          Product names are trademarks of their respective companies.

@_date: 1994-01-03 06:28:58
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Hoax or ??? 
Be aware that Colin James is pushing his own, newly-patented
encryption system as an alternative to RSA. It appears to be a simple
XOR stream but I don't have full details.
However, based on the tenor of his other postings to comp.lang.ada, I
think it's probably safe to take him lightly.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-01-06 06:20:07
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: AT&T licenses crypto modules 
Below is a press release posted by David Arneke of AT&T to the Telecom
Digest. It looks like the licensing chain goes RSA -> ISC -> AT&T ->
you, but it's encouraging that these libraries are available: they
offer good potential for continuing and even accelerating the spread
of strong crypto out beyond the bounds of the online world.
AT&T LICENSES LINKABLE CODE FOR SECURE SOFTWARE
     GREENSBORO, North Carolina -- AT&T is giving software developers
access to linkable code modules for encryption, public key exchange
and other communications security functions.
     AT&T announced today that a comprehensive library of linkable
code modules, including RSA security technology and the NIST Digital
Signature Algorithm, is available for licensing.  Linkable code is
available in the form of linkable object module libraries and Windows
Dynamic Link Libraries (DLLs), which are under license from
Information Security Corporation of Deerfield, Illinois.
[ .. deletia .. ]
     "Electronic commerce has an inherent requirement for privacy,
data integrity, authentication and non-repudiation," said Larry
Salter, director of secure systems and services for AT&T Secure
Communications Systems.
     "These capabilities are ideal for PCMCIA and smart-card
applications as well as conventional software for PCs and workstations."
     The package includes code for DES encryption, the ElGamal public
key cryptosystem, the Digital Signature Algorithm, the Secure Hash
Standard and most RSA security functions, including RSA encryption,
key management and digital signatures; MD5 hashing functions; and the
Diffie-Hellman key exchange protocol.  A proprietary encryption
algorithm for exportable applications is available as well.
     More than a dozen military and civilian federal agencies and a
growing number of corporations have already licensed the code for new
software applications, Salter said.
     "This is a full range of information security functions, relying
on the most widely accepted government and commercial standards,"
Salter said.
     Prices for code packages containing DSA technology are $750 for
the DOS/Windows version, $1,000 for the Macintosh version and $1250
for the UNIX version.  For code packages containing RSA technology are
$300 for the DOS/Windows version, $400 for the Macintosh version and
$500 for the UNIX version.
     The license allows developers to load the code into two workstations
for software development.  Royalty payments are required for distribution
of applications to end users.
[ .. descriptions of AT&T's shrinkwrapped products deleted .. ]
     Software developers can get more information on licensing the
AT&T linkable code module library by calling the AT&T Secure
Communications Customer Service Center, 1 800 203-5563.

@_date: 1994-01-19 05:56:28
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Inman, Exports, and Conspiracies 
Oh, come on and admit it, Tim. The *real* reason Inman had to withdraw
is because Operation SQUISH revealed that *HE* was Medusa.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-07-01 05:33:47
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: (FWD) WHAT MOTIVATES FORWARDERS? 
Tim actually did just that when he posted his pointer.
IMHO a more serious and prevalent problem is the onslaught of spam
whenever EFF, CPSR, EPIC, NSA, or EIEIO issue press releases even
tangentially related to crypto. Not only do I usually get a copy in my
main inbox (since my filter doesn't catch it because it's not via
toad.com), there are always some helpful folks who forward it verbatim
without checking the list first. There are even a few hardcore
crossposters who will post the same article _multiple_ times when they
don't see the first one appear instantly.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-07-05 10:26:20
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: SecureDrive for OS/2? 
In the same vein, is there a version that works, or can be made to work,
with Windows NT?

@_date: 1994-07-05 10:29:25
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: 'Black' budget purchases 
Michael Wilson writes about the NSA's wafer fab facility, which I
think Tim has addressed in some detail. He then goes on to say:
I don't agree. If you know that NRO, for example, is using
Intergraph's Interact photogrammetry workstations (disclaimer: I don't
know if they are or not) that will indeed tell you give you a floor
value for the capability of their analyses, but only because the
Interact is an off-the-shelf unit. Add in custom software- as the NSA
is certain to have done- and your floor value is only that. In the
case of photointerp, I suggest that knowing how many pixels a NeXT box
can display is not particularly useful in building an attack strategy.
In general, I don't think that knowledge of hardware capabilities is
too valuable. We had a similar discussion w.r.t. key lengths recently;
I think the consensus was that knowing how many large supercomputers
NSA had didn't mean that you could accurately estimate their factoring
abilities, since it is likely that any advances they've made would be
concealed. Again, you end up with the floor value.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-07-12 07:33:16
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Supposed NSA turncoat reveals monitoring of anon remailers? >pshah!< 
I took the time to contact the "office symbol" listed in the NSA
announcement. The NSAoid's name was Dennis Sysko. He was a little
nonplussed that Bruce had posted the announcement.
I was required to write a letter to them, on Intergraph letterhead,
requesting further information; after receiving it, Sysko promised to
send me an NDA that I could sign and return to get further
Someone else posted in t.p.c that they'd sent in a letter and been
told that NSA would not license this technology to individuals. That
sort of echoes the argument that there are some munitions appropriate
for government but not for individuals.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-07-28 12:21:03
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Government-Controlled Trust Hierarchies 
Well, no, not actually; at least that's not the explanation that the
various trade rags have been giving.
DMS is an infrastructure for passing messages around. The actual
Tessera hardware does the escrowed encryption and so on. All the
software has to do is know how to talk to the Tessera PCMCIA card.
One of the key features of DMS is that it uses as much
commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) software as possible. To support Tessera, that COTS must either a) be purpose-built (like
LJL/SESI's ArmorMail) to use Tessera, or b) have new versions planned
for the future (Lotus Notes? MS Mail?)
It's interesting to note that the APIs needed to talk to a Tessera
card and National Semi's RSA-only card are very close to one another.
It would be IMHO not too hard to patch, say, MS Mail (especially with
the availability of MAPI!) to use alternate types of tokens.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-07-28 12:22:40
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: DES Vulnerable, Why? 
I think Tim's thinking of the Commercial Comsec Endorsement Program (CCEP),
an effort to get NSA-approved crypto hardware out into the commercial
world. For some reason it never really caught on :)
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-07-29 06:00:44
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies (fwd) 
Tim May disses "that one guy" thusly:
No doubt. But what does the OS provider gain from including encryption
in the OS? At present, customers aren't demanding it. Why add SKE at
all when no one's asking for it?
Apple is able to export System 7 Pro right now because it uses 40-bit
RC2/RC4 for some limited client-server stream encryption. It won't do
file or disk encryption.
Remember that all these vendors want to sell OSes *and* to control the
future of that particular technology. I'd bet that MS At Work is where
Microsoft is most interested.
FWIW I agree with Tim: it's time to start asking the OS vendors some
hard questions. I'll volunteer to talk to Apple. Tim & Blanc Weber
seem to have good wires into Microsoft.
Bill Stewart's suggestion about shareholder resolutions is a good one,
too, for those who are shareholders of the various companies.
Finally, never forget the power of "divide & conquer"; if MS does
something unpalatable, that gives Novell, Apple, et al a reason _not_
to do that same thing.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-07-29 13:34:52
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
No, but (Cliche Alert) the road to key escrow is paved with good
intentions. IMHO the developers who might actually be working on
implementations of this scheme either
Clearly education is a powerful antidote to cases a) and b)
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-07-29 13:53:57
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
The same way companies have been made to commit not to kill dolphins,
or test products on animals, or give to Planned Parenthood: organized
public pressure, combined with threatened or actual negative
Boycotts, letter-writing campaigns, and the like have worked wonders
for organizations ranging from the religious right to the ultraliberal
left. I see no reason to doubt that they could be brought to bear
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-06-06 08:02:44
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
Perry said:
MYK-78 (or Clipper, not to be confused with the C400 Clipper in my
desktop machine) provides Skipjack encryption. Note that it does not
include any type of key exchange; the equipment designer is in charge
of that.
Capstone provides Skipjack encryption, plus DSS and SHA-based
signatures and D-H key exchange. The encryption is of course
interoperable with MYK-78 units, but I would guess that a
Capstone-based unit would need key-exchange code for each individual
class of MYK-78 device.
Tessera is Capstone packaged on a PCMCIA card for use with PCs and
computers. NSA and DoD intend Tessera cards to be issued to
individuals as authentication and encryption tokens.  _Network World_
reported in February that the initial Tessera beta testing would
include ~300 general officers from the US armed forces.  Plus Matt
Blaze :)
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-06-13 06:10:52
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Friends in high places 
On Friday, I got a message from Intergraph's chief counsel. "Great," I
thought. "I'm about to get my peepee whacked for making PGP available
over our internal software delivery network."
Nope. He wanted to discuss the finer points of its use. He'd read the
documentation and the _WSJ_ article about Zimmermann. He believes
e-mail isn't secure enough for his purposes but that PGP will make it
usable for him.
Where'd he get the software? From one of the 4 executive
vice-presidents here. Where'd he get it? No word yet, but I think I
know :)
It speaks well of our efforts that executives at a Fortune 400 firm
are not only aware of PGP but that they approve its use. Keep up the
evangelism. Keep talking to people. Keep answering questions. Keep
writing code.
If we build it, they will come.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-06-20 07:00:44
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Another Cellular Victim 
That's a feature, not a bug.
When your phone hears an ident message broadcast from a cell whose
system ID doesn't match the home system ID, it will emit a "here I am"
message. The foreign cell can be programmed to send a "welcome,
roamer" message, to log the entry into a file, or whatever.
Within individual systems, there's no built-in capability to follow a
phone. For example, the local BellSouth cellular operator can tell
that _right now_ my phone is in the Harvest cell, and it can later
tell that I've moved to the Decatur cell, but it won't automatically
do so unless asked.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-05-11 12:40:54
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: PGP 2.5 for Intergraph Clipper available 
Below is an announcement I posted to ingr.general. For those of you
who are outside the firewall, drop me an e-mail and I'll forward the
archive to you.
And, as always, "Clipper" is a registered trademark of Intergraph
- -Paul
Newsgroups: ingr.general
Thanks to MIT & RSA Data Security, Version 2.5 of Pretty Good
Privacy (PGP) is now fully legal in the United States.
Since it's now legal in the US, there's no excuse for you to have
insecure e-mail from now on out. Here's how you can get it:

@_date: 1994-05-31 08:18:09
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: "lifeguard(?)": bullet tracking system??? 
The original report on CNN said that LLNL claimed their system didn't use
sound for tracking. They wouldn't discuss further details, since the system
hasn't been patented yet.
Sci.military readers might remember that a debate about these types of
acoustic locating systems took place there a couple of months ago.
Apparently the UK has a vehicle-mounted system that they use to sniff
out snipers in Northern Ireland.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-10-03 06:24:47
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Export controls apply to physical objects, too 
Yesterday's _Huntsville Times_ had an interesting story about a local
company's problems with the ITARs. The company, Signature
Technologies, makes an EM-absorbent paint called Signaflux, the main
application for which is decreasing the radar cross-section of various
flying objects.
Although so far the primary customers for Signaflux have been from the
US DoD, there have been sales to "friendly" foreign governments,
notably the Israelis. ST has been trying to diversify; in that vein,
they've been selling Signaflux for industrial and commercial
applications, like EM shielding in test cells and reducing airport
buildings' radar signatures.
The dispute in this case comes from a contract to sell Deutsche
Aerospace SA about $500,000 worth of Signaflux for the Cyclops cruise
missile. ST applied to Commerce for an export license under the
dual-use provision. After a CJ determination, State yanked their
export license.
The story didn't say who requested the CJ determination. I can't
imagine that ST would have asked for one, since they had a license
already. In closing, the CEO was quoted as saying (paraphrased) "These rules
are stupid; I could sell the Germans a fleet of F-16s with dashboards
full of avionics, but I can't sell them paint."
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-09-09 07:17:13
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Privacy 101 digest on WWW 
With permission, I am automatically digestifying and archiving the
"Privacy 101" seminar & teach-in that Duncan Frissell and Sandy
Sandfort are offering and making the digest available via WWW.
To reach the WWW digest, point your browser at
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-09-19 08:38:49
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: FOUR TIMES AROUND THE WHEEL 
Sandy said:
I suggest we all kick in $10 or so and hire Alison Armitage to jump out
of a cake or something. Seems like the least we could do.
- -Paul

@_date: 1994-09-30 11:06:21
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: [job] Mac internals Programmer 
Peak Technical Services, Inc.
Peak provides a full spectrum of computer, business and engineering related
technical services professionals to companies ranging from the Fortune
500 to small local clients.
Peak offers professional positions that provide a combination of
excelent career opportunity and highly competitive compensation and
benefit packages.
My client has an immediate opening for software developers to build Device Drivers for Macintosh System 7. Experience with Cryptography, Security and System Internals are a big plus. This is a contract position
located in central Florida with a proposed duration of 3 months plus.
Paul Stuker
PEAKTECH at delphi.com
Peak Technical Services, Inc.
or 412-825-3900
Fax 412-825-3339

@_date: 1995-08-11 12:10:57
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: PRZ encrypted voice software release imminent 
I worked on the Mac version of Nautilus for a very short while.
Nautilus was to provide a core of interoperable code for doing
voice-as-modem-stream on SunOS, DOS/Win, and Mac platforms. The
developer agreement that all developers had to execute specifically
said "I promise not to add any crypto."
That might sound odd-- but the crypto was to be added later, under the
direct or indirect supervision of PRZ. I ran out of time before the
code reached that point.
I don't know what percentage, if any, of the Nautilus code is
incorporated in PGPfone. Based on Will Price's CryptDisk work, I look
forward to learning from the PGPfone source code.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-08-14 13:19:58
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: An article for Wired magazine 
True. On the other hand, many of these other companies are actually doing
commerce Right This Minute. As a vendor, my primary interest is availability.
Digicash stands to lose out in the marketplace. Why? Because you can't
actually buy and sell real goods for real cash right now. One day,
sure, but not now. By the time they deploy their system, consumers who
aren't as concerned, or knowledgeable, as cypherpunks will have made
some other system the market leader.
Chilling thought. I hope DC can get a backing bank sometime soon.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-08-29 10:25:57
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: [NOISE] Austin cpunks? 
If you live in the metro Austin area, please drop me a line. To the
rest of you, sorry for the noise.

@_date: 1995-02-02 08:18:34
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Video encryption & QTC 
[ for cypherpunks: Apple's now beta testing a video conferencing
product called QuickTime Conferencing, or QTC. The Mac crypto
interface list (mcip at feeley.cc.utexas.edu) started a discussion on
video encryption, hence this crosspost. Feel free to chime in. ]
Here are a couple of additional things to consider.
This is a pretty classic application for stream ciphers. Since QTC is
transport-independent (and I'd bet it's using OpenTransport calls,
too), I'm assuming that QTC is using streams for video data, and that
any packetization happens at the transport layer. Just before you call
UDPSend(), ATPSend(), or whatever, just whack that outgoing block
through the crypto function and off you go.
As mentioned, RC4 might be a good choice. It's fast, plus Apple's
already licensed it. It probably provides adequate tactical security,
but as Adam pointed out, it has not been well analyzed in the open
literature. However, there are many other stream ciphers out there:
Diamond, Blowfish, RC5, etc. My gut feel is that RC4 is probably
adequately secure with a 128-bit key; then Apple can dumb down to 40
bits for export approval. After all, they're not likely to build a
product which they can't export.
What about using a PCMCIA card like the National Semi Persona 100? It
includes RSA signatures & verification, Diffie-Hellman key exchange (I
think) and single DES; future versions will include 3DES and IDEA.
Hardware encryption is fast, fast, fast. Don't forget AT&T's recent
announcement of a similar product which does 3DES.
One MCIP reader proposed just using PGP: RSA the session key and send
it along. IMHO Diffie-Hellman is a better way to do this. Rather than
using the PGP metaphor, where RSAing the session key allows you to
send the session key as part of the message, DH allows you to
establish the session key over an insecure channel, then start sending
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-01-03 12:04:13
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: SAN FRANCISCO EDITORIAL 
Despite the odiousness of the source, might it be a Good Thing to get
a law giving ISPs common-carrier status passed? When you're a common carrier, no one hassles you about the content you
pass-- this would make it much easier for anon remailers to flourish.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-01-09 07:45:17
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Data Haven problems 
To solve problem  use digital postage of some form. Digicash, FV,
Tacky Tokens, Mountain Dew futures... just require a per-storage-unit
charge _to initially check in the file_. You can of course charge for
storage over time, too.
To solve problem  send an MD5 hash of the file back to the sender.
Ideally, you would also provide (in perl, C source, csh, or whatever)
a submission script which outputs an MD5 hash before the file is sent.
As long as the before-sending hash matches the hash returned by the
haven, you can assume that the file is intact.
Not very. Use a dbm database to map "rent due" dates by file, then
periodically sweep through the database.
Perl has the nice property of being fairly portable, too.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-01-11 10:59:24
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Storm Signals 
Not relevant to cypherpunks-- just call me Carol Anne--
If I were the DOD, I would set the standard GPS default to selective
availability. After all, with SA on military receivers can still get
fine positioning data. If someone could come up with a good reason to
turn SA off, great, but I wouldn't leave it on otherwise.
The scenarios concerning GPS-piloted Cessnas full of nasty stuff come
to mind, especially vis-a-vis the North Koreans. They probably don't
have accurate IRBMs but they certainly could cobble together a
Learjet-based delivery system.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-01-12 07:49:28
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Multiple symetric cyphers 
If you do give the user control, what is an acceptable mechanical
implementation? Let's say I have a file encryptor which allows the
user to choose between DES, 3DES, IDEA, Diamond, and RC5. Must I
require the user to tell that program what cypher was used to encrypt
the file she wishes to decrypt?
Is storing the cypher type as part of the encrypted file a weakness?

@_date: 1995-01-20 07:22:13
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: EE Times on PRZ 
Hal wrote about the PRZ case:
I've been slogging through a book on Dr. Gerald Bull, the semi-notorious
gun designer who was assassinated by parties unknown in the midst of
helping the Iraqis build several superguns.
In the late '70s, Bull was prosecuted and spent 4 months at the
Allentown pen for ITAR violations.  His company exported "technical
data," shell blanks, and various equipment useful for designing &
building howitzers to South Africa. The prosecuting US Attorney took
more than two years from original indictment to the actual trial. It
seems that the same mechanism is at work here.
Incidentally, Bull had at least made some effort to check with the
Office of Munitions Control about the legality of his exports; a
letter he received from them seemed to say that his planned exports
were legal.  The judge citec OMC's screwup as a factor affecting the
length of sentence.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-07-12 10:54:36
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: EMI (was: Re: Don't trust the net too much) 
Ed Carp said:
Oh, yes-- we do. The Army lost a small number (two or three) of of
UH-60 Black Hawks in crashes where the flight control system suddenly
commanded extreme pitch or attitude changes. Why? In all the crash
cases, EMI from nearby TV or FM transmitters was found to be the
proximate cause. The Army, and Sikorsky, immediately went to work to
better shield the FCS from EMI.
It's interesting to note that the Navy's SH-60, a UH-60 variant, was
designed from the start to be EMI-immune. Ships' radars operate in the
10-100kW range, and that's a lot of EMI when you're landing 15-20m
away from the radar mast.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-07-14 08:36:26
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: So, where's the key? 
The Cypherpunks Key-Cracking project is complete, but AFAIK no one's
reported the successful key. Either people haven't completed all the
key chunks they've signed out for, or something's wrong with our
A third alternative is that the lucky lottery winner just missed the
results, and a fourth is that I just missed it.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-07-26 07:53:18
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Netscape the Big Win 
Hal said:
This should be fairly straightforward: take the existing winsock.dll
or winsock32.dll and rename it. Install the NEC DLL with the old
winsock's name, then have the NEC DLL do a LoadLibrary() to attach the
original version.
Asynchronous requests are the best way to implement I/O under Windows
(3.1, '95, and NT.) Any app that's threaded (Free Agent and Netscape
come to mind) will benefit, as will any user who's using a
multiprocessor machine.
If you're willing to assume the existence of Win95 or WinNT, you can
always spawn a new thread for each connection.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-09-20 05:50:38
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: netscape's response 
First of all, let me commend you for your honesty and forthrightness
in owning up to the problem. I applaud it both as a cypherpunk and as
one of the guys at Intergraph who pushed really hard to get an OEM
agreement with NCC.
The Mac tick unit is 1/60th of a second, and TickCount() returns the
number of ticks since the system was booted. I think you could safely
narrow the range down to between 0 and (3600 * 24 * 60 =) 5,184,000,
or about 24 bits. That's better than on the Unix boxes, but not
I wouldn't consider the network to be suitably random. How many of
your users are using Netscape over high-latency, low-speed 14.4
PPP/SLIP links? A lot, I'd bet. Not much good-quality randomness
Unrealistic to expect, yes. Unreasonable to ask? Maybe not.
That's probably not the most likely thing-- but why not allow people
with some security & crypto background _from this list_ see the code,
under NDA, for review? Jim Gillogly, Hal Finney, and several others
have show a past talent for that sort of thing.
Frankly, a signed message from, say, Hal saying "I've looked over the
code and it looks pretty good" would carry a lot of water with me. In
turn, I could communicate my warm fuzzy feeling to the dozen or so
people that asked me about the security flaw yesterday, including our
network ops guy.
- -Paul

@_date: 1995-09-20 06:55:15
@_author: Paul Robichaux 
@_subject: Cylink 
Then Perry Metzger replied:
What I'm waiting to see is who sues RSADSI for recovery of royalties
paid to Cylink. Imagine how Apple, Lotus, and all of the other
bigcorps using RSA must feel right about now: they licensed a patent
from the wrong people, and it appears that RSADSI may have known that
their rights had expired.
What about Roger Schlafly's suit? Anything new on it?
- -Paul
