
@_date: 1993-04-16 14:56:30
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: The New Mykotronix phones... 
Okay, let's suppose that the NSA/NIST/Mykotronix Registered
Key system becomes standard and I'm able to buy such a system
from my local radio shack. Every phone comes with a built in
chip and the government has the key to every phone call. I go and buy a phone and dutifully register the key. What's to prevent me from swapping phones with a friend or buying a used phone at a garage sale? Whooa. The secret registered
keys just became unsynchronized. When the government comes to listen in, they only receive gobbledly-gook because the secret key registered under my name isn't the right one. That leads me to conjecture that:
1) The system isn't that secure. There are just two master keys
that work for all the phones in the country. The part about
registering your keys is just bogus. or 2) The system is vulnerable to simple phone swapping attacks
like this. Criminals will quickly figure this out and go to
In either case, I think we need to look at this a bit deeper.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-04-20 05:21:01
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Objections... 
I think one very serious objection to the SkipJack system is
that the secrecy prevents us from coming up with Software implementations
of the system. Naturally, they don't want that to happen because
people start finding easy ways to screw up the encrypted block of key information needed by the government. But regardless of that,
software implementations of DES have been extremely useful for
everyone. There is probably 10 times as much encryption done using
software DES than hardware. Maybe 1000 times as much. The fact is that software protection is much easier for the public
to use. They don't need to buy an extra chip for their computer. They just run some software. It's cheaper. More populist. I think this is the most practical and non-inflamatory argument
for public access to the algorithm.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-04-24 12:19:05
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: saltzer and schroeder on information protection 
Although the "details" are classified at this time, I believe
that the secrecy is just part of the plan to prevent software
implementations that could easily spoof anyone who was
trying to listen in by munging the law enforcement block. I'm sure the algorithm would continue to be secure even after
the details are discovered. The secrecy is to control use
not to prevent decryption.
This is, I believe, the greatest achilles heel of this proposal.
There are at least 40 million PC's in this country. They would
like this chip to become the "standard" for all encryption. That
would mean putting in every machine. The cost of this could
range from $25 to $100 per machine. That means this whole plan
could cost $1 billion to $4 billion dollars in real money. A new software encryption standard, however, could be promulgated
with about one summer's work by an undergraduate handy with C.
I believe that people aren't going to be willing to add the additional
hardware to their PC boxes. Look how slowly better video standards
have evolved in the PC domain. Look how slowly CD-ROMs are becoming
standard. Everyone agrees that this technology would be nice, but
no one is willing to raise the level of their standard boxes to include this hardware. Raising the price of their standard box
puts them at a competitive disadvantage. So the lowest common
denominator continues. DES chips have been around for _years_ and no one builds them
into their boxes. Why is this chip going to be any different?

@_date: 1993-02-19 08:35:03
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: For other news on SDECE and foreign intell ops... 
Check out a new book by Peter Schweitzer entitled _Friendly Spies_.
(Atlantic Monthly Press). It tells plenty of stories about how
many US companies are the targets for foreign economic intelligence.
To me, it is the best argument for the government to _encourage_
the widespread use of strong cryptography.

@_date: 1993-03-08 14:43:15
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Clinton/Gore and Commerace vs. State... 
I seem to remember that Clinton and Gore indicated that
they would move regulation of the encryption technology
from the State Dept to the Commerace Dept when they
were elected. Now, things are more on hold. Can anyone
bring me up-to-date on the whole story?

@_date: 1993-03-12 04:46:24
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Secret messages in images... 
I wrote a quick little version to stick bits in the LSB of
a file. It runs in the Macintosh as an added feature to a popular
program, NIH Image. (The source code and frequent revision are
published at the major ftp sites.) It is very easy to add a function to handle this process because all of the file i/o
and format decoding are already present. If anyone would like a copy, they're welcome to write to me.
I'll send them instructions and a short file. Alas, it only
handles 8 bit images. Also, you can also request Mimic function code for hiding messages in text with a grammar. -Peter Wayner
(pcw at access.digex.com)

@_date: 1993-03-26 11:11:04
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Anonymous Corollary... 
The debate about the advantages of anonymity reminds me of
the debate over Hillary's Health Care Committee which is
a nameless group of individuals who have all signed a secrecy
pledge. Many are not part of the government and can't be held
accountable or even fired. The Wall Street Journal was able
to get the list of the people involved and published it along
with a reminiscence of the good old days when studying who
was in power in the Kremlin involved watching the cars to see who was coming and going and meeting in the baths at
the same time. There never was any dependable list of who
was in power at the Kremlin back then. Now, in response to the WSJ's coup de fax, the Clintonians
say that they'll release the list as soon as it has been
prepared. The point: the government has a relentless desire to document
and assign accountability for everything. It's bred in their
bones. Even the President can avoid it.

@_date: 1995-01-19 08:39:36
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Anonyous Cash through Options Trading 
Several months ago, there was a discussion at length about how one
could use the futures and options markets to transfer funds anonymously.
This week's edition of Forbes magazine (Jan 30, 95)
has the headline, "OIL! GUNS! GREED! Was Chase Manhattan ripped off by arms
traffickers?" In the story, Forbes guesses that some suspiciously large
losses in the options market could have been a smoke screen for money
  Oil traders do big business in unlisted options, providing
  a further smoke screen. Perkins points to deals in which
  Harris would buy a put option on a cargo of crude from a
  friendly counterpart like Bayoil and resell a similar contract
  in the oil market. If oil prices climbed, the put would expire
  worthless and Bayoil would pocket the price of the option,
  while Arochem would break even. If oil prices dropped, and the
  ultimate buyer exercised the put, Arochem could absorb the
  loss while conveniently neglecting to exercise its put against
  Bayoil, Perkins theorizes. (pg 87)
