
@_date: 1993-08-02 05:42:33
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Recent AP story... 
Yes, it can. My information about the abuses of the NCIC came
from an AP story by Lawrence Knutson. I didn't want to type
the whole thing because it would violate copyright. Apparently,
the Philadelphia Inquirer ran it on 7/29.

@_date: 1993-08-02 12:03:53
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: SKIPJACK PANEL 
Tom Knight is correct that the key generation process is
a good place to hide a weakness. If I remember correctly,
the chip's key is generated directly from it's ID number
by padding it with 160 random bits and encrypting the whole
mess. 80 bits of the result becomes the key. Obviously, if
you can keep a copy of the 160 bits of padding, then you
can regenerate the chip's local key without calling
up the key-escrow fascility. Apparently, an early document
said that each collection of padding would be used for
a batch of 300 chips. So if you can keep a list of these
padding bits, then you're set...
(Disclosure: This data came from the hip, not from documents.)

@_date: 1993-08-04 05:38:08
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Key Generation Scheme... 
According to my latest communication with Dorothy Denning:
"The key generation process is not as described in my earlier
Clipper paper and is classifed. We did look at it and will come
back to it in our Final Report."
So don't even bother spending your time thinking about what
she wrote before.

@_date: 1993-08-05 06:39:51
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: No Subject 
The Rule of Law and the Clipper Escrow Project
Last Thursday, I attended the first day of the Computer System Ssecurity
and Privacy Advisory Board in Washington. This is a group of industry
experts who discuss topics in computer security that should affect the
public and industry. Some of the members are from users like banks and
others are from service providing companies like Trusted Information
Services. Lately, their discussion has centered on the NSA/NIST's
Clipper/Capstone/Skipjack project and the effects it will have on
At the last meeting, the public was invited to make comments and they
were almost unanimously skeptical and critical. They ranged from
political objections to the purely practical impediments. Some argued
that this process of requiring the government to have the key to all
conversations was a violation of the fourth amendment of the
constitution prohibiting warrentless searches. Others noted that a
software solution was much simpler and cheaper even if the chips were
going to cost a moderate $25. There were many different objections,
but practically everyone felt that a standard security system was
This meeting was largely devoted to the rebutals from the
government. The National Security Association, the Department of
Justice, the FBI, the national association of District Attorneys
and Sheriffs and several others were all testifying today. The board itself runs with a quasi-legal style they make a point of
making both video and audio tapes of the presentations. The entire
discussion is conducted with almost as much gravity as Congressional
hearings.  The entire meeting was suffused with an air of ernest
lawfullness that came these speakers. All of them came from the upper
ranks of the military or legal system and a person doesn't rise to
such a position without adopting the careful air of the very diligent
bureaucrat. People were fond of saying things like, "Oh, it's in the
Federal Register.  You can look it up." This is standard operating
procedure in Washington agencies and second nature to many of the
day's speakers.
Dorothy Denning was one of the first speakers and she reported on
the findings of the committee of five noted public cryptologists
who agreed to give the Clipper standard a once-over. Eleven people
were asked, but six declined for a variety of reasons. The review
was to be classified "Secret" and some balked at this condition
because they felt it would compromise their position in public. The talk made clear that the government intended to keep the standard secret for the sole purpose of preventing people from
making unauthorized implementations without the law enforcement
back door. Dr. Denning said that everyone at the NSA believes
that the algorithm could withstand public knowledge with no trouble.
The review by the panel revealed no reason why they shouldn't trust
this assessment. Although lack of time lead the panel to largely rubberstamp
the more extensive review by the NSA, they did conduct a few tests
of their own. They programmed the algorithm on a Cray YMP, which
incidentally could process 89,000 encryptions per second in single
processor mode. This implementation was used for a cycling test which
they found seemed to imply that there was good randomness. The test
is done by repeatedly encrypting one value of data until a cycle occurs.
The results agreed with what a random process should generate.
They also tested the system for strength against a differential cryptanalysis attack and found it worthy. There was really very
little other technical details in the talk. Saying more would
have divulged something about the algorithm.
My general impression is that the system is secure. Many people
have played paranoid and expressed concerns that the classified
algorithm might be hiding a trapdoor. It became clear to me that
these concerns were really silly. There is a built-in trapdoor
to be used by the government when it is "legal authorized" to
intercept messages. The NSA has rarely had trouble in the past
exercising either its explicitly granted legal authority  or
its implied authority. The phrase "national security" is a
powerful pass phrase around Washington and there is no reason
for me to believe that the NSA wouldn't get all of the access
to the escrow database that it needs to do its job. Building in
a backdoor would only leave a weakness for an opponent to exploit
and that is something that is almost as sacrilidgeous at the NSA
as just putting the classified secrets in a Fed Ex package to Saddam Hussein.
Next there was a report from Geoff Greiveldinger , the man from the
Department of Justice with the responsibility of implementing the the
Key Escrow plan. After the Clipper/Capstone/SkipJack chips are
manufactured, they will be programmed with an individual id number and
a secret, unique key. A list is made of the id, key pairs and this
list is split into two halves by taking each unique key, k, and
finding two numbers a and b such that a+b=k. (+ represents XOR). One
new list will go to one of the escrow agencies and one will go to the
other. It will be impossible to recover the secret key without getting
the list entry from both agencies.
At this point, they include an additional precaution. Each list
will be encrypted so even the escrow agency won't be able to know what is in its list. The key for decoding this list will be locked away in the evesdropping box. When a wiretap is authorized,
each escrow agency will lookup the halves of the key that correspond
to the phone being tapped and send these to evesdropping box
where they will be decrypted and combined. That means that two clerks from the escrow agencies could not combine their
knowledge. They would need access to a third key or an evesdropping
box. It became clear that the system was not fully designed. It wasn't
obvious how spontenaeous and fully automated the system would
be. Mr. Greiveldinger says that he is trying to balance the tradeoffs
between security and efficiency. Officers are bound to be annoyed and
hampered if they can't start a tap instanteneously. The kidnapping of
a child is the prototypical example of when this would be necessary.
The courts also grant authority for "roving" wiretaps that allow
the police to intercept calls from any number of phones. A tap like
this begs out for a highly automated system for delivering the keys. I imagine that the system as it's designed will consist of escrow
computers with a few clerks who have nothing to do all day. When
a tap is authorized, the evesdropping box will be programmed with
a private key and shipped to the agents via overnight express. When
they figure out the id number of the phone being tapped, the evesdropping
box will probably phone the two escrow computers, perform a bit of
zero-knowledge authorization and then receive the two halves of the
key. This would allow them to switch lines and conduct roving
taps effectively. The NSA would presumably have a box that would
allow them to decrypt messages from foreign suspects.
At this point, I had just listened to an entirely logical presentation
from a perfect gentleman. We had just run though a system that had many
nice technological checks and balances in it. Subverting it seemed very difficult. You would need access to the two escrow agencies and
an evesdropping box. Mr. Greiveldinger said that there would be many
different "auditting" records that would be kept of the taps. It was
very easy to feel rather secure about the whole system in a nice, air-conditioned auditorium where clean, nice legally precise people
were speaking in measured tones. It was very easy to believe in the Rule of Law.
To counteract this, I tried to figure out the easiest way for me
to subvert the system. The simplest way is to be a police officer
engaged in a stakeout of someone for whom you've already received
a warrant. You request the Clipper evesdropping box on the off chance
that the suspect will buy a Clipper phone and then you "lend" it
to a friend who needs it. I think that the automation will allow
the person who possesses the box to listen in to whatever lines
that they want. The escrow agency doesn't maintain a list of people
and id numbers-- they only know the list matching the id number to
the secret key. There is no way that they would know that a request
from the field was unreasonable. Yes, the audit trails could be
used later to reconstruct what the box was used for, but that would
only be necessary if someone got caught. The bribe value of this box would probably be hard to determine,
but it could be very valuable. We know that the government of France
is widely suspected of using its key escrow system to evesdrop on US manufacturers in France. Would they be willing to buy evesdropping
time here in America? It is not uncommon to see reports of industrial
espionage where the spies get millions of dollars. On the other hand,
cops on the beat in NYC have been influenced for much less. The supply and demand theory of economics virtually guarantees that some deals are going to be done.
It is not really clear what real effect the key escrow system is going
to have on security. Yes, theives would need to raid two different
buildings and steal two different copies of the tapes. This is
good. But it is still impossible to figure out if the requests from
the field are legitimate-- at least within the time constraints posed
by urgent cases involving terrorism and kidnapping. The net effect of implementing the system is that the phone system
would be substantially strengthened against nieve intruders, but the
police (and those that bribe them) would still be able to evesdrop
with impunity. Everyone needs to begin to do a bit of calculus between
the costs and benefits of this approach. On one hand, not letting the
police intercept signals will let the crooks run free but on the other
hand, the crooks are not about to use Clipper phones for their secrets
if they know that they can be tapped.
The most interesting speaker was the assistant director of the National
Security Agency, Dr. Clint Brooks. He immediately admitted that the
entire Clipper project was quite unusual because the Agency was not
used to dealing with the open world. Speaking before a wide audience
was strange for him and he admitted that producing a very low cost
commercial competitive chip was also a new challenge for them. Never-the-less, I found him to be the deepest thinker at the conference.
He readily admitted that the Clipper system isn't intended to catch
any crooks. They'll just avoid the phones. It is just going to deny
them access to the telecommunications system. They just won't be able
to go into Radio Shack and buy a secure phone that comes off the line.
It was apparent that he was somewhat skeptical of the Clipper's potential
for success. He said at one point the possibilities in the system
made it worth taking the chance that it would succeed. If it could capture
a large fraction of the market then it could help many efforts of the
law enforcement and intelligence community.
When I listened, though, I began to worry about what is going to happen
as we begin to see the eventual blurring of data and voice communications
systems. Right now, people go to Radio Shack to buy a phone. It's the
only way you can use the phone system. In the future, computers, networks
and telephones are going to be linked in much more sophisticated ways.
I think that Intel and Microsoft are already working on such a technology.
WHen this happens, programmable phones are going to emerge. People
will be able to pop a new ROM in their cellular digital phone or
install new software in their computer/video game/telephone. This
could easily be a proprietary encryption system that scrambles
everything. The traditional way of controlling technology by
controlling the capital intensive manufacturing sites will be gone. Sure,
the NSA and the police will go to Radio Shack and say "We want your
cooperation" and they'll get it. But it's the little, slippery ones
that will be trouble in the new, software world.
The end of the day was dominated by a panel of Law Enforcement specialists
from around the country. These were sheriffs, district attorneys,
FBI agents and other officers from different parts of the system. Their message was direct and they didn't hesitate to compare encryption
with assault rifles. One even said, "I don't want to see the officers
outgunned in a technical arena." They repeatedly stressed the incredible safe guards placed upon the wiretapping process and described the hurdles that the officers
must go through to use the system. One DA from New Jersey said that
in his office, they process about 10,000 cases a year, but they only
do one to two wiretaps on average. It just seems like a big hassle
and expense for them.
It is common for the judges to require that the officers have very
good circumstantial evidence from informers before giving them
the warrant. This constraint coupled with the crooks natural hesitation
to use the phone meant that wiretaps weren't the world's greatest
evidence producers. One moment of levity came when a board member asked what the criminals
favorite type of encryption was. The police refused to answer this one
and I'm not that sure if they've encountered enough cases to build a profile. At the end of all of the earnestness and "support-the-cop-on-the-beat",
I still began to wonder if there was much value to wiretaps at all. The
police tried to use the low numbers of wiretaps as evidence that they're not
out there abusing the system, but I kept thinking that this was mainly
caused by the high cost and relatively low utility of the technique. It turns out that there is an easy way to check the utility of these
devices. Only 37 states allow their state and local police to use
wiretaps in investigations. One member of the panel repeated the rumor
that this is supposedly because major politicians were caught with
wiretaps. The state legislatures in these states supposedly
realized that receipients of graft and influence peddlers were the main
target of wiretaps. Evesdropping just wasn't a tool against muggers.
So they decided to protect themselves. It would be possible to check the crime statistics from each of these
states and compare them against the evesdropping states to discover
which has a better record against crime. I would like to do this
if I can dig up the list of states that allow the technique.
I'm sure that this would prove little, but it could possibly clarify
something about this technique.
It is interesting to note that the House of Representative committee
on the Judiciary was holding hearings on abuses of the National Crime
Information Center. They came in the same week as the latest round of Clipper hearings before the CSAB. The NCIC is a large computer system run by the FBI to provide all the police departments with a way to track down the past records of people. The widespread access
to the system makes it quite vulnerable to abuse.
In the hearings, the Congress heard many examples of unauthorized
access. Some were as benign as people checking out employees. The
worst was an ex-police officer who used the system to track down his
ex-girlfriend and kill her. They also heard of a woman who looked
up clients for her drug-dealing boyfriend so he could avoid the undercover cops. These hearings made it obvious that there were going to be problems
determining the balance of grief. For every prototypical example of
a child kidnapped to make child pornography, there is a rengade police officer out to knock off his ex-girlfriend. On the whole, the
police may be much more trustworthy than the criminals, but we need
to ask how often a system like Clipper will aid the bad guys. In the end, I reduced the calculus of the decision about Clipper to be
a simple tradeoff. If we allow widespread, secure encryption, will the
criminals take great advantage of this system? The secure phones won't
be useful in rapes and random street crime, but they'll be a big aid
to organized endeavors. It would empower people to protect their own
information unconditionally, but at the cost of letting the criminals
do the same.
Built-in back doors for the law enforcement community, on the other
hand, will deny the power of off-the-shelf technology to crooks, but it would also leave everyone vulnerable to organized attacks
on people. I began to wonder if the choice between Clipper and totally secure
encryption was moot. In either case, there would be new opportunities
for both the law-abiding and the law-ignoring. The amount of crime
in the country would be limited only by the number of people who devote their life to the game-- not by any new fangled technology
that would shift the balance.
I did not attend the Friday meeting so someone else will need to summarize
the details.

@_date: 1993-08-11 10:57:00
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Chaos harnessed for encryption / Fluctuations and Order research 
There was a paper several years back in Cryptologia that came to the conclusion that many of the chaotic functions were unsuitable
for encryption. By this, they mean the "classic" chaotic functions
like the Lorentz attractor. DES is obviously a very nice chaotic generator. The problem with the systems has its basis in the philosophical
foundations of the field. Mathematicians have been basically
saying, "Like Wow. These very simple equations just generate
stuff that is totally out of whack." The equations are just
simple differential equations that go kablooie. In many cases,
though, the kablooie only means that a small pertubation in the system causes large changes in the outcome. While this
is a necessary effect for solid encryption, it is not sufficient
for a good system. What we really want to know is whether
you can recover x from f(x) where f is the encryption function. if f(x+small value) is wildly different from f(x), then this
is good, but not good enough. Now, think a minute about the "synchronization" of these two
chaotic generators. This means that both ends of the conversation
have set their scramblers to the same "key". But since this
is analog, things might not be _exactly_ the same on both ends. If this was a really chaotic system then the tiny differences
in the two systems should make things go kablooie. My guess is that they figured out some way to use a feedback
mechanism to fix small pertubations and keep things from going
kablooie in a small range. I would guess that this could lead
to a hole for attacking the system. Just a guess, though. This insight is similar to the holes that people found in linear feedback shift registers. These systems are pretty
good random number generators, but they're not secure if
the user can guess a few bits of your message. Why? Because
the equations are simple enough to be inverted. The only question is whether the chaotic equations can be inverted.
I think that the Cryptologia paper came to the conclusion that
it could be done. I'm sorry I don't have a complete reference to the Cryptologia
paper. Perhaps my memory is a bit flawed here as well. It would be interesting, though, to study the EE times article
in depth. I think John is right that there is a certain amount
of philosophical convergence between the work at MIT and the
work at Los Alamos.

@_date: 1993-08-12 11:48:12
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: >Clipper trapdoor? 
Dave Sobel has been wondering just how the Escrow Agency will
check up on the requests for keys that it gets from the NSA.
The procedures aren't decided yet, but from my understanding
of the presentation given at the last CSSAB meeting in Washington,
the Escrow agencies won't have a person/phone to escrow id number
mapping that would allow them to check if a request for a key
is valid. There are two reasons for this. 1) It would be pretty useless because
people could sell their phones at garage sales or give them as
Christmas gifts and screw up the list. 2) This is also a "feature".
If two of the escrow agents (from different agencies) decided to
go bad, then they wouldn't be able to look up their enemy Bob's escrow key by name. They would need some of the real-time hardware
and access to the family key. Presumably, this would be handled
by a third party.

@_date: 1993-08-19 14:20:46
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Traveller's Checks... 
I think that American Express wouldn't be interested in anonymous cash because the most important "feature" of
a traveller's check is the lack of transferability. Once
they're bought, only one person can spend them. Still, there might be people interested in anonymous
approaches.

@_date: 1993-08-19 16:26:10
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Traveller's Checks... 
Many banks make money on float. Could digital cash
pay interest? I guess the bank could append a date
to the cash and mark up the value when it is "spent",
but that might compromise some of the anonymity. I'm sure the bank would volunteer to guard our
anonymity in the strictest sense by not paying
the interest.

@_date: 1993-08-22 18:06:21
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Cracking & auditing crypto protocols 
I'm not sure whether it is fair to call Walter Tuchman
a Real Cryptanalyst, but there are many reasons to suspect that he is a talented one. When he headed the IBM team
developing DES, it is said (by Coppersmith) that they developed many attacks like what we now know as Differential Cryptanalysis. These contributed to their
design of DES and I think it would be fair to say that
the same principles could be used to assess the strength of the Clipper chip. A Mykotronix employee told me that
it "Contains s-boxes and all that stuff." I don't know whether he was the one responsible for these insights
back then, but he certainly was in the right place to learn
alot by osmosis.

@_date: 1993-08-25 13:17:11
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud 
My impression is that the companies will use the Neural Network
to detect strange spending habits. For instance, a friend with
an American Express card had a strange occurance when he was on
a business trip. His spending was way up and when he tried to make
a purchase, the card reader said, "Dial Amex." The clerk did and
the friend found himself talking to an Amex representative. They
said, "We've noticed that you've had more purchases than usual lately
and we just wanted to check in to see if you're who you say you are."
I think they asked him his mother's maiden name or something like that.
In the end, he felt that this intruision was a feature and touted it
to me as a great reason to get an Amex card. All these guys are out
there protecting you. Privacy advocates might have a different opinion.

@_date: 1993-08-29 15:56:18
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Crypto and Jurassic Park 
Here is an anecdote about the use of cryptography taken
from "The Beauty in the Beasts" an article by Jody Duncan on
page 95 of the magazine "Cinefex".  Principal (sic) photography on Jurassic Park wrapped just after  the Thanksgiving weekend. In the six months that followed,
 the film was editted, scored, mixed for sound and provided
 with finalized computer graphics dinosaurs. Already on to his
 next project-- Schindler's List-- Speilberg was shooting in  Europe throughout most of the postproduction phase, but continued
 to keep his hand in Jurassic Park through an encrypted satellite
 feed from ILM (Industrial Lights and Magic).

@_date: 1993-08-30 14:18:50
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Another BBS Seizure in Hartford 
BTW, there is a story in today's NYT about a poor, French kid
who watched McGiver make a bomb in the TV show and then decided
to "try this at home." He was killed. Now his family has filed
a nice, big law suit. The guy on the show made the bomb with sugar and some kind of
fertilizer or other stuff.

@_date: 1993-12-05 14:29:50
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Escobar and Cellular Ph0n3z 
Notes on Escobar:
*) Tom Clancy's next-to-last novel, _Clear and Present Danger_ describes
a secret drug interdiction mission run by the US Government. It is a novel, but he is well-known for getting many of the details right. The
important de-ja-vu is that in the novel, the agents used a "box" that allowed them to recognize the voices of the various druglords no matter
which phone line they used. This box would scan all of the cellular
*) I believe that Escobar called some radio station to complain about
some story about him. The call was traced. Perhaps by mundane, Dragnet-era
techniques. (I'm not sure about this point. Any confirmation?)

@_date: 1993-12-14 10:03:52
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Signing pictures -- how hard, how long? 
I think signing photographs and movie images is a difficult
problem. Why? Because one flipped bit will completely screw
up the hash function. Errors on these tapes happen rarely,
but most video manufacturers aren't really going to bother
worrying about occasional bit errors because they're usually
invisible to the eye. Why waste all that extra effort on
error correction if it's not worth the trouble. So signed
photographs will also need to contain all of the error correction necessary and that will make them more expensive.
This isn't any real cost on a general purpose machine, but
it matters in some places.

@_date: 1993-07-08 06:50:16
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Crypto Phones... 
I realize that it is quite possible to design a secure phone
with a Vocoder, a modem and some cpu power to do the encryption,
but I think that an easier solution may be on the horizon. I believe that Microsoft and many others are exploring hooking
phones to PCs so people can do things like ship pictures of their
weekend fun to friends. When PC's can easily access phone communications,
then developing encrypted conversations should be as easy as
programming for Windows :-). Another solution may be for the Digital Phone companies to make a phone that is reprogrammable so people can hook up their laptops
or run software on the phone itself. This is, I believe, a valid
marketting strategy because it could make the phone that more desirable
when third parties start offering Sharp Wizard/Newton/EO interfaces
so people can hook up their address books to the phones. What do you think, Phil? You said that you had plenty of cycles left
over to do DES with the last digital phone you designed. Do you
have enough left to bring up Windoze?

@_date: 1993-07-13 08:32:45
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: PGP 2.3 now avail for Intergraph Clipper CPU 
PGP is now available for the Clipper? Now Phil has sold out
just like Jim Bidzos! :-)

@_date: 1993-07-21 09:30:54
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Remailers/PayPhones and Today's NYT 
Today's NYT has an article on PayPhone salons that
offer phone booths to their customers. They buy the
long distance connection in bulk and resell them
to the customers so the customer doesn't have to
pay the high payphone charge. They're quite common
in poor sections of town.
The article mentions that the phones can be problematic
because drug dealers can use them to avoid phone taps,
but it seems to conclude that this is a small price to
pay for bringing the connection to the poor. Most customers
use the service to call their home country and speak to
relatives. I thought it was interesting that the danger of untraceable
drug dealers popped into the reporters mind when they were
researching the article. After all, they don't tend to mention illegal problems when they speak about used car dealers
or other services.

@_date: 1993-07-21 12:39:42
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Simmons... 
I have no idea about the reason behind his departure from
Sandia, but I did note with curiosity that Sandia refuses
to forward mail to him. This may be Standard Operating Procedure
at secure sites, but the Journal of Cryptology reported this
in its latest issue. He is still an editor.

@_date: 1993-07-21 12:40:50
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Simmons Subliminal channels and more... 
I too received a copy of Gus Simmons paper in the mail and I
called him on the phone to discuss it with him. He sent me a copy of his latest version of the paper. The significance of the paper is that it is possible to use
the DSS algorithm to send messages disguised as signatures. The specs for the DSS used by NIST required that it could not be used
to hold secrets. This would make it more exportable and this was
one of the reasons why RSA was not chosen as the DSS. On a more philosophical level, it shows that the DSS and the El Gamal system really aren't signature systems. They
convey extra information. That means that they really aren't
that different from RSA on a functional level.
The easiest way to understand how the message passing system works is notice that the DSS uses a random number to compute
the signature. If we could somehow recover this number, then
we could have the information. What's the simplest hidden
way to send a message? Let's say that you want to send a bit.
Just keep rerunning the algorithm with different random numbers
until the right parity appears. The real approach is more sophisticated than this. My personal feeling is that this shows how utterly impossible
it is to keep secret bits from hiding in the noise of the world.
If the NSA can't do it, then there is a good chance that no one
can.

@_date: 1993-07-26 15:36:30
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: T-shirts are for wimps... 
I say lets get tattoos. If you _really_ are committed than
you won't have any problems with this. Seriously, it is possible to get fake tattoos printed up
with your design. I suggest either the classic heart with
the word "Freedom" or "Privacy" replacing "Mom". They should
last several days and they could be cheap enough to give
out for grins.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-06-15 05:36:39
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: 2600 testimony to Markey's subcommittee 
Of course, it seems perfectly obvious to Markey that 2600
is a "handbook on crime", but EG should have turned around
and pointed out that he's just transmitting information on
the world and there is nothing wrong with that. Gosh, if
there was then Congressional Hearings and C-Span should
be rated R to prevent the little whippersnappers from seeing
and hearing demonstrations like the one that John Gage gave
the committee several weeks ago. One person commented that Time magazine's latest article on
Crack was practically a "How-To" guide. It satisfied the
"Enquiring Minds" that wanted to know just what those people
did with the magic crystals. Another friend informs me that Pornography is often transmitted
with the label "For Scientific Research purposes only." Apparently,
the law contains some exception for Doctors and Biologists. Hmmm. I wonder where Masters and Johnson fit in here.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-06-21 07:53:26
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: A cite desired... 
I remember reading that IBM originally started looking into
cryptosystems like DES after they were informally tipped off
that the Russians were evesdropping on their internal network.
Can anyone give me a pointer to this fact?
Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-06-24 05:53:23
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: a new role for the NSA 
Many people have pointed out, perhaps correctly, that strong
crypto could mean the end of the line for many of the workers
at the NSA. If I was in charge of the NSA, I would argue to
my budget-dispensing superiors that all of the strong crypto
just meant that I needed a bigger budget to scan for data. So the terrorists get crypto terminals? Well, they probably
won't have a Tempest class machine so there is plenty of SIGINT
that can still be done. There are plenty of opportunities to
target people and their communications links with localized
bugs. It just requires some more money. I've often wondered whether the NSA's presumed approach of acting as a huge vacuum cleaner for data was the best way
of gathering intelligence. It may have been in the 1960's
and earlier when transmission rates were relatively expensive
and people didn't call long distance unless their was a death in the family. Now, though, the sheer volume of data
has exploded. Vaccuumming it all in and sorting it out
in the buildings at Fort Meade must be much less cost effective--
no matter how many voice recognition computers that they have.
Today, information is much, much cheaper than it used to be.
Intelligence is just as expensive as ever. Incidentally, Bill Safire wrote a great piece on this a year
or so ago. He argued that it was time for the Spy agencies to
go back to Mata Hari type shenanigans because the magic window
of SIGINT was about to be closed again. If anyone could dig
it up, I would appreciate the reference. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-06-24 10:30:58
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Government fear of strong crypto 
I seem to remember that Pres. Reagan authorized the NSA to
help domestic law enforcement officials when "lives were at
stake." But I don't have a citation.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-06-24 14:57:27
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Karn's note... 
On Over-the-air encryption...
If anyone wants to read Tom Clancy's latest book, _Clear and Present Danger_
about a set of covert operations against drug kingpins in South America,
they will note that he mentions a magic box that will scan the airwaves
for voices on the cellular channels. This allows the protagonists to follow the conversations of the kingpins as they hop from limo to limo
using a different phone with each conversation. Does TriggerFish do this? My theory is that the 260-bit repeated XOR code was proffered because
it wouldn't interfere with algorithms that were doing simultaneous
voice recoginition. It is, after all, just the equivalence of doing
a discrete convolution across the signal. I believe that this should
be easy to handle with a few clever signal processing algorithms designed
for noise reduction. I don't know this with any stretch of confidence
so I would like to be disabused of this idea if it's harder than
all of that.

@_date: 1993-06-24 15:51:28
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Karn's note... 
I believe the novel implied that the magic box didn't do voice
recognition in the sense of identifying the words being spoken.
It just said, "Hey, that sounds like Bob Smith on line 42." The
point was that these guys were jumping around from phone to
phone. But, I agree with you that traffic analysis should be much easier
now with all of the ID tags. I think the Clancy box would be
too much overkill because people really don't use that many telephones during the day. Especially now that they call carry
pocket cellular phones.

@_date: 1993-05-20 08:01:41
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Encripted huffman-like compression 
I wrote something on this in Cryptologia several
years back. I believe it is the April Issue of 1988. It describes how to scramble the tree of the Huffman
compression to achieve more cryptographically useful
compression. Why is this necessary? Because people
often assume that compression removes many of the
redundancies of the language. Well, it only does this
in a theoretical sense. The patterns are still there.
If the Huffman encoding maps "T" to "01", "H" to "1001"
and "E" to "11", then the pattern "01100111" is going
to be very common in English text, but "10010111" is
going to much less common. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-11-23 09:13:17
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Pyrrhus Cracks RSA? 
I've always felt that the NSA and its corp of mathematicians
has a much greater chance of breaking anything than the folks in the University. Even in the best situation (MIT), a professor must devote
substantial time to raising money to support themselves,
their travel expenses and their graduate students. There
aren't many folks who hold positions in these schools. The rest are in schools where the professor must also
teach 2-4 classes to pay for food. Research is nice
in these places, but it doesn't pay the rent. Very, very few people have the freedom and the time to
devote to deep exploration of problems like cracking RSA.
Most of them are in the NSA. There is no doubt that the restrictive work environment
is a pain in the neck. But, most mathematicians don't really have many choices. They can go to a small college
and teach forever. They can go to industry and work hard
on the industry's problems. Or they can go to the NSA.
It really isn't a bad choice in many respects. No classes.
No students whining about their grades or asking for
an extension. No endless search for grant money. If you
want to do algebra or number theory or a host of other
problems, it might be considered one of the best environments
you could get short of the Institute for Advanced Study.

@_date: 1993-10-04 14:24:45
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Who's Most Receptive to Our Message? 
I'm pretty sure that there was a NPR reporter at the CSSPAB meetings.
He brought a tapedeck and taped interviews with people like Steve
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-10-06 10:59:14
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Enough already! 
Given that the cypherpunks are limited to text lately, it might
be interesting to convert our mailing list into a version of Ted Nelson's Xanadu Hypertext system. He had some plan where people
would pay the author several coins for the priviledge to reading
their text. This could have several advantages. 1) People would quit posting
random stuff because they knew that it would dillute their "brand name"
and cause people not to buy their next posting. 2) People would have an incentive to contribute to the group because they would
start running out of cash if they didn't say something valuable. Of course there are downsides to this. Posters like Sternlight might
find themselves unread. Or neo-Sternlights might be rewarded for the
controversy they generate by attracting high readership. The need to
post or run out of money would discourage low-volume neophiles and
those without hours of idle time to burn.

@_date: 1993-10-06 11:45:16
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Start up costs and paying for speech... 
Of course there would need to be some mechanism associated with
letting new people into the system. In the real world, the parents
and to some extent the government bear the responsiblity to bring
up the young and provide for them. Perhaps some form of welfare
could be instituted without offending the strict libertarians?
Each month, the smartest and wittiest would be taxed and their
success redistributed to the new and the epistolarily challenged.
Ack... I don't know if digital money is such a great idea. A worl
d without it seems so free.

@_date: 1993-10-08 08:41:07
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: second order homophonic substitution 
Another way of thinking about this is:
Compress with one Huffman compression scheme based on the message
Decompress with the Huffman scheme based on the desired statistics.

@_date: 1993-10-08 12:49:23
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Radio, Radio... 
I thought it was interesting that people on this net are getting
interested in placing a discrete network of spread-spectrum boxes around the area. It turns out that a company, Tetherless
Access Limited, is just beginning plans to do this right now.
Here is a press release I just got:

@_date: 1993-10-08 12:55:45
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Sorry about that last message 
I didn't mean to append that note about Moscow at the end of
the press release. It happened by mistake. You can enjoy it
but please delete it afterwards. I've gotten about three copies
in the mail through different forwarding paths.

@_date: 1993-10-11 12:26:19
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Zimmerman on the Hill.... 
What time will Zimmerman be delivering his telegram to the
Hill tomorrow? Does anyone know the date and time and location? I would appreciate the information.
Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-10-17 16:51:59
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: crypto technique 
There is a patent by a fellow named Walter Anderson on a public-key crypto system that uses a similar principle. I believe that his patent might even cover the technique
described in your posting about multiplying polynomials
together. I wish I had the number, but it came out very recently.
Incidentally, I managed to break early versions of the -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-10-21 10:02:48
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Gold in them thar Bills... 
Now, I realize that there is something romantic about Swiss bankaccounts,
but lets not fool ourselves. Gold in the Zurich Free Transit Warehouse
depends on the good graces of the Swiss government. After WWII, the Swiss ended up with a real pile of Nazi gold in their vaults because they had
been remaining neutral during all of these years. The US demanded the
gold because it won the war. Here is an account from Paul Erdman's
_The Swiss Account_, a docudrama about the time period. It is a work
of fiction, but the true parts are as true as any history book. He
gives footnotes.
   Where that gold was concerned, even before the war ended, the Allies
  threatened to maintain an economic boycott on Switzerland unless it was
  turned over to them. The Swiss government agreed and also promised to   relinquish all other German assets in Switzerland, such as bank accounts,
  once it was determined how much was involved.    So no embargo was imposed. This promise was subsequentally reaffirmed   in a formal agreement signed in Washington after which the Swiss simply
  stonewalled. There was no proof, they claimed, that they had received   any looted gold from Germany. And as to the Nazi bank deposits, there was
  no way under Swiss law that private property could be seized. They insisted
  that the netire matter be turned over to an international court of   arbitration... which would have taken years.    In the end, the Allies caved in. On August 28, 1952, in return for a lump
  sum settlement of ninety million dollars, the Allies concented to declare all
  of the claims against Switzerland arising out of World War II as
  satisfied. That amount represented no more than five cents on the dollar.   The rest was simply kept by the Swiss, although a small amount was eventually
  given to the Red Cross. Now, as it stands, I really don't think that gold in a Swiss vault is , without question, better than US paper money. I can pay my US taxes
in US currency, but I can't eat gold. It's just shiny and neat. It's great
if you need to make gold chains and rings, but it's not that great for
anything other than electronics. In my computer, the silicon is worth
more than the gold.

@_date: 1993-10-26 05:07:42
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Apple, AOCE, and key pair security 
Last night, I installed my version of System 7 Pro-- the new
version of the Apple Macintosh Operating System with built in
Digital Signature capabilities. Here's the details:
1) The package contains two extra pieces of paper. One is a voucher that is good for one free certificate. The second
is an address and instructions for just what to do. 2) The installation process is very simple. You click on
some icon to get the software running and then you:
  i) Fill in a form with your name and address.
  ii) Choose a country from a very long list.
  iii) Add in an identifying phrase. The manual says
   that you should "Type a word or phrase you can remember.
   You may have to provide this phrase if the Approval
   Authority needs to verify your identity." This may
   be used if you forget or lose something. I'm not sure.
   Perhaps it is a random number seed. Perhaps it is    transmitted to RSA for the same purposes as the
   "mother's maiden name" passphrase used by banks.    I don't know.   iv) Then you type in a password. This is the same
   password that you type in each time you want to    make a signature for a document. It seems to    encrypt your private key. Jim Bidzos says that
   the software is careful enough to do this work
   only in memory where it is relatively safe.   v) You choose a location for your signing icon.    At first this will be "unapproved" and it won't
   work. Eventually, when you get a disk back from    RSA, you'll be able to sign a document just by
   dragging it on to the signing icon. Then a dialog
   box will open up asking you for password.   vi) A "processing" box appears and says that it will
   need to compute for the next 1 to 10 minutes. It    doesn't say that it is looking for a prime, but that
   is entirely possible. Paranoids will hate this opacity.
3) Now, you get a nice print out of some random characters.
The text says that you can just send the paper if you've
a printer that is capable of 300 dpi resolution. Apparently,
they plan on using OCR to read this in. 4) You take this paper to a Notary Public and present 3 forms
of identification. The form asks the Notary to write down
all of this and sign it. It also instructs the Notary that
this cannot be done in any other way than in person. No Agents,
Spouses etc.
5) You mail it off to a PO Box in Belmont CA and wait.
6) When it comes back, you probably get a disk that will
allow you to initialize everything. Some Random Observations:
*) The Certificates come with a built-in time limit. They're
only good for two years. The software comes with a renewal
mechanism so I think that people will be mailing checks in
a couple of years. *) I'm not sure how complicated this procedure is for large
corporate users. The book hints that you may get your signature
from a company representative. *) They included a sample signer so you can play with the
technology out of the box. I signed a few things and got
the software to break by trying to sign the "DigiSign Utility." I.e. itself. *) The signature verification process is very well integrated.
You simply open up the little info box that is available for
each icon. There will be a extra button with a pen. Push it
and the name and address of the signatory pops up.
*) The signature is saved as a resource in the resource fork.
The address is in the clear including several addresses for
RSA. I tried fudging with them for grins and the signature
broke. The software reported that it was tampered with. Good
*) It took about 30 seconds to sign a 200k document on a IIci.
Final impressions:
Software Ease of Use: A+
Paranoia Avoidance: F (no source code or instructions on how   to generate your own signature)
RSA Cash Infusion: A (more checks in 2 years)
Boost to Public Crypto Usage in short term: A+
Boost to Public Crypto Usage Two Years from now when the Certificates
Run Out: INC (Who can remember to re-authorize these things?)

@_date: 1993-09-12 19:29:27
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Digital warfare 
People who are skeptical about Perry Metzeger's claim about
tax avoidance might want to look at the files of Dave Dinkins,
the mayor of New York. I believe that he failed to file for something like 12 years. Yet, the machine runs on in that city....

@_date: 1993-09-13 07:19:52
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Stegno and DAT and digital music... 
In this week's Sunday NYT, Hans Fantel, their music guy, writes
at length about the new "dithered" CD's and how the guys have
improved the sound. He says that the original CD format was
limited to 16 bits of sound because of costs. But many audiophiles
reacted very negatively to the tinny, metalic quality to the music.
For this reason, the companies have developed 20 bit DAT recording
tape and then come up with ways to "dither" this into 16 bits. I am curious if anyone knows the details of these algorithms. Also, his point suggests that flipping the least significant bit of 16 bit music may not be imperceptable to some ears. If
the classical music starts to sound tinny then there might be
something subversive in the least significant bits. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-09-16 12:59:21
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: CSSPAB meeting of September 1 and 2. 
I'm sorry that this is so late, but I got backed up doing too many
other things. Feel free to go to the anonymous mailers and post
sarcastic remarks, straight-forward discussions or other comments.
Here's my report from what I saw attending the Computer System
Security and Privacy Advisory Board meeting on September 1st and
2nd in Baltimore, MD. This group is a Congressionally chartered
organization with the responsibity to render advice on questions
of cryptography and computer security. It's members are made
up of people from government and industry. One member must be
a representative from the National Security Agency. The meeting this time was at the Hyatt in Baltimore and there were
several differences between this meeting and the last two which
were held at the National Institute of Standards and Technology
in Gaithersburg, MD. First, there were coffee, juice and doughnuts
available in the morning. Second, I did not notice any recording
devices or stenographers keeping track of what was said. Previous
meetings at NIST had been both video and audio taped. There were two major parts to the meeting: 1) listening presentations
from a variety of different people and 2) debating resolutions about
the government's proposed Key Escrow standard. I attended most of the
presentations, but I skipped most of the debate about the resolutions.
The remarks that follow are basically my personal recollections.
The most interesting bit of information I learned on the first day
concerned a software version of the Key Escrow system. The strongest
and least controversial arguments against deploying all revolve around
the fact that the proposed chips we've seen so far are all based in
hardware. Adding an additional chip to computers and phones costs
money ($25-100), adds weight (bad for portable phones) and increases
power consumption. None of these are desirable attributes. More
importantly, a hardware standard not very flexible and the nation's
entire computer system could be compromised for 6 months to a year
if the key escrow agents went bad. That's my estimate for the amount
of time it would take us to replace all the chips. NIST, in recognition of these facts, has announced a "Cooperative
Research and Development" plan (called CRADA-- the "A" might
stand for agreement). This would allow members of industry and
academia to join together with NIST and the NSA to try and discover
a good, software based, Key Escrow scheme. Ray Bonner, deputy director
of NIST, discussed the plan and said that he wasn't sure that it would lead to anything but that it was worth a try. He also said
that we should keep a copy of the Federal Register containing the
announcement (Vol 58,  Tues,  Aug 24 1993, pg 44662) because
it could be the only CRADA ever involving the NSA. It could become
a collectors item. If anyone is interested in getting involved with this project, they
should call Dennis Branstad at NIST (301-975-2913). To me, it seems
like it is easy to accomplish a key escrow plan in software. It
just depends how many features you want to add. A simple method is
to encrypt the session key with the government's public key(s)and
append this in a LEAF. If the cops wanted to listen in, they could
decrypt the LEAF using the private key(s that would be kept by the
escrow agency. Naturally, this could be compromised if the keys got
out. More sophisticated methods could involve a three-way Diffie-Hellman
key exchange at the start of each conversation on the phone system.
Or the government might want to explore Silvio Micali's work at MIT.
It would also be possible to use Gus Simmon's subliminal channels to
implement a signature/escrow scheme. The LEAF would be a DSS signature
and the session key would be held in subliminal channel. The other
half of the conversation would be able to verify that the LEAF was
there and the conversation was authentic, and the LE people could
get the key if they so desired. (This could be easily broken. I can't remember the details of Simmons's solution at this moment.) There
are several other answers that come to mind. The traditional objections to software implementations of the Key
Escrow plan are (1) easy tamperability and (2) publication of NSA
secrets. While software may be easier to change, people have also
proposed very simple ways to circumvent Clipper. If both halves of the
conversation coordinate themselves beforehand, any amount of duplicity
is possible whether or not a hardware chip is part of the standard. It
is possible to super-encrypt the entire data stream in software and
the LEAF would be foiled. It doesn't seem as if there is that much
difference on a relative scale.
The critical problem to developing a software key escrow system is
finding a way to prevent a modified piece of software from working
with an unmodified piece of software. This would stop people from
establishing links without prior arrangements for extra security.
I believe that this may be possible to do this using two different
types of LEAFS and shifting session keys every so often. Of course, sending out a software version of an algorithm will
leak information from the NSA-- something that really worries
them. But the CRADA says that the NSA will work on the software
Key escrow plan on a complete unclassifed basis. People on the CSSAB
made light of the strangeness of all of this.
Other Presentations
Most of the rest of the meeting was devoted to people not saying
anything on purpose. The plan to give the DSS to the RSA to resolve
patent differences and give the nation a standard has not generated
any new facts. Mike Rubin, the lawyer in charge, was not at the meeting
and he is apparently processing the public comments as I write. Some
summarized the comments as uniformly stating, "Free is good, paying
is bad." A group of computer scientists from NIST came to discuss their plan
for the Federal Criteria for secure systems and the new "Common
Criteria" that may emerge. This is an updated version of the old
Orange Book classification scheme of C2 and B1 and stuff like that.
The scientists said the draft is being finished but it isn't ready
for release. But now, they're working on "Something Better." This
is a new plan to standardize the grading of secure systems with other countries and evolve a "Common Criteria." In general, the board groused about the fact that the public and industry have never
been invited to give comments during the process. The summary
of this talk is: "We might be able to tell you something someday." Geoff Greiveldinger took up a whole hour in the afternoon to tell
us that it would be impolite for him to discuss the key escrow system
with the CSSAB before talking about it with Congress. He is the lawyer from the Justice department responsible for setting up the
system. Some members of the board mentioned that the board was
chartered by Congress and so he could speak freely, but others
refused to be so impolite as to question his polite excuse. He filled the hour with more descriptions with all of the restrictions
that they place on wiretaps at the Justice department. Once again, I
found myself wondering why they are going through so much trouble over something that just seems to cause them grief. The taps cost
money. They divert manpower. Etc. Yet, the FBI and the rest of the community is willing to go through a full court press on this topic.
The taps are essential in crime encapsulated in conversations (i.e.
influence peddling, bribery). Perhaps those of us outside of government (sadly only 4 out 5 people)
should quit worrying about this topic. The crimes we're likely to
commit all involve action: grand theft auto, drunk driving,
pickpocketting, murder, rape, illegal parking etc. No one really cares
what we say. It's just if we _do_ something and violate a property
right. Usually, members of the government are the ones who could break the law just by openning their mouth. Some people from the Social Security Agency came to tell the board
about their internal security procedures that they use to track down
people inside the agency generating information for outsiders like
private detectives. They routinely run sting operations where they
call up information brokers and ask them to get a Social Security
file for an individual. Then they watch for accesses to that record
and flag the miscreant.
One of the old hobbies at the agency was looking up the records
of stars. (When your job is sitting around watching people get
old, you've got to have something to do.) The agency keeps a watch
list of the celebrity's real name and SS number. Special programs now
watch for inquiries into these records. A nice guy from ARPA (Steve Squires) came and showed us complicated
slides representing the various factions at ARPA who are going about
developing the National Information Infrastructure. It seemed to be
more a polite introduction than a fact-based briefing about what might come out of Al Gore's dreams. Dorothy Denning came to say that there was no final report from the
outside team performing an outside review of the Clipper algorithm.
In general, she said that the comments have been favorable to their
work. Several members of the board questioned the independence of the
review given that it was done at the NSA using NSA's computers and
NSA's programmers. They also wondered about the depth of the review
because it was apparent that Denning leaned heavily on the NSA's
analysis. The EFF and Clipper
The final presentation came from Jerry Berman from the EFF. In
reality, he was representing the "Digital Privacy and Security
Working Group" which is a group of industry and political groups
that have joined together to say something about Clipper. This was the last presentation of the meeting and it became sort of a climax because people kept saying, "We'll see what the EFF
has to say." Their statement was simple. The group feels that it can accept
Clipper if any participation in the key escrow program is completely
volutary. They proposed to test the administration's committment
to volunteerism by noting whether they relaxed export requirements.
To me, the statement was little more than a political gambit. All
of the companies involved in the DPSWG really, really, really want
export restrictions eased. So they offered their support for Clipper as a quid pro quo. Let us export anything (not just Clipper)
and we'll support it. If you ask me, they shouldn't have been so bald about their horse
trading, but then I'm not a regular in Washington log rolling. It should
be possible to make a statement about Clipper without involving
the other issue, but maybe it's a smart deal. The main members of the
group are companies and the group had to standardize its message on
what its members want.
The Debate
The rest of the meeting was centered around the debate on the board's
resolution on Clipper. I missed most of this because it really seemed
very petty. Most of the board wanted to say that the Clipper chip was
a pain in the neck that wasn't worth the trouble but they couldn't
come up with the right words. Is it "expensive", "more expensive than
software", "more expensive than other alternatives", etc. The fight seemed to break down between government employees and
non-government employees. Those outside the government kept arguing
for stronger language and those inside kept saying things like,
"But expensive relative to what? We don't have any concrete cost
estimates." In the end, they passed resolutions that recorded reservations and
a call for "public" debate on the topic including a decision by
Congress on the needs of key escrow. If you have any questions about this summary, feel free to contact
me at pcw at access.digex.com.
--Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-09-17 14:01:38
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Ke Escrow Procedures... 
Meanwhile, where is the proof that the key being requested corresponds to
a person on whom a wiretap has been ordered?
When I saw a preliminary briefing given to the CSSPAB, the DOJ suggested
that there would be no list kept equating names to Clipper Chip ID Of course such a list would be a real disaster because people would
routinely be shifting hardware left and right. Any list would become
immediately out of date. This means that there is really no feasible way to discover misuse.

@_date: 1993-09-18 16:31:36
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: CRADA robber 
I spoke with Dennis Branstad at length a couple of days ago
about just what it means to get involved with NIST in the Software Key Escrow CRADA. It was a nice conversation and
he told me that he personally didn't seem to think that a workable
system would emerge, but that others felt differently. Plus
the push for a software solution meant that the agency felt
that it should at least explore the topic before dismissing it.
The system seems to be quite commercial. A group of people and companies petition NIST to get involved with the project
and then a group forms out of a subset of these applications.
Usually this is the team that is most likely to get the job
done. For that reason, people need to bring something to the
project be it expertise, capital or whatever. At the end, the group owns the intellectual property rights to
what is discovered. This may be something patentable and it could
be worth some money. I don't know how likely this is, but it seems possible. In fact, it is probably the reason many of the
participants are willing to enter into the project. The role of NIST is both gatekeeper and fascilitator. They get
everyone together and occasionally push things along. In this
case, they'll also offer some technical assistance which will
include feedback from the NSA. Dennis Branstad said that this would
most likely take the form of Siskel and Ebert-like ratings of the
systems proposed. The NSA would suggest, "Yes" or "No" but they
probably wouldn't go into details. This is because the procedure
would be unclassified and the NSA usually won't relate technical
details without classifying them. I've read the Federal Register announcement and it really isn't that interesting. There are only two columns of text and most of
it is devoted to the formatting and standard operating procedures. This note contains much more information than the announcement itself.
This leaves me with several questions:
* Is this process intended to fail? Will NIST just keep saying that
software isn't good enough and that way they'll be able to answer
the criticism that hardware is too expensive?
* How selective is the group formation process? Are people really
out for money? * There are supposedly several other groups interested in participating.
Who are they? Is it RSA and PKP? * Is a software process really that much more insecure than a hardware
based approach? Sure, it is easier to tamper with software, but given
that we can always tamper with the software shell around the Clipper
hardware, it shouldn't be _that_ much different.

@_date: 1993-09-20 10:09:57
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: a quote 
I seem to think the quote should be attributed to P.J. O'Rourke.
I'm also pretty sure it came from _Parliament of Whores._

@_date: 1993-09-20 12:46:14
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: a quote 
Nah. When I'm drunk and driving I always use the left
side of the road. If I was in Britain, there would be
no problem!

@_date: 1994-04-01 14:19:55
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: How Many Games of Chess? 
There is that curious rule that ends a game when the same board position
occurs three times in the course of the game. I wonder if there were
any real cool endgames where the underdog was able to manipulate the
overdog into repeating the position three times? Peter Wayner * 4129 Roland Ave.  Baltimore, MD 21211-2038

@_date: 1994-04-05 10:23:43
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Economic assumptions 
I think we should be careful here. Yes, the big companies are getting
smaller, but that doesn't mean that we're not seeing centralization.
You might argue the exact opposite: The economy is becoming _increasingly_
centralized and the computers and automation are allowing the large
companies to cut out even more people. Consider some facts. Microsoft and Intel dominate the microcomputer market.
The auto market in the US expanded over the last several years because
more imports started arriving, but now the global auto capacity is
really much too large. That's why Jaguar, Lotus and many of the other
brands are now just divisions of the large companies. This will continue
to happen as the auto companies merge and cross purchase shares. In the airplane market, Boeing is considering pooling resources with
one of its two major competitors, Airbus, so the two can design the
next big plane. Yes, there are many small, new companies, but I think this is largely
because of other considerations. It is much cheaper for companies to hire
contractors than employees. The high cost of benefits makes it easier
to shed the people and make them fend for themselves. Plus, the affirmative
action and other discrimination laws makes it difficult if not impossible
to fire anyone but a young, straight, white man without worrying about
a discrimination suit. These are the principle reasons why the corporations
don't have many employees.

@_date: 1994-04-05 11:33:18
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: VISA Electronic Purse 
Gosh, how many Real Men are going to carry an electronic "purse?"

@_date: 1994-04-05 13:04:39
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: VISA Electronic Purse 
Most women I know carry a "wallet" in their "purse".

@_date: 1994-04-07 13:02:27
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: I found this a very interesting use of anonymous mail. I am sending itnot to advertise the ad but the process 
Yes, this is a very good example of _real_, legitimate uses of anonymity. Headhunters usually provide anonymity as one of their "features. Another good example are the personal ads.

@_date: 1994-04-11 17:08:36
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Classic Math gone wrong...Re: (n!+1)^(1/2) 
You're getting things missed up with the classic proof that there is
no largest prime number. This doesn't hold in general. Try a=5. 5!=5*4*3*2*1=120. 120+1=121. 121=11*11.
The classic proof goes:
Is there a largest prime number? If there is then collect all primes, p1...pn and multiply them
together p=p1*p2*...*pn. p+1 is not divisible by p1...pn. Therefore
p+1 is a prime. Therefore there is no largest prime number.

@_date: 1994-04-17 13:35:24
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Laundering money through commodity futures 
There is a major difference between playing this game with commodities
and trying to win with a double or nothing Martingale scheme in a
casino.  The casino always takes their cut.  The transaction costs in
the futures market are often much smaller if you're dealing with
significant amounts of money. Many of the people who experiment with
these schemes have very large pools of money to move. You must realize that laundering money was usually done through much more
inefficient ways. Some typical techniques involve double billing and
inflated construction costs. If Entity A wants to move money to Entity
B then, Entity A contracts with B for a big new building. B charges too
much for the building and A pays up. This can be done with supplies
or other commodities. The problem is that you've got a brand new building
that you've got to sell/lease or whatever. So, are there problems? Yes. But it can be much more efficient and much more transparent than almost other scheme. Remember that the flux between
the two entities in the commodities market is not immediately apparent. You don't need to use the same broker. One could use a broker in Hong Kong
and the other could use one in Chicago. You don't even need to trade the same contracts. One side of the deal
could buy gold futures market marked in pounds sold in London and the other
side could sell gold futures marked in dollars in Chicago. The thousands
of arbitrageurs out there will make sure that the markets move together.
(You can also hedge your deal against the currency risk.) Who is going to piece these two together?

@_date: 1994-04-17 13:45:22
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: 'Nother MIT talk on crypto... 
I saw the talk Micali gave on his Fair Crypto systems at Crypto
92. Someone asked him about governmental abuse and he said
(I approximate), "Well, you have to trust them. That's why
they're called trustees."

@_date: 1994-04-18 10:50:23
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Dirty Laundry... 
First, forget about thinking like a mathematician, a gambler playing
or an upstanding citizen of Wall Street. You are some guy A who wants
to move money to some guy B and you want to do it in as untraceable a
way as possible.
The old standbys, gold and gems, are fine, but they are hard to move
safely. Strange business contracts are okay, but they demand some
sort of front operation which takes time and money to run effectively.
So you turn to the futures market for the first try. Lets say you want
to move n dollars. Luckily, both A and B have enough cash and borrowed
funds on hand to sustain a loss of up to (2^i)n dollars. Let i=4 for the rest of this example, i.e. 16n dollars of loss reserves. In 15 out 16 times, the progressive doubling system will work. The transaction will be close to untraceable. The only way that anyone would be able to prove that the transaction occured would be if they could assemble both trading records and then match
the trades. This can be shielded very effectively by trading in
different countries with different exchanges and relying on
arbitrageurs to keep the markets in line. In 1 out of the 16 tries, things will go wrong. You might say they
would go badly wrong if your a nervous criminal B who is afraid that A
is going to screw him. Now you need to get 16 n dollars. But in
reality, A and B are back where they were before futures markets were
invented.  They just need to move 16 times more money. You take a bigger truck to haul the gold.  You do some trades with Van
Goghs and Rembrants instead of Cassats or Sisleys.  In general, many
of the transaction costs for security and other stuff are pretty
fixed.  I like Eric's art example. Just remember that auction houses
like Southeby's try to take 10% commissions, but they can be
negotiated to be much lower for expensive works.
So, if your going to do this, choose i to suit your cash/risks profile. If you have more cash available, then you have a better chance of success.
But hey, that's life. I would guess that many corporations are using similar systems to move
profits around amount their subsidiaries. One corporate financial
officer once bragged to me that he moved a huge amount of cash(~500
milllion) out of a Latin American country to avoid taxes down there. He didn't say how he did it, but I would guess he used a similar system.
Notice that both Proctor and Gamble and Dell computers have recently
sustained large losses in the futures markets. Maybe they're gambling,
maybe they're funnelling money someplace. Who knows?  Conspiracy buffs
might take notice of the fact that Bobby Inman is on the board of Dell
The WSJ article on the losses at P&G said that corporate treasurers
are being pressed to become "profit" centers. I find this hard to
believe. Most CEO's are smart enough to know that 1) they're not in
the futures gambling business and 2) the futures gambling business is
nowhere near as solid as selling soap when you control a large
fraction of the market. As further evidence of weirdness, I offer the
fact that P&G knew the trade was going bad, but kept the position
after many gamblers would have cut their losses. Maybe someone was asleep at the wheel? Maybe something was going on? Who knows. That's
the beauty of the system.

@_date: 1994-04-18 12:39:05
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Dirty Laundry... 
I think you misunderstand what I suggested might possibly have
been happening. If a potential launderer guesses the market correctly,
then they don't close out their position. They just let it keep
losing money because they know that they're piling it up elsewhere. There
is no need to do any doubling. Someone else has pointed out a large company in Chile recently lost
a small fortune on financial trades. They placed bets on the market
and  didn't cut their losses. Another potential excursion into hypothetical guessing might suggest
that the reason the losses were so big is that they _were_ trying to launder a much smaller amount and they found themselves forced to
keep doubling. But, again: who knows?  Don't get me wrong. Bribing a broker to swap tickets is an okay
system, but it may leave too great a paper trail as the recent news
has shown us.

@_date: 1994-04-18 13:20:56
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Dirty Laundry... 
I'm perfectly willing to do a "live" demonstration of money laundering
using the futures markets. In your last private letter, you suggested
that we use real money. I see no reason to do for two reasons:
1) Commission costs and other fees are prohibitive for the small
amount of money that I have. Plus, why would I want to spend all that
money just to prove a point to you?
2) I see no reason to go out and borrow money for what is essentially
an academic exercise. This is a game for the rich. If you've only got
to move $10,000 then cash and Fed Ex is fine.
So you are welcome to add all of the margin requirements and stuff and
we'll work it out on paper. (I'll even sweat a bit for real, if you
want.) Make out a list of the transaction costs and margin
requirements and I'll come up with a target sum to transfer. Then we
can figure out the risk strategy to pursue.
The only problems I can see in doing this well is finding a source of
futures prices. I don't have a live feed and I don't have the time in
my day to sit on a terminal waiting for the right moment.(I've wasted
enough on this argument.) Closing prices are okay, but they are not as
efficient as using all of the noise in the market during the day.
Oh, I wanted to point out one other fact about swapping tickets: It's
illegal. But it is not clear that it is illegal to just place bets
on both sides of the market.

@_date: 1994-04-19 14:43:43
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: More futures trading analysis... 
Here is a paper analysis based on my phone calls
to a few brokerage firms and a forage through the stack
of old newspapers. If anyone has the time to read through
the rest of it, I would appreciate it if you could alert
me to any errors in either judgement or execution. Here are the prices for the June S&P 500 Index Futures.
These contracts have a value of $500 times the cost of
the index when they expire in June. That means the person
who bought the contract gets $500 times the index value.The person who sold
a contract would have to pay that amount. The clearing
house is responsible for making sure the money gets from
one place to another.  If the contract expired on April 6, for instance, then it would be worth $224,025.
Here are some prices gathered from a stack of newspapers
waiting to be recycled. They show the S+P 500    date           open   high   low    close   open-close     range
March 25 1994    464.70 466.50 459.80 459.95   -4.75         (+1.80 - 4.80)
March 29 1994    461.35 461.35 451.00 451.65   -9.70         (+0.00 -10.35)
March 31 1994    451.85 453.60.445.60 446.15   -5.70         (+1.75 - 6.25)
April  4 1994    435.80 441.75 434.75 439.25   +3.45         (+5.95 - 1.05)
April  6 1994    448.45 451.00 440.80 447.25   -1.20         (+2.55 - 8.35)
April  7 1994    447.10 452.00 445.90 450.50   +3.40         (+4.90 - 1.20)
April  8 1994    450.60 450.95 444.95 447.25   -3.35         (+0.35  -5.65)
April 11 1994    447.25 450.90 446.30 450.45   +3.20         (+2.65  -0.95)
April 14 1994    446.05 448.00 442.90 445.95   -0.10         (+1.95  -3.15)
April 18 1994    446.05 447.80 440.70 442.40   -3.65         (+1.75  -5.35)
{There are other days out there, but the newspapers were thrown away or
In practice, you can usually buy futures contracts by only putting
up 5% of the current value of the contract. You can (and usually
want to) put up more because the banks and brokerage houses want
that amount available to cover losses. You need to maintain
5% of the current value. That means that if the price goes the wrong
way and you have less than 5% on hand you have to add more money to your account. This is known as a margin call.
Let's assume:
   Assume that the market will move at least +/- 3 points in
   a day.
   Assume that the market isn't moving too fast so you're
   able to close out a position moving the wrong direction at 3 points off.    (There is not as much need to really worry about this
   because the money isn't disappearing. It's just moving    in the wrong way too fast to stop it.)
   If you want to move $50,000 in _one_ day by opening the
   transaction in the morning and closing it in the evening,
   then you would need to move 34 contracts.
   The 10% margin requirements for these 34 contracts would
   mean that you must have about $800,000 on hand to cover losses.
   The cost of borrowing $800,000 for a day at a 10% annual rate
   is about $220 in interest.
   Let's assume that the market inefficiencies are about .10 to
   open the position and .10 to close the position. That means
   that the difference between the price you buy the futures
   and the price you sell them is different by .10 in the morning
   and .10 in the evening. (.10 in the wrong way.)
   That means you could lose $3400 in trading costs if you can't
   execute the 34 contract trades successfully at the same price. This gives me the following approximate transaction costs:
        Day 1                 Commissions          $200 x 2                on 34 Contr.        (guess)
     Interest Costs       $220 x 2             on $800,000
     Market                     Inefficiencies     $1700 x 2                              ---------                                      4240              Chance of Succeeding: 50%.
So if things go wrong:
        Day 2                 Commissions          $400 x 2                on 68 Contr.        (guess)
     Interest Costs       $420 x 2             on $1,600,000
     Market                     Inefficiencies     $3400 x 2                              ---------                                      $8480                   Assume you guess that the market will move correctly: 50%.
     That means you will have moved the $50,000 by now in 75% of
     the cases. But if things still go wrong:
        Day 3                 Commissions          $800 x 2                on 136 Contr.        (guess)
     Interest Costs       $840 x 2             on $3,200,000
     Market                     Inefficiencies     $6800 x 2                              ---------                                    $16920        Assume you guess that the market will move correctly: 50%.
     That means you will have moved the $50,000 by now in 87.5% of
     the cases. If these conservative calculations are correct, then it is possible
to move $50,000 for $4240n in all but 2^{-n} of the cases. Note, there were about 60,000 S&P 500 contracts traded in the average day. I would guess that even 544 contracts wouldn't make
a too much of a difference. Especially since half would be buying and the
other half would be selling. There are many places where these numbers may be off, but I believe
that I've erred on the side of extreme conservatism by putting up
10% of the contracts' value. Many people who do day trading
have low margin requirements. As you can see, the net profits or loss in the day was never more than 3% in the days I included. And
the list included a big trading day when the market lost plenty. I've also assumed that the market inefficiences would always move
against me. In one sense, this is probably fair because brokers are known to
buy a contract and then resell it to a customer for a fraction more. This leads me to the following conclusions:
  *) It is not cheap to do this well. You could  do it   for less with some more risk.
  *) It may take very good timing to execute the straddle effectively.
  The market inefficiencies are the biggest cost. Being a floor broker
  may be essential.   *) If you can open the position at the same price
  i.e buy and sell the contracts at the   same price, then you've got a good deal. I would appreciate any questions or comments about the details in
this very approximate estimate. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-04-21 16:31:10
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: cryptophone ideas 
How hard is it to reprogram the DSP that comes with a cellular
phone right now? I've never opened one up. Can you just unsolder
a rom, read it, insert your own code for DH key exchange, add
some encryption, burn a new ROM and have a secure phone?

@_date: 1994-04-23 18:38:41
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: No Subject 
This is a trope on the old question of whether an all powerful God could
make something so big that even he couldn't move it. I.e Church/Rosser before they "conceived" of that theorem.
The question is whether there is any strict bounds on the complexity
of making rocks and moving rocks. I would think that making and moving
rocks is in the same complexity class. The effort to make a rock is undoubtably linearly related to the size
of the rock. At least in the asymptotic case. Here's an algorithm that proves it's linear.
  Make a small rock.
  Repeat until the size is big enough.
  Gravity will pull it together once the rock is big enough. So
  this proves that the cost is at least asymptotically linear. The effort to move a rock is also linearly related to the mass of the rock. F=ma. So we can see that these are in the same complexity class. That
means we can't really be sure whether he could make some rock that
was slightly bigger than he could move. The complexity theory really
isn't strong enough to solve it.
On the other hand, creating composite numbers with two large, relatively
equally sized prime factors is pretty easy to do in time linear to the number of bits. Factoring that number still requires time _exponentially_ proportional
to the number of bits.
So if the God had a finite  amount of effort available, (but still beyond the ken of mere mortals) then I think it is safe to say that he COULD create
numbers so big that even he couldn't factor them. Now what if God had a _countable_ amount of effort available? Then he should
be able to factor any number that he created. I think that this follows
from the same proof that shows that the rational numbers are countable. --Peter "I would build my Church/Rosser on this Rock" Wayner
{I keep trying to stop making this pun, but it keeps pulling me back in.}

@_date: 1994-04-27 10:57:45
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Mirrors... 
I was just at a talk at the Space Telescope Institute
that described a telescope that would be suspended
from a balloon over the South Pole. There was no one
mirror. It was a composite of 10 smaller mirrors that
were layed out over a grid. They did all sorts of studies
on the harmonics. It was not clear to me, though, that the array could be
folded up. I'm sure that they needed very careful alignment.

@_date: 1994-04-27 11:00:41
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Liberating Schneier's Code? 
In re Schneier's property rights:   He didn't write most of it. The stuff I donated to the collection
  is freely distributable (but not public domain). I suspect that
  someone else could put together their own collection.

@_date: 1994-04-27 12:02:01
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Liberating Schneier's Code? 
Yes, books are hard to update, but hardware is even harder. What is going to happen to all of those Capstone chips that use
the "old" unfixed version of MD-5? Imagine what would happen
if the Capstone was widely used in the country? It could easily
cost many millions to update an algorithm in hardware.

@_date: 1994-08-09 12:47:20
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: No more NSA supra-computer? 
My guess, and this is only a guess, is that it disappeared for "security"
reasons. They have a habit of keeping the smallest bit of light from
emerging. For instance, no one knows the "Black" part of the budget. It's
classified. But you can take the total budget amount and subtract the
non-Black section and get the result. They make you do the math.

@_date: 1994-08-18 13:35:08
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
It is a fun game to contemplate the powers of the machine that Cray
Research is creating for the NSA. Early reports note that it will have
512,000 SIMD processors. The proceedings of Crypto 92 contains a paper I wrote describing a slightly
strange design for a DES cracking machine that used "off-the-shelf"
associative memory chips built by Coherent Research Inc in Syracuse, NY.
the chips  still aren't "on-the-shelf" yet.) Each line in the chip had 42
bits and a really, really dumb processor. That meant you could get 1024
processors on a chip. They weren't packed very densely and I'm sure it
would be possible to get 16k or maybe even 64k processors on the chip
The processors are really dumb. They take 57126 cycles to encrypt one
64 bit block of data with a 56 bit key using standard DES. At 50 Mhz,
it took 1 million chips to search the entire DES keyspace in one day.
That was 1 billion processors running at once. I calculated at the time that this would cost $30 million in the 92 paper. I've revised this
and I think it is eminently possible to get it for about $2 million
if you bargain with the fabrication plants. This is, though, just a
guess. It was also possible to estimate how long it would take to crack UNIX
passwords. A 2 million processor machine could knock off all 7 character
passwords composed of alphanumeric characters (A-Z, a-z, 0-9) in one
day. Given that the processors I used are probably as dumb as could ever
be invented, I think it is fair to say that 7 character passwords could be cracked by this new Cray in four days. Also, DES could be
cracked in 2000 days using this machine and a very brute force approach.
But let's give the NSA/SRC some credit. These new SIMD processors are probably
smarter. Let's say that they're  64 bit wide RISC machines which can only
access their own local on chip memory. If they can run 2 times faster (100
MHz) and do DES encryption in 1000 cycles, then this means that the brute
force attack on DES could be done in 4 days. Bam. Is it fair to do DES in 1000 cycles? There are 16 rounds and each round
consists of passing a value through an S Box and adding it in with a
key and part of the result. The most time consuming part is computing the sbox result. There are 8 sboxes in play that operate on 4 bits at
a time. Lets assume that they compute the sboxes by looking them up in
a table. If it takes 4 cycles to go to memory and an extra cycle to add in the result, then that is 40 cycles to compute the sbox. The key computation involves several shifts and some more adds. Let's
say 10 cycles. Use the other 14 cycles for book keeping and that leaves
64 cycles per round or 1024 cycles to do the encryption. That translates
into  4 days per DES attack.
Could it go faster? On chip memory access could be done in one cycle.
You might be able to push things down to 24 cycles per round. That would
get you near 1 day per attack. I don't see going any faster.
Is it fair to assume that you can build 512,000 low-grade 64 bit processors
for a price? The newspaper stated that the contract was worth $4.5 million.
Let's allocate $512,000 for the SIMD chips. That $1 a processor. Let's
say  you can get 800,000 transistors for $10 in bulk quantities today. That's
80,000 transistors per processor. It seems reasonable to me that you can
get a pretty okay 64 bit processor with some local memory for that amount
if you strip away all of the cache management, floating point and
multiplication. But this really isn't my area of expertise. I would welcome more informed
analysis. The best data point, though, would be some papers about the Processor-In-
Memory project run by the Supercomputing Research Center in Bowie, MD. This is a semi-public project and there have been some pre-prints
circulating. They built some early machines that added a few processors to
each memory chip. You could write to these chips like normal memory until
you flipped a logic
line. Then all writes would be routed to the processors which would treated
the write as an instruction. There were something like 8 or 16 processors on a chip. I can't seem to find my copies of them. They would give great
insight into the past work of the NSA. Given this, I conclude that this new machine is the first public
acknowledgement that the NSA will have the ability to use a brute-force
attack on DES in about 4 days. It also implies that 7 character
alphanumeric UNIX passwords can be knocked off in no time of consequence. These are all back of the envelope computations about people pushing the
technological envelope. I would enjoy hearing about any arguments or
suggestions that people have about the details. The RISKS? Passwords _REALLY_ need to be longer. DES needs to be replaced by
triple-DES or something similar.

@_date: 1994-08-19 10:12:58
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
It is entirely possible that the Cray SIMD machine will use
Xilinxs. The folks at the Supercomputing Research Center
in Bowie are also building machines with these Xilinxs.
They're known under the name "Splash" and they've built
at least two generations. One of the architects told me
that the machine was only good for "deeply pipelined"
processes. There is one preprint, for instance, that describes
how to do text searching with the machine. (Surprise.)
Much of this should be public because the folks from the SRC
often go to conferences and present information. Two names
on the Splash project that I can think of are Buell and Arnold.
If anyone can dig up papers on this topic, I would be intrested
to read them.
That being said, I still don't really see the advantages of Xilinx.
But this really could be because I've never programmed the machines
nor have I used them for anything. It just seems unlikely to me that DES can be done that much faster. But like I said, what do I know? I would be intrigued if someone
could run a back of the envelope calculation on building a machine
with Xilinx. How many processes can you do with it? How many testing
circuits can you fit on a chip? How fast will these circuits go? What is the big win from pipelining the process? Sure you can build a sixteen stage pipeline, but will you need to put copies
of the SBOXes at each stage? How much space will this take? How
deep will the gates be? What is the gate delay at each stage? What will be resultant speed? The fact is that for all of DES's bitwise 6-to-4 sboxes and other weird
stuff, it isn't that hard to implement in a RISC processor that has
XOR, AND, shifts and fast table lookup. Any answers out there?

@_date: 1994-08-19 14:05:47
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Some facts on the Cray-3 deal 
I should note that the processors on this machine sound strikingly like
the Coherent Memory Chips that I turned into DES crackers.
Also, the SRC's observation that the routing network of the SIMD machines
is expensive is an old one at Coherent. Their memory chips were only
connected with a one dimensional network and Chuck Stormon felt that
this was the only connection arrangement that scaled. This is one
of the sad limitations of packaging. In SIMD machines with multiple
processors per chip it is often impossible to quadruple the number
of processors per chip when a new fabrication process emerges. There
just aren't enough pins available. It turns out that the 12 dimensional routing network of the Connection
Machine was really overkill. A three dimensional one was nice on some
problems, but you paid the price in performance. I'm not surprised
that the Terasys could really run rings around the CM-2 for some problems that didn't need the bandwidth. It does sound interesting
if the scatter/gather hardware can do a good job with the routing.
(It is interesting that this announcement came on the same timeframe
as the obituaries for Thinking Machine. They all said stuff like "These guys were brilliant and the machine was great...but the market
didn't see their brilliance." It would be funny if the old Cray
design proved to be just as versatile.)
All that being said, I don't really think that this machine will be
anywhere near as powerful as the one I described. The 512,000 processors
would probably take about 300-1000 days to do a brute force DES search.
The main advantage is that the processors have 64 bits available in memory, not 42. That's just enough to store a complete DES (or SKIPJACK!!!)
block in place. There is no need to use the communication hardware
to go back and forth. I'll do a more complete calculation later.
I don't know whether they'll be able to add more SIMD processors with
time. 512k words of memory seems pretty small even when there are 8 bytes
to a word.  -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-08-19 16:22:28
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Cray contract info 
I should note that this is almost 10 times faster than the Coherent Chips. Given that there is no need for interprocessor message passing in the DES tests, I rate that this chip could be 20 times faster than the earlier design. That puts it at 100 days per DES attack. This sounds like a pretty fun machine to get. All of the old vector
performance of the Cray bundled with the fun of the old CM-1/CM-2. You could get some _great_ results on specific problems. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-08-23 05:27:43
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Real bankers may be well ahead of everyone on this list. I'm told that
Citibank has some very intriguing work pending at the patent office. It's
for digital cash. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-08-30 07:20:30
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Clipper in the news... 
I can see the advertisement for Cosmopolitan magazine...
  "I was talking to very buff beach volley ball player on my Clipper phone.    (He's just a friend, really!) We talked about the strength of
   the Malibu sun, what to do when sand gets in your sun block and
   whether California roll sushi was really invented there. Then
   I tossed in some  Navy blue words that will make
   those NSA spooks blush coral red. I'm just a flirt... but I guess you
   could say, I'm that COSMOPOLITAN girl."

@_date: 1994-12-05 12:42:07
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: GATT and RSA 
I want to know whether GATT will affect the export of encryption
software. It seems to frown upon any barrier to trade and I think
I could argue, perhaps not correctly, that if ACME in Taiwan
can't buy the necessary encryption software to do business with
CENTRAL in Kansas, then ACME is prevented from competing in America.
BONEHEAD Inc, from North Dakota won't have to worry about foreign
competition. This means that either there can be no secure international EDI standard that anyone can use to do business or there will be trade barriers to foreigners interacting with American firms. Of course, this is just a random conjecture based upon a conversation
I had with Dave Banisar. Is it silly? Or sensible? I'm sure there are exemptions for military hardware, but heck, when
it comes down to it food is the ultimate strategic resource. Where
does crypto lie in this spectrum? Everyone knows where it lies in the eyes of the NSA. Where does it lie in other people's reality?

@_date: 1994-02-15 09:31:42
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Clipper and Traffic Analysis 
I believe the LEAF field is useful, but not too useful.
Here are my points:
*) It helps in unauthorized taps. I would presume that the
police won't have access to the phone company's calling records
if they're just using a pair of alligator clips. *) On the other hand, the system really isn't anywhere near as
useful as the phone number of the person calling. There will
be no map between LEAF id numbers and people. Such a map would
quickly get out of date as people traded phones etc...
*) It might be slightly better than the phone number in
strange cases because it identifies the handset not the number.
Who knows? Phone calls from the garage extension mean one thing
but phones from the kitchen extension mean another. This might
be significantly more important if businesses private exchanges
don't release the internal extension making the call.

@_date: 1994-07-12 13:29:29
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Gov't eyes public-key infrastructure 
Especially given that urban folklore about everyone being only 5 hops away
on the network of life. I.e. Everyone is a friend of a friend of a friend of
a friend of a friend of anyone else. This was sort of troped upon in "6 degrees
of Separation", the John Guare movie/play. If anyone had any concrete data about this, then it might be interesting to calculate the optimum number of people you should get to cosign your public
key. Anyone remember enough about Ramsey numbers and Graph Theory?

@_date: 1994-07-12 20:36:06
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: NATIONAL SECURITY PORN RISK 
I think that the Steganography is just an excuse to close down the place. It _could_ happen, therefore we should defend against it. Of course, every
spy knows that blending in is the most important trick. It would be better
to hide the information in something bland.
On the other hand, a gif-station is one of the few types of ftp sites that
attract enough attention to drown out the one transfer from the spies.

@_date: 1994-07-21 11:54:21
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Jupiter, AC Clark, Ted Kennedy and the Moon 
Did anyone else find it really weird that we were watching a comet hit
Jupiter almost exactly 25 years after we set foot on the moon? Doesn't this
bring memories of the movie/book _2001_? I can't remember what happened
exactly (and I can't find my copy to refresh the cache) but didn't our moon base
discover a slab on the moon that when uncovered
triggered  cool music _and_ a signal to outer space. Then we sent HAL and some
human cargo out to Jupiter or Saturn were they encountered a weird,
exponentially replicating slab of the same dimensions as the slab on the
moon. Didn't this rendezvous happen some fixed amount of time after the
discovery on the moon? Or is my brain just mapping everything together everywhich way. I.e.
memories = g^{-1}(f(events)) where the kernal of f and g is their entire
domains. What does this have to do with cyphers? Well, the slab on the moon was a
cipher. It communicated to outer space in ciphers. The SETI project that
listens to the outer space is essentially an exercise in cryptanalysis.
Kubrick's film was a big cipher that left AC Clark the job of explaining.
Okay, enough. But I couldn't find a better group to pose this question.
P.S. Or was it 25 years after Chappaquidick?

@_date: 1994-06-02 05:54:50
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
Please explain how to forge the LEAFs. I presume that this doesn't involve super-encryption.

@_date: 1994-06-02 14:46:09
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
Of course, Dorothy Denning could simply say, "Gosh, the Blaze result
shows how to make Clipper _more_ secure for the average user. Now they
don't have to worry about the government. I stand by my assessment that
it is secure."

@_date: 1994-06-03 04:48:01
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
Of course, Dorothy Denning could simply say, "Gosh, the Blaze result
shows how to make Clipper _more_ secure for the average user. Now they
don't have to worry about the government. I stand by my assessment that
it is secure."

@_date: 1994-06-03 05:38:32
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Denning and Clipper... 
Of course, Dorothy Denning could simply say, "Gosh, the Blaze result
shows how to make Clipper _more_ secure for the average user. Now they
don't have to worry about the government. I stand by my assessment that
it is secure."

@_date: 1994-06-10 14:00:06
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Time Locks-- Re: Delayed self-encrypting messages 
This is a good method, but let's say that you die in between? What happens?
I wrote a paper on Crypto Time Locks that is a fair to okay solution. It was
a loose extension on a scheme from Crypto 92 for reducing Junk Mail. Here's a summary:
What you want is an encryption function f and its inverse f' such that computing f' takes some factor of n times longer than f. So if you want to lock things up for 128 days and you're willing to put in 1 day of computation time, then you look for a pair of f and f' such that n=128. One example of such a pair is DES with 48 bits of the key fixed. The locker
chooses the extra 8 bits at random. The unlocker tries all 256 combinations
until the correct answer is found. Actually, you want to don't want to use DES, you want to use a variant
that I'll call k-DES for lack of a better name at this time. k-DES is
DES with more than 16 rounds. It is DES with enough rounds to make it
run for k units of time on the fastest, commonly available RISC chip. Note that this is an inherently serial computation. A better approach would probably be to use some sort of triple DES variation
with more fixed bits to prevent birthday attacks. This simple version is succeptable to attacks by parallel machines. There
are better versions that I don't have time to describe at this moment.
You can also construct pairs of f and f' using public key functions. When
you need to choose one of the two keys, set one to be 3 or 5 or some small
number. That means that exponentiation for locking (encryption) will only
take log(3) steps. But decryption could take log(X) steps where X is the other key. Note that the "strength" of RSA is not being used in this case.
Everyone knows both keys. But decrypting with one is still a factor of
n times longer. Copies of the extended paper are available to anyone curious.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-06-17 06:59:02
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Digital Timestamping 
More importantly, they have patented the plan. I've requested information
on licensing and received no response. Who knows what they are up
Does anyone know of any definitive prior art that reads against these
patents? Hash functions are old news. Does anyone know of a published
descriptions of a system that would report hash functions of large blocks
of centralized data?

@_date: 1994-06-22 09:29:36
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Thoughts on the NSA's correction to SHA 
There is one problem with this analysis:   IBM created DES. Not the NSA. Sure the NSA could have asked them to keep
  it hidden, but the NSA was also going to IBM and warning them
  about Russians evesdropping on IBMs networks. Everyone realized it
  was time for public cryptography. Especially IBM. It is not clear
  that a secrecy order would have worked. This is not to say that your analysis is wrong. They classified the
design procedures which was their attempt at a compromise. IBM couldn't
publish the details of how to make a good algorithm, but they could
release the details of the standard.

@_date: 1994-06-22 15:59:08
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Cellular Telephone Experimenter's Kit (2600 article) 
This CTEK sounds like a fun toy and I guess I'm glad that it can't be
used for cellular phone fraud. That would be an illegitimate use. But,
monitoring cell phone traffic is a crime now, right? Is there a legitimate
use for the device? Can anyone think of one? -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-06-24 06:07:38
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Cellular Telephone Experimenter's Kit (2600 article) 
Sure, I know that Qualcomm could easily justify having the toys around
the place. But what would I say to the cops/FCC when they came knocking?
I was just waiting to get the capital together to set up a phone manufacturing
program? Is there any legitimate use for someone not in the business? The best I can come up with is: a wife who wants to track her husbands
progress home so she knows when to throw the steaks on the grill. ("He
always arrives 12 minutes after the he moves into our cell.")

@_date: 1994-06-24 06:08:00
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: PGP is the product of the week! 
"Fewer" enemies? Yugoslavia is now split into at least 5 pieces. Before we
only needed to monitor the line from Moscow to Tito. All the orders came down this line and Yugoslavia did what they were told, more or less. No one
in the US had to seriously wonder about the differences between Bosnia, Serbia,
Croatia etc... We didn't need to monitor the different governments in the
different regions.  The ex-SU is now split into too many pieces for me to count. Some of them
have nuclear weapons that they don't want to turn over. Others have military
ships. Before, it was enought to have a good presence in Moscow. Now you
need to be in Kiev, Lvov, Talinn, etc... North Korea, the Mid East and Cuba are the only places that still need the
same amount of attention that they needed during the Cold War. This is
because they're already maxed out.

@_date: 1994-03-05 05:30:58
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: more steganography talk 
Such is the function of Mimic, available at ftp.cs.cornell.edu
in /pub/wayner/Mimic
It holds the most promise for steganography, in my oppinion.  Unfortunately,
it may be difficult to implement, initially.
Sorry to be so distracted. This is a very interesting topic for
me, but I've been bogged down with more prosaic topics. I think
the Mimic FUnction implementation that I did is a very general
standard for steganography. On the current level, it just deals
with text, but you can make it do bits by just using the alphabet
of just plain {0,1}.
Here are the important points about it:
1) If the grammars are made complex enough, they can simulate
anything you can compute with a computer. I.e. You can encode
data in a Turing-complete way. 2) Even if you limit yourself to plain old context-free grammars,
you still have a class of encryption functions that can be
as powerful as RSA. I.e. You can show that any general program
that can infer the grammar used in a Mimic function can also break RSA. This proof is done by translating RSA encryption into
a context-free grammar.
3) If you use Turing-complete grammars, then the result is
technically "undecidable." I.e. it may be technically "unbreakable." I don't put much stock in this claim, but
it is interesting to note that there is _no_ possible brute-force attack on these systems. I do believe, though,
that there could be many practical "incomplete" attacks
that worked in general cases. 4) It is still unclear how to generate RSA-level strength
with Mimic Functions. The simplest way may be just to encrypt with RSA first. Understanding what makes grammars
hard and easy to grok is a hard question. 5) That being said, I think that Mimic grammars are one
of the most natural ways to specify steganography. There
are many other forms that are Turing-complete, but I think
that grammars are one of the most natural ways to specify
what you want to happen. 6) The process is slightly difficult to implement, but I've
got two running versions (as I've mentioned before on the list). One in C and the other in Pascal. Your choice if you live in the Continental US. It is not clear to me if the software is "exportable". I considered applying
to the commerce department to get a free assessment of the
cryptographic strength, but then I found out that they
were denying licenses to systems that I could break.
So they're not a great oracle for these questions.

@_date: 1994-03-18 13:02:20
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: CLIPPER COMPROMIZED? 
Is the story that Ames sent the secret of the Clipper Chips
to Moscow unlikely? Well, yes. There are no escrow agents because
there aren't any keys yet. Plus, it is unlikely that the specific
design got to him. But Dorothy characterizes the entire rumor as absurd and I don't
think that this is the case. It seems entirely plausible to me
that someone in Ames position could severely compromise the Clipper
system. Why? Someone in Ames position would presumably need access
to Clipper encrypted calls to conduct counter-intelligence operations. Remember some of the first customers will be the DOJ, a good place
to put a mole. So if someone in Ames wanted a Clipper key, he could
probably ask the escrow agents for it and get it, no questions asked. Dorothy uses arguments like Ames wouldn't have a "Need to Know." This really isn't a strong point. Ames is accused of being a spy.
Spies, by definition, circumvent "need to know" requirements. I believe that they found some documents in Ames possession that
he was not authorized to hold. The specific rumor is probably false, but I think that the Ames
case is a perfect proof of what will almost certainly go wrong
with the Clipper system. Someone will rat. History has shown
time and time again that three can keep a secret if two are
dead. Me and the two Clipper Agencies make three.

@_date: 1994-03-28 11:59:33
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Ames/clipper compromised? 
I spoke with D. Denning last week and she told me that she
was not going to CFP because they had a Clipper Review Panel
meeting. She said she wanted to get a chance to go out
to Mykotronix and check out the vault.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-03-28 20:14:21
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: cfp '94 transcript 
And, then they get bummed out when the public doesn't _believe_
them.

@_date: 1994-03-28 20:16:31
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Ames/clipper compromised? 
I've sent this exact question to Dorothy Denning back when they were
working on the first report. I think it got lost in the noise. You
might want to send it to her directly. They're open to suggestions. The first report contained cycling tests
suggested, by I believe, Martin Hellman.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-03-30 11:32:01
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Crypto and new computing strategies 
Analog computers have very different behaviors than
digital computers. I believe that it is possible to
find the longest path in a graph merely by building
a string model of it which takes O(n) time. This
is rusty.
Some guys have also build an analog machine that can
solve 3SAT problems in linear time. They surmise, though,
that the machine must be built with precision that is
exponential in the number of terms. I.e. it won't work. I would assume that any QM machines will _not_ be exclusively digital. This is the easiest programming
model, but someone may come up with a better one.

@_date: 1994-05-02 09:49:59
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Randomness... 
Going in the other direction, does anyone know what sort of random
number generator is included with the Borland libraries? What about
the Microsoft ones? I'm kind of curious these days for a number of
reasons.

@_date: 1994-05-02 14:42:38
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: WSJ article on PGP 
Editorial Page Fax number is:
212 416 2658
This is probably not Bulkely's number. I believe he works
out of the Washington office.

@_date: 1994-05-04 11:02:26
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Double betting and money laundering... 
This is a corollary to the debate on using financial markets
for laundering by placing bets on both directions.
Apparently, casinos are now on the lookout for people who are teaming up to play both halves of a bet. One casino kicked out two guys who apparently were betting on pass
and don't pass on the craps table. Why were they bothering?
Was it laundering? Nope. It turns out that casinos hand
out free "comps" based on the amount of betting that you
do. This is called being "rated." They notice that you're
betting $10 chips and figure that the math shows that you'll
probably lose x dollars per hour. Then they give you free
room and food to show their appreciation. The casinos have elaborate computer tracking systems that would scare privacy activists. They watch you're trading
and try to give you free amenities worth up to some fixed
percentage of what the odds say you'll lose. The article
that I dug this out of said the percentage was often 30%.
(I think it was in this morning's NYT.)
So these guys were betting like crazy to make it seem like
they were high rollers who were entitled to big comps.

@_date: 1994-05-05 05:33:24
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: EFF Summary of May 3 1994 Clipper and Digital Telephony Hearings 
Dr. Farber suggested that at Ben Franklin also said, "Three can keep a secret if two are dead."

@_date: 1994-05-05 05:35:57
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Clipper and Congress 
At one of the earlier CSSPAB board meetings, a bunch of law enforcement
officers came to speak about Clipper. They pointed out that 13 states
do not allow their state and local police to use wiretaps. Some officers
surmised that this was because wiretaps are really valuable in cases
of bribery and corruption. I.e. where crimes can be committed through
talking.

@_date: 1994-05-06 06:42:45
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Linear Congruential Random Number Crackers.. 
Does anyone have any references on cracking LC random number
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-05-06 10:15:25
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Double betting and money laundering 
Yes, there is no combination that will cancel out the house odds.
I'm guessing that the two craps players hoped that their small losses
would be less than the cost of the hotel room that they would win
by being comped. The story just reported that the casino kicked out two people who were engaged in this after one demanded to be comped. The article
mentioned that casinos seemed to want to comp people at 30% of their
expected losses. I'm sort of skeptical of this working out because the expected losses
of two players mirroring their bets with an odd/even strategy on the
roulette wheel is twice the expected losses of one person just betting
straight odd. But who says that gamblers know everything?

@_date: 1994-05-08 16:13:38
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: NYT Op-Ed piece... 
The NYT ran an op-ed piece by David Gelerntner arguing that
the Digital Telephony and Clipper initiatives are a good idea.
He is a professor of Computer Science at Yale University who
is known for developing a parallel processing langauge known
as Linda. He recently received a letter bomb that really hurt
him and he mentions this in the piece. The FBI has been tracking
this bomber for some time, but they haven't been able to catch
him/her. It's in the edition of Sunday May 8th. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-05-09 21:19:38
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: This is an abstract from a talk at Cornell University... 
FACTORING IN POLYNOMIAL TIME ON A QUANTUM COMPUTER
Peter Shor, AT&T Bell Labs
Richard Feynman and others have challenged the traditional Turing
machine model of computation.  A new model of computation based
on quantum mechanics has recently been proposed.  It is too early
to know whether quantum computers will be practical.  However, it
is shown that quantum computers can factor integers and compute
discrete logarithms in polynomial time.
Lecture Hall D (north end), Goldwin Smith
11:40am, Monday, May 9
Any comments on the veracity?

@_date: 1994-05-10 12:17:52
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: A CC of my letter to Gelernter@cs.yale.edu 
I caught your piece on the Op-Ed page. Of course I agree with you about
the fact that there is a need for wiretaps. But I think that there are
serious problems with the Clipper chip. It is very expensive compared
to software only solutions and it is also very, very brittle. First the cost:
        * Every extra chip adds to cost, battery usage and pocket bulge.
        This is a heavy price to pay for something that could be done
        in software. Many of the next generation digital phones, for instance,
        use a DSP. There are more than enough spare cycles available to         do encryption.
        * The high cost is effectively a tax on privacy for the average
        person. It is easy to imagine clipper chips adding $100 to the
        cost of an already digital phone, fax machine or computer. The
        poor are just as much targets as the rich. In fact, they are often
        easier targets because no one wants to bother chasing down a
        fake credit card transaction or bank account withdrawl if it
        only amounts to $75. If a chip was necessary, then it would         be a different story. Software could help all of America,
        not just the rich.
Now the Fragility:
        * The first generation of Capstone chips is already obsolete.
        They're worthless. All of the money that went into fabbing
        and producing them is gone. Why? Because the NSA discovered
        a weakness in the Secure Hash ALgorithm. They've fixed it
        now, but all the old chips are worthless.
        * Imagine that problems arise well after the chip is standardized.
        What will millions of Americans do? All of the digital phones,
        fax machines and modem cards will need to be replaced.
        * Now imagine that a pair of turncoats sell out America and
        put both halves of the key escrow on the black market. If we're
        lucky enough to discover this leak, it could easily take 6 months
        to a year to replace our now worthless phone system.         * Software, on the other hand, is very easy to change. In many
        cases, the anti-virus programs travel faster than the viruses.
These are the main reasons why I think that the Clipper is a boondoggle.
Software based solutions would solve all of these problems _except_ the
government's desire for a firm grip on the world and technology. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1994-05-10 15:48:38
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
I should point out that Pitney Bowes has a patent on using digital signatures
and RSA to "sign" a postal meter application. The patent begins by noting
that postal meters are literally machines that print money. It goes on
to show how to control this with digital signatures. There is some kind
of bar code applied to the stamp. My impression is that getting the info
density on the envelope is a bit of a problem with the invention. But I'm
not sure.

@_date: 1994-05-18 14:57:16
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: PGP 2.5 / PGP 2.6 
If this is done successfully, it might be a good idea to name it
PGP 2.7 for obvious reasons.

@_date: 1994-05-20 10:18:04
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Is crypto cash patented? 
I'm also told that Citibank is processing a patent for a form
of digital cash that was, for most intents and purposes, anonymous.
The patent is still in process, which means you can find out what's in it. But I'm told that they filed it in Europe more than
1.5 years ago, which means it should be open to public inspection.
I wish I knew more. If anyone knows how to fish it out of the
bureaucracy, I would like to hear more.

@_date: 1994-05-24 08:12:39
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: PGP 2.6 
Here is an exchange I had with the folks at MIT who did PGP2.6. I've
suggested that they delay their anti-patent-infringement gadgetry until
PGP2.6 is more widely available for _all_ platforms.  Perhaps you should delay the expiration of old, pre-RSAREF PGP keys until after
a Mac version is available. That would avoid cutting off a large part
of the populace.

@_date: 1994-05-28 07:38:31
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Privacy at Dunkin Donuts 
The Baltimore Sun also ran the AP story on the hidden
microphones at Dunkin Donuts. But they sent some reporter
out to freshen up the story and check the local DDs.
They report that the DD in Severna Park (a nice suburb
of Baltimore that is next to Fort Meade) and the DD next
to Fort Meade itself have the mikes.

@_date: 1994-11-21 15:14:38
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Admiral Inman 
I've always assumed that the excitement behind the Digital Telephony
bill was to go after VoicePGP. My prediction is that the Internet
alone is legal but the Internet plus VoicePGP can't be deployed
without someone building in the wiretaps for the government. Since
no one owns the Internet and no one can add the wiretap ability,
then the Internet + VoicePGP will be verboten. Since they can't
very well ban the Internet, they'll just ban using VoicePGP on public networks. But, you'll be free to use it in the privacy
of your own home. That's my latest paranoid thought.

@_date: 1994-09-12 17:06:12
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: "The Book of Encyphered Names" 
This book can't exist because Arthur Clarke proved that the world
would end when all "Nine Billion Names of God" were listed. Of course,
 he didn't deal with the technical point of what would happen if they
were encrypted.
If the nine billion names were merely a list of all possible  combinations of a certain length of a certain alphabet,
then the encrypted list should be equal to the regular list if the
encryption carries the set in an arc that is one-to-one and onto itself.
I.e. automorphic. But I seem to remember that the monks in the list had certain rules
about the combinations of their letter. That would make it still a
very interesting question of what would happen if the 9 billion names
came out encrypted. If no one knew the key, then the world is still safe. But what if one
guy knows the key? What if that guy is a mute? What if he's merely
an obstreperous hermit? What if he sets out to decrypt the list for
his own personal communion with G*d? (Is my email listing the common "G*d"
bringing us one step closer to glory or one step closer to destruction?)
What if he has access to the neat Cray/SRC machine about which I
carried on so intently? So many questions! (?)

@_date: 1994-09-26 16:25:00
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: National Research Council 
This is certainly true. For instance, I've spoken with one ex-Air Force
Intelligence Officer who feels that Clipper is a bad idea because it
gives the enemy a single target to attack. Grab clipper and you've got
the key to everything. He may care about "rights" but he talks about
security.

@_date: 1994-09-26 16:32:05
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Kennedy in Florida? Blacknet reprise? 
I'm not sure if I could understand why FinCEN would need a satellite,
but perhaps I just don't know their whole mission. Especially since
everyone is going to be reporting every little favor exchanged soon.
Plus, can you use a satellite to grab cellular phone traffic? Isn't the
point of cellular to make the transmitters broadcast at a low enough
power so you can put another transmitter reasonably closeby broadcasting
at the same frequency. If the satellite could disambiguate the traffic
from two different cells at the same frequency, couldn't a cellular
phone substation? But I really don't know anything about this. I'm just being skeptical.
Besides, do they still use the name Canaveral? I thought everything
was named after Ted Kennedy now. :-) (Generation X humor.)

@_date: 1995-08-07 16:09:46
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Two-faced Security Problem? Dammit Janus? 
Not exactly crypto, but the same idea:
I've been trying to hook up an HTTP server sitting on a Mac at the end of
my normal PPP connection. This was just supposed to be a test, but I kept
getting annoying connection problems whenever someone tried to GET a page
from me. The connection wouldn't go through about half of the time.
After poking around for a week, I discovered that my home machine,
newray.digex.net, is listed in the Digex's nameservers TWICE! Once with the
IP address that my home machine is waiting for (199.125.128.5) and once
with some other IP address in the digex space (164.109.211.61). If you do
an nslookup on the name, you get both addresses. I believe that the
technically correct thing for someone to do is to choose one of the
addresses at random to distribute the load between two machines pretending
to be one. This explains the connection failures that happened half of the
This has led me to wonder, though, whether this is some sort of security
breech. For instance, could there be someone out there mascarading as me?
Normally I run Eudora, Netscape, Telnet and other outward bound
applications. It was almost a fluke that I noticed that there were two
Does some software need to find its IP address in a DNS table? For
instance, does Eudora need to look up  164.109.211.61 to find
"newray.digex.net"? If someone was using this software on the mascarading
node, they would need to set up an entry in the tables to make everything
work. They just assumed I would never get inbound traffic.
Any theories on this?
-Peter "More Paranoid Than Ever" Wayner

@_date: 1995-08-16 09:55:27
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Phone call for Mr. Doligez, was Re: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
I don't think that there is any serious worry for Netscape. Their
security is fine-- it's just crippled by the US Government. They
could probably start distributing binary versions of their software
that used full 128 bit keys in several hours. It's just that the
Government gets pissed off about these things.
In general, it just adds more flames to the fire started by the letter written by Microsoft, IBM and Lotus. Their point is bolstered
by this easy attack.

@_date: 1995-12-03 02:58:10
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Why Netscape employees should not leave... 
Of course given the great market success of the other Clipper
products, I wouldn't be counting my stock options before they
hatch. Browsers are not that complicated. Nor are HTTP servers.
A US-only, truly secure system would be easy to build. SSL is
designed to be expanded to include new algorithms. It's pretty
good in that respect.
If I were considering launching a Clipperized Browser, I would
really consider the negative effect it would have on its
marketability and its stock price.

@_date: 1995-12-05 12:58:52
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: another fbi prosecution 
If Monmouth college is like almost every other college I know,
they routinely send
out "mail bombs" to their alumni. That is, mass mailings sent through the postal
service. Given that we've agreed to legitimize this behavior in the paper world,
I can't see what's so wrong about doing it in the electronic world.
Of course, he could have been spreading false advertising which would really
be fraud.

@_date: 1995-12-10 09:44:15
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: NSA rigs Crypto machines according to Balto Sun 
Most of us might believe that the holes in Netscape's encryption
software were simply the result of sloppy engineering. That was
the public story. A story from today's Baltimore Sun  (Sunday
December 10, 1995) gives more reasons to be paranoid.
The Baltimore Sun has been running a long series of articles on
the National Security Agency. Some of the earlier ones have been
largely positive and filled with stories of intelligence coups.
Today's story, describes several reasons why one might believe
that the NSA was party to a plan to rig the machines of the
Swiss company, Crypto AG, so that the messages could be read by
those who knew the game. Crypto AG sells its machines to other
countries around the world who believe that the Swiss are
neutral vendors of superior technology that wouldn't have such
The clearest link, in my mind, was the minutes from a design
meeting at Crypto AG which was attended by an NSA cryptographer,
Nora Mackebee. (She is now 55, retired and living at what the
Sun calls a "Howard County horse farm.") But there are reasons
to wonder about this link. Motorola was also part of the list.
Also one employee got in a legal battle after being fired. The
details were settled a few days before company engineers were
scheduled to testify "that they believed the machines were
More anecdotal evidence was offered by someone who is listed as
a "longtime colleague" of Dr. Kjell Ove Widman, the Swedish
mathematician who "had total authority over Crypto algorithms."
The colleague said that Widman would often travel to Germany and
then return with design instructions. The impression was given
that Crypto could only use an algorithm if it was approved.
But approval is not, in my mind, proof of a secret attempt to
read messages. I believe that the NSA probably did more to
strengthen DES than weaken it during the classified design
process at IBM. But I only have the work of Biham and Shamir to
base these conclusions upon. Perhaps the machines were altered
to make them stronger for western firms using them? The Mackabee
meeting occured in 1975 during the height of the Cold War. The
Soviets were grabbing Western technology left and right.
Of course, the Sun also reports that Crypto AG "denied that
intelligence agenies had ever rigged its machines." (The words
in quote are the Sun's not Crypto AG's. )
So, is this what happened at Crypto AG? Is this what happened at
Netscape? We may never no for certain, but there is a final
warning for the folks at Netscape that is buried the Sun's
article about Crypto AG:
   "Meanwhile, though the company has hastened to reassure its
customers,  business has declined
    and employees have been laid off."
There are two more articles in the series. Tuesday's will report
that "Trolling for foreign secrets, NSA routinely picks up
Americans' overseas calls. And it's legal." On Friday, the
article reports, "The next war will be fought with computers.
NSA is getting ready." You will be able to buy a reprint of the
NSA stories from SunSource. $3.95. Call 410-332-6962.

@_date: 1995-12-12 05:45:55
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: NSA rigs Crypto machines according to Balto Sun 
Thanks for the deeper insight. Sure it was probably a mistake. But someone
made the decision to write code that didn't conform to that design document.
That person was probably saying, "Random number generator. Cool. I can use
the standard C library." or whatever. But that person could have been saying,
"Hey, if I slip this in then I'll be able to snag the session
keys with impunity."
We'll never know for sure.

@_date: 1995-12-12 07:29:41
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Today's Baltimore Sun on the NSA... 
As I mentioned on Sunday, the Baltimore Sun is running a long
series on the NSA. Today, the published an article that
described how the NSA routinely listens into the phone calls of
Americans. This happens in two ways. First, if the conversation
leaves the country then the NSA can intercept it. Second, the
NSA is also allowed to grab local phone calls for "training"
The funniest part of the article mentioned that Henry Kissenger
got both ends of the stick. He relied on NSA to pass him
sensitive information about his rivals. But the head of the
Department of Defense, who got to appoint the head of the NSA,
made sure that the NSA told him what Kissenger was up to.
The strangest anecdote involved a Baltimore Sun reporter who
called Cuban diplomats from overseas. This was picked up by NSA
and the evesdropper openly chatted about it a civilian cocktail
party. The details got back to the reporter. The parties in the
Baltimore suburbs are from the pages of Fleming not from the
pages of Cheever.
There is some debate about the whole issue of snooping on
American citizens. Everyone quoted on the record says it's all
pretty upstanding and good. The paper also gives a fair amount
of ink to the argument that American citizens could be involved
in terrorism too. This seems to be logical to me.
The deepest point made was that NSA could never really assume
greater law enforcement practices because this would involve
disseminating their information to a much larger audience. Since
using secret information often reveals that you can get it,
there is little doubt that people would stop using the phone
system and the other information sponges. So much for absolute
-Peter Wayner
 On Friday, the last article in the series is promised to
report, "The next war will be fought with computers. NSA is
getting ready." You will be able to buy a reprint of the NSA
stories from SunSource. $3.95. Call 410-332-6962.

@_date: 1995-12-15 03:21:17
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: EMF loopholes and [Re: Kocher's RSA attack] 
I remember the first computer I built had a neat wireless "sound
card" built in. The radio waves generated by the processor could
be modified by choosing the instructions executed. So you could
get sound for your computer games by putting a radion next to
the machine! The delay loops for the games contained multiple
paths for different sounds. It was actually pretty good for the
This leads me to believe that a delay loop might not be good
enough. The leakage from the smart card could be enough to
identify when the card entered the delay loop. The difference
between the signal could be significant.
Just a thought.

@_date: 1995-12-16 13:38:17
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: More Balto Sun on the NSA: Infowar 
The last part of the Baltimore Sun's series of articles on the
NSA arrived today. It concentrated upon the prospect for a
bloodless "Infowar." The article began with a hypothetical
attack beginning on January 17, 2001, the tenth anniversary of
the US bombing of Baghdad. In the attack, bad, computer related
things happen like  stock markets crash and all of the money is
drained from the accounts of the sailors in the US Navy. The
article then uses this as a beginning for a long contemplation
of the NSA's future.
Many of the details are well-known to cypherpunks. The NSA is
poking around with drug interdiction, economic intelligence and
computer security. The Russian linguists are being retrained.
Etc. The article ends with a story told by Senator Rudman of NH.
He says that 100 years ago, the houses were wood and we needed
fire stations on every corner. Now, they're made of brick and
concrete and  come with sprinkler systems. The Fire Union might
argue that you still need a fire station on every corner, he
told the reporter, but that's not necessarily true.
So, perhaps Clipper is a form of job insurance? True perfect
security would not only hurt SIGINT, but it would remove the
need for crypto firemen. If you want to have a system that gives
some people access and not other people, then you need a lot of
folks to stand around, sign forms and generally make sure that
everything is running smoothly. Strong cryptography is
automation. GAK requires a large bureaucracy to administer it.
The article also has some anecdotes about how the agency
protected US firms abroad. One company was alerted that its
European competitor was bribing the Latin American officials who
were choosing the winning bid. Also, when the Peso collapsed,
the US negotiators had access to some information that the
Mexican government wasn't being as forthcoming as they should
have been about the country's assets. They used this information
in negotiations.
--Peter Wayner
You can purchase the complete articles from the Baltimore Sun by
dialing 410-332 6962. The price is $3.95.
(See my second post for more info on an earlier article about Crypto AG).

@_date: 1995-12-17 07:02:35
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Balto Sun Followup: Crypto AG a friend of Cypherpunks? 
In an earlier posting, I summarized an article in the Baltimore
Sun about the Swiss company Crypto AG that makes encryption
machines for the world market. The newspaper ran a follow up
article today (12/15/95) that discussed a two page statement
issued by Crypto AG. Some of the quotes from the statement that
made it into the Baltimore Sun article are:
   "Pure Invention"
   "old hearsay"
    "The allegations are not new at all and just repeat tales
which date back 25 or more years"
    [Crypto AG] "has no political ambitions or claims."
My favorite detail, however, was the hint that the rumors are a
"well conceived ploy" to harrass a company that is making strong
crypto for independent countries. So maybe they're cypherpunks?
The rest of the Baltimore Sun article goes on to summarize why
the paper printed what it did. These include interviews with
apparently anonymous sources identified as "several former
Crypto engineers." These engineers told the Sun that they were
forced to make design changes by their boss based upon
"technical documents provided by mysterious visitors to the Zug
-Peter Wayner
If you care about this matter, you should dig up the original
article from the Baltimore Sun. $3.95. Dial 410-332 6962.

@_date: 1995-01-01 12:38:42
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Stegno for Kids 
I was at a birthday party for a nine-year old niece. She got some dolls
(ugh), a Sega Game Gear Game called "Out Run" (not bad) and Crayola brand
secret writing pens (WOW!!!!). There are about 8 pens in the set. You write
secretly with two of them and develop the image with the other six. I believe
the 6 developing pens create images in different colors, but I'm not sure.
It just wouldn't look cool for me to rip open the package at SideShow Pizza
and hog her gift. Then I had to go. Alas... -Peter

@_date: 1995-01-03 22:02:05
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: SAN FRANCISCO EDITORIAL 
The scandalous Finland anonymous remailer is also used for good.
The Samaritans, an organization in England devoted to helping
folks who are thinking of suicide, often receives notes filtered
through it. If someone sends me the right address, I'll send a letter to the Comical explaining this politely. We should stress the strength of anonymity.

@_date: 1995-01-04 09:30:06
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Siegel and Lewis 
Geez, thanks. He quoted me in an article on the C&S problem long ago. I had a legitimate beef because my service provider dutifully kept
many empty newsgroups around just in case someone discovered them.
C&S did and I literally spent 2 hours unsubscribing from all of them.
I seem to remember that he quoted me as being really inconvenienced,
which is pretty much what happened to everyone else. You are correct, though, about this. They seem to draw much more unsuspicious attention then a pair of disbarred attornies should
get. Of course, all attornies deserve caution and suspicion.

@_date: 1995-01-09 07:09:57
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Vinge's True Email name ? 
Of course, he might have used his true name because he wanted to
hear from people. Tom Clancy seems to enjoy the newsgroup created
to discuss his books and he posts there regularily. Many people
strive to become famous because they love the adolation of the fans. Others don't. Who knows about VV?

@_date: 1995-07-16 15:19:36
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Mods to Dining Cryptographers: legal questions... 
You should investigate an idea known as the provisional patent that is
relatively new to the United States. They're supposedly shorter and
designed to give you some claim to the ideas as well as some time to
develop them enough to file a real patent. I can't give you any other
advice except to tell you that my patent agent is also curious about them
because they're new.

@_date: 1995-07-17 10:51:10
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: WSJ on remailers... 
The WSJ has a  article on anonymous remailers buried in the B section. It
is pretty straightforward and ends up quoting some Finnish police officer
saying that they're not going to go raiding remailers on any suspicion.
They'll need a real crime.

@_date: 1995-11-04 05:17:23
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: video as a source of public randomness 
Well, it's true that video digitization equiptment _used_ to be unlikely to
be purchased.
Now, it is often standard equiptment. I recently purchased a Mac Performa
for a Customer
Support desk. We chose a cheaper model that came with a built-in video
tuner. It came
with a _remote control_ that would allow you to switch channels and adjust
the volume
just like a regular remote. It was very nicely integrated and ready to suck
down signal
from an antenna.
While I haven't hacked that part of the Mac kernal, I would not be
surprised if it was easy
to turn the signal into a Quicktime video file ready for hashing.
This was, incidentally, one of the cheaper Performas available at the time.
Your mileage
may vary because Apple is really flipping all over the place on features.
But, now that the cold
war is over, I don't expect them to be offering the Radiation Manager
plug-in any time soon.

@_date: 1995-11-22 00:34:58
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Are there enough FBI agents to handle Digital Telephony????? 
Has anyone ever done the math on the FBI's new wire tapping
proposals and determined whether they'll have enough agents to
do all of the listening? Doesn't a court ordered wire tap
require that people listen in and screen the recordings. Does
this have to be in real time? I can't remember, but I think
there is a fairly onerous evidentiary chain required to use this
For instance, if 1% of America is on the phone during the peak
hours of the day, then that puts 2.5 million Americans on the
phone or 1.25 million conversations. If the FBI wants access to
1% of that, that is still 12,500 simulataneous conversations.
That would seem to imply 12,500 people to listen to the tapes,
right? Would that take agents off the streets?
12,500 agents would cost $1.2 billion a year if they each cost
about $100,000 in salary and benefits. But we need to account
for vacations, shift work and testifying the trials of the drug
lords who are sent to jail. Let's assume that you only need
1/10th the people to handle the two evening shifts. That gives
you a cost of $1.4 billion before vacations. Adding 40% to cover
vacation and weekends puts you close to $2 billion. Let's round
So it would cost $2 billion just to use the information here.
This leads me to believe that they're thinking of building
automatic voice recognition equiptment in the future. What does
anyone think of the numbers?
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1995-10-16 10:42:27
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: The NSA Visits Compendium 
I don't know anything about uninvited visits, but I did once interview the
designer of a major product about getting an export license. He said that
the NSA were fairly thorough in their review of the product. The most
interesting thing that he mentioned was thatthe company had to guarantee
that the data would never be encrypted sequentially by two _different_
algorithms. Apparently double encryption by 40-bit RC-4 was okay, but using
different algorithms was
verboten. This seemed odd to me at the time and I asked him twice about it.
He agreed that it was weird, but they had no problem with guaranting it.
This led me to these notions:
*) Maybe double or triple DES isn't that great an idea. Maybe the NSA knows
some neat algorithms that can create group-like actions even if the
encryption process isn't a group.
*) Maybe there was a communications problem and no one knew what was being
*) Maybe the cryptanalysis boys never really talked that much to the folks
who go around regulating export. After all, denying export licenses for
small details is like telling people that certain small details can
confound analysis. This is a leak of information from the NSA which doesn't
seem to like these things.
In general, I think communications between the NSA and the companies begin
when software companies make unofficial inquiries about what is exportable.

@_date: 1995-10-20 11:34:01
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: _Digital Cash_ info... 
As John Young noted the other day, the publisher is finally shipping my
book called _Digital Cash_. If you're curious, you can see the table of
contents from my home page:
 You should be able to get the book at fine bookstores like Computer
Literacy or through the publisher's 800 number (1-800-3131-APP). If you
like, you can order the book directly from me at the list price of $34.95.
Shipping is free. You can either snail mail me a check or get a First
Virtual account.
Let me know if you have any questions or comments. I would like to thank
the many members of the cypherpunks mailing list who contributed to my
knowledge in the subject. Really. Thanks.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1995-10-24 11:21:08
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Does your software? 
Uh, proofs only go so far. There was one Cornell CS professor who was a
real devotee of "proving" your programs correct. He even published one of
his proofs in a "refereed" journal. Big whoop. It still had an error.
Proofs can help identify flaws, but they can never rule out all flaws.
That's why their name is so bogus. I wouldn't be surprised if you could
prove that the Finger daemon, which is sort of like a really low-level
GET-ONLY HTTP server, is also safe. In fact, your math proving ability
could probably even prove the pre-Robert Morris finger daemon is safe and
secure. If programmers don't think of preventing finger requests longer
that 512 bytes then why should the head-in-the-clouds program provers?
- Peter
P.S. "FC" is your log in and "FC is found inscribed in the writings of the
Unabomber. Coincidence?

@_date: 1995-09-16 12:22:24
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: "Hackers"-- brief review and anecdote... 
I saw "Hackers" yesterday. It's not bad and its political sensibility is
very cyberpunk. The ad campaign even uses the tag line, "Their only crime
is curiosity." Given that a major studio is spending beaucoup bucks to
spread this tag line, I think it is safe to say that cyber issues are very
mainstream by now. Still edgy enough to be exciting to many, but definitely
The characters are just a bit too cool for school and some of the notes
ring false. The evil one, a corporate computer security officer, would have
been better served by someone who is not as laughable as Fischer Stevens. I
could probably hit the escape key on my computer here and he would cringe.
Jeremy Irons or Klaus-Maria Brandaur would have been more inspired. But
they can't skateboard.
I also stopped by the Department of Motor Vehicles yesterday. The lines
were long and I soon found myself grousing along with the guy behind me. He
was about 60 years old and not part of the cyberpunk generation in any way.
After I said some libertarian thing by wondering aloud about why we even
needed to have such a huge bureaucracy centered around cars, he said,
"Yeah. Have you seen all the land they have down in Fort Meade. Beautiful
land and they just spend their time down their spying on the people." He
lumped the NSA in with the DMV. To him, it was just one big bureaucracy.

@_date: 1995-09-17 16:30:31
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: "Hackers"-- brief review and anecdote... 
Well, what do you think of my latest predicament. My first book, "Agents
Unleashed" will be retitled "Agents At Large" because SAMS, a division of
Viacom, considers any title ending with the word "unleashed" to be an
infringement of their tradedress. They came up with enough legal
mumbo-jumbo about trademark to scare my publisher into changing it.

@_date: 1995-09-17 16:39:14
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: "Hackers"-- brief review and anecdote... 
in" -- this doesn't mean madonna stole it, does it?
This is not as odd as you might think once you realize that the rain that
fell after the atomic bombing was black.

@_date: 1996-04-11 04:44:51
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
Hmm. Here's an interesting question.  Let's say that there are 3
satellites in view broadcasting signals f1(t), f2(t) and f3(t).
The way the system triangulates is to compute the distance from
a location to a satellite by timing the arrival of a signal. So
if signal f2(t) arrives at t+3 milliseconds, then the receiver
is 3 lightmilliseconds away from satellite 2.
For sake of simplicity, let the coordinates be expressed in
distance from the satellites. (2,3,1) would mean a distance of
2, 3 and 1 light milliseconds from satellites 1,2 and 3
Okay, so why can't I just tape the signals I get from each of
the three satellites. Let these be T1(t), T2(t) and T3(t).
Assume we can easily synchronize them so that T1(t-o1)=f1(t).
That is, we figure out our coordinates (o1,o2,o3), and subtract
the offset from each tape.
Then if we want to pretend to be at coordinate (a1,a2,a3), we
simply say that we just received values T1(t-o1+a1),
T2(t-o2+a2), T3(t-o3+a3).
Or course, I could be completely missing some neat feature of
DGPS. I really don't know the details of how it works and this
could be completely wrong. Any thoughts?

@_date: 1996-04-24 11:37:52
@_author: CyberiaLON_5 
@_subject: Text-based Steganography... 
I'll be giving a talk on text-based Steganography this Friday at the
Newton Institute in Cambridge, England. 10 am. The talk will
discuss how to disguise data as innocuous looking text for all
of the usual reason one wants to hide something. -Peter Wayner

@_date: 1996-02-17 00:40:17
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Computer unmasks Anonymous writer... 
The Feb 16, 96 edition of the Baltimore Sun announces that a computer
program similar to one used to attribute unknown poems to William
Shakespeare has been turned to solving the mystery of who wrote
the best selling book, _Primary Colors._ The work was apparently
done by Donald Foster a professor at Vassar College who discovered
that both Joe Klein and the author of _Primary Colors_ used these
adjectives quite often:
especially, entirely, fiercely, incredibly, mortally, particularily,
precisely, profoundly, reflexively, relentlessly, seriously, subtly,
surprisingly, ultimately, utterly, vaguely, wistfully
More information will be published in an article slated to run in the
copy of _New York_ magazine that goes on sale on Monday. This article
seems to be the major source for the Sun piece.
If Joe Klein, a well-known political writer, is indeed the author, it
is clear that he didn't learn one of the first lessons of Washington.
If you're going to leak information or quotes to the world, make sure
you use the diction of your enemy. That's ventriloquism Washington
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1996-02-28 17:11:43
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: What's this "Digital Cash" stuff... 
Of course, I'm guilty of confusing the topic because I talked
about credit and debit cards in a book with the title "Digital
Cash." Sorry about that.
But I think the whole debate is really pretty confusing. Real
"cash", i.e. Federal Reserve Notes, are pretty traceable.
They've got serial numbers on them. If it was practical to
require everyone to keep a log book of serial numbers, someone
could really track the flow of currency throughout the economy.
Note that serial numbers aren't that important for paper
currency because the physical difficulty of finding a good
printing press is supposed to prevent counterfeitting. Digital
"cash" requires the serial numbers to prevent copying. (Everyone
should read today's NYT article on the counterfeits.) So I would
argue that Fed. Reserve notes aren't "cash" either. It's only a
matter of time before FinCen starts requiring everyone to report
every serial number.
But while I think Tim's point is well taken and essentially
correct, we should remember that "cash" is term that also often
means immediately negotiable. For instance, many people who need
to trade large amounts will trade T-bills. These pieces of paper
pay interest! In other circumstances, bringing a cashier's check
is what people mean when they talk about "paying in cash." A
real estate buyer who actually showed up at a closing with
$300,000 in $100 bills would be pretty unpopular, even if he
said he was going to pay in "cash".
So, I guess it's all just a question of semantics. But that's
life on the Information Super highway where it may just be
illegal to run the "finger" protocol.

@_date: 1996-01-04 09:14:32
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: New Mitnick Book 
I don't know anything about the accuracy of the rest of the
post, but I was there at
this hearing. Immunity was granted, but it wasn't the same type
of immunity granted
to someone like Oliver North. My recollection is that the
immunity was granted to
allow Tsutomu Shimomura to convert an ordinary cellular phone into a scanner by
typing in the magic combination of numbers. Ordinarily, this
would break the law.
The immunity prevented this from happening. The act was simply
done to demonstrate
just how easy it is to do this. They quickly switched channels
several times and then
turned off the phone. Nothing salicious or interesting came over
the air, alas. It would
have been funny if some bribe deal involving the chairman of the
committee filled the room,
but that only happens in movies.
I don't know who requested the immunity. It could have been John
Gage of Sun Micro who seemed to be running the show. There were
probably transcripts made of the session and for all I know the
Government might even have them around. That would allow us to
get to the bottom of this important detail.

@_date: 1996-01-04 09:55:24
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: New Mitnick Book 
Well, here's another minor error. At the hearing, Shimomura
just used a new, shrink wrapped cell phone. I think it was an AT&T
model, but my memory is faint on these details. I'm pretty sure it
wasn't an off the shelf Oki 900. Half the point was to show just
how easy it was. He didn't even bother to hook the
cell phone up to a laptop or palmtop. Just a few button pushes and
instant scanner. I tried to get him to tell me the right buttons afterwards,
but he was too busy and didn't answer. Sigh.
But aside from the brand name of the phone, Littman's sentence seems
accurate according to my recollection. The transcript should settle
all of this.

@_date: 1996-01-10 02:47:42
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Why I think the NSA should love Strong Crypto 
Well, I often think that institutions and their desire to maintain their
funding can lead to strange decisions. On one hand, doing everything to slow
the emergence of strong crypto allows the NSA to continue to vaccuum up
signals from the world.
That would seem to justify their existence. But there are many people who
can do this without the assistance of the NSA. The FBI has a crack team. I'm
sure every agency can learn to snoop on phone calls. The US Forest Service,
for instance, is meeting plenty of resistence out in the American West. I
wouldn't be surprised if they have their own internal security unit that has
developed the ability to do this.
Now, imagine a world with plenty of strong crypto everywhere. Suddenly,
cracking messages is a very tough job that requires plenty of computer power
and high-powered mathematicians. The Forest Service can't order that up from
the Police version of Toys-R-Us. Even the FBI's relatively sophisticated
team isn't ready for it. It just takes plenty of investment of time and
That's why I say that Strong Crypto is really in the NSA's best interest.
They haven't had a worthy adversary since the Soviet Union fell apart.
But I'm just a wise guy.

@_date: 1996-01-11 00:35:08
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Bignum support added to XLISP 2.1h 
Many cypherpunks might enjoy programming in XLISP 2.1h because the freely
available implementation of LISP now offers support for BIGNUMS. That means
it is quite easy to write cryptographic algorithms that use very large
numbers without adding extra support. The downside is that the language is
interpretted and thus much slower than something like C.
It should also be possible to write RSA in a very short XLISP program. I
don't know if you can do 4 lines, but it should be quite short.

@_date: 1996-01-16 23:35:14
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Crypto anarchist getting through customs 
While this is generally true, I do remember that I decided to take an
overnight ferry/train ride between Paris and London to save money by
spending one less night on the hotel. I didn't get seasick, but I was very
disheveled when I got off the boat. The hours of 3 to 6 am were spent in the
ferry's duty-free shop because I was bored and I couldn't sleep.
The British customs guy pulled me over and started searching my bags and
questioning me. It went something like this:
"Are you aware of the duty-free restrictions?"
"Yes. You can bring in up to four liters of wine and one liter of hard
liquor. Or you can use your one liter alotment of hard liquor on wine and
bring in a five liter jug. Cigarettes must be limited to..........."
"Okay, you can go on."

@_date: 1996-01-25 02:10:06
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: "Concryption" Prior Art 
I haven't read the supposed Concryption patent so I don't know
what the claim structure is. But if they truly claim the right
to do encryption and compression simultaneously, then I've got
some prior art that should knock out such a broad claim. The
paper is "A Redundancy Reducing Cipher" (Cryptologia, May 88).
It's not very secure, but it does do some manner of encryption
at the same time as compressing a file with a Huffman-like
system. The journal is found in many university libraries so it
should be easy to produce a solid counterclaim.
If anyone has the plaintext to the Concryption patent (5479512),
I would like to read it.

@_date: 1996-01-27 05:33:51
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: "Concryption" Prior Art 
I believe the patent applies to simultaneous compression and encryption.
The simultaneity supposedly saves time. That's the big advance.

@_date: 1996-01-28 22:20:35
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: SDTI Patent (was "Concryption" patent) 
Here are the Claims to the "Concryption" patent (5,479,512) that
was just issued. I've annotated the claims with thoughts about
how they shouldn't apply. For those who don't know patent law,
the system is very heirarchical. For instance claim 1 here is
known as a base claim. Claim 2 is dependent on claim 1.
I believe that Claim 1 would be ruled invalid because of the
prior art contained in my Cryptologia article, "A Redundancy
Reducing Cipher" published in May 88. The journal is found in
many university libraries so I don't think there should be any
argument about the nature of publication.
The article describes how to encipher text by permuting a
Huffman tree used to compress data. The idea was to add some
noise to the compression phase of any encryption. Huffman
compression works by building a big binary tree. The characters
are held in the leaves of the tree. The code for a particular
character is specified by the path from the root to the leaf.
Ordinarily, the left branch is given a 0 and the right branch is
specified by a 1. This addressing remains fixed throughout the
compression. I suggested flipping these addressing bits at some
pseudorandomly determined interval. The purpose of the paper was
to do compression and encryption at the same time.
For that reason, I believe the paper reads directly against
Claim 1, a claim that I also believe is overly broad.  The rest
of the claims seem obvious to me because they borrow well-known
techniques from well-known ciphers like DES. "Obviousness" is a
really non-obvious detail in patent law. Essentially, an idea is
not patentable if the idea is "obvious" to one practiced in the
art. Naturally, this is very hard to define and it depends upon
plenty of case law. In my mind, the only novelty is their
integration with claim 1. I don't know enough about
"obviousness" in this case, but I wouldn't be surprised if the
entire patent failed to hold up under scrutiny.
-Peter Wayner
This should be obvious to anyone skilled in the art of
programming a computer.
This should be obvious to anyone skilled in the art of
programming a computer.
This should be obvious to anyone skilled in the art of
programming a computer.
I'm not sure what a one-time, unpredictably code. But it would
help if both sides could have access to it. This should be
obvious to anyone skilled in the art of programming a computer.
This should be obvious to anyone skilled in the art of creating
a crypto
system. Block ciphers are very common. DES is well known.
Key permutation is also well-known. One form of DES uses the
result from the previous block to change the key for the next
Big deal.
Should be obvious for the usual reasons. DES did cipher block
Big deal.
Should be obvious. The method is used in other systems.
The rest of these are just apparatus claims that seem to repeat
the earlier, more abstract "method" claims in different form.
Patent law has traditionally distinguished between an idea for
doing something, the "method", and the machines that actually do
it, "the apparatus." I didn't see anything new here.
<< end of forwarded material >>

@_date: 1996-01-29 03:30:30
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
I believe that David Gelerntner, the professor of computer
science at Yale University injured by a UNABOMBER bomb, is also
a supporter of the Clipper chip. This may or may not be
something that arose from the bombing. But I'm not sure how many
cavaets and things he adds to his position. He may have changed
it. But then he's not exactly a cryptographer.
But, on the other side of the fence, I just passed a section in
_Takedown_ where Shimomura and the FBI agents decide that the
best place for the Clipper phones is "in the trunk." Apparently
they don't communicate with regular phones so they were
practically worthless.

@_date: 1996-06-20 09:58:02
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: [Free Beer] Talk on "Can Secrets be Stopped?" at Comp Lit. 
After the talk tonight at Computer Literacy, I plan on buying a round or two of beers for cypherpunks. It's just a way of saying
"thank you" to the endless stream of information that the list
generates. I don't think I could have written the book without
the help of many on the list. The talk begins at Computer Literacy (2590 North First Street at
the corner of Trimble) at 6:30. It will cover some simple ways
to hide information (steganography) and it will be given at a very general level. The bookstore invited me to give the talk
to flog my book "Disappearing Cryptography." (For info about
the book, check out my web page The beer begins flowing at the Tide House after the talk and questions.
This is the Tide House at 65 North San Pedro at San Pedro Square
in downtown San Jose. They inform me that they offer validated
parking at some garage next door. The password for the evening will be "swordfish". I've gotten
to know some list members over the years via email and it would
be nice to meet you in person. For more information, call the bookstore at 408-435-5015. I would
also appreciate it if you could email me so I could get a preliminary
head count. Feel free to come at the last minute, but try and
send some notice.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1996-03-05 03:14:02
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Bills 
Well, my first objection is that this law could become something
like mail fraud. If the term "data coding" is used, it should be
carefully defined. After all, this letter is coded in ASCII. My
voice communications are digitized and coded by some algorithm
defined by the phone company.

@_date: 1996-03-05 06:09:25
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Bills 
Yes, this is true, but the government still spent plenty of time
getting a library of the standard libraries of commercial codes.
There are books and books about these codes. Naturally, some
were more oriented toward secrecy. Others were just so obscure
that you needed the code dictionary to understand them.

@_date: 1996-03-28 18:29:35
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: WSJ on Big Java Flaw 
Well, actually, the halting problem doesn't really apply here.
Imagine you've got a two tape Turing machine. Then go into the
control function and block out all calls that either write or
read tape 2. I contend it is trivial to prove that no program
that runs on tape 1 will ever read or write tape 2.
It is quite possible to prove that certain mathematical feats
can't be done. You can use algebra to prove that there is no way
to trisect an angle with just a compass and a straight-edge.
Godel's theorem and its corollary work on Turing machines, only
shows that you can't come up with a general mathematical
procedure for proving or disproving all statements all of the
I think it is quite possible for Sun to build a secure version
of Java. It might take many iterations and they might make some
subtle mistakes, but time should allow them to plug these holes.
They're simply trying to make sure that all of their various
doo-dads and extras don't write tape 2. Their abstract model is
much more complex than a Turing machine, but it is much simpler
than C code or the UNIX OS.

@_date: 1996-05-08 11:21:12
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: RSAREF and the Mac... 
Has anyone ported RSAREF to Metrowerks's compiler for the Mac? The PGP project has converted it to run with Think C, but what
about Metrowerks? Also, where can I get plain RSAREF? I couldn't
find it at  Do I need to sign something?
Peter Wayner

@_date: 1996-05-09 02:27:53
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Disappearing Cryptography 
Yes, my service provider, DIGEX, is really terrible about
providing access
to my net page.  I'm sorry about this, but if you need more
feel free to write me.
Yes, this was one dilemma I faced with writing the text and I
decided that a "Scientific American" level text would be more
likely to appeal to more people. In fact, my hope is that many
people will be interested in a presentation of this level
because of the political implications. If you can't find the
information, you can't censor it.
I think, though, that there will be plenty of meat on the bones
of this book for many people. Anyone who reads cypherpunks
carefully and works through the mathematical details won't find
much new here, but I don't know if there is much else out there.
The proceedings from the information hiding workshop in
Cambridge will generate some more papers, but that's in the
Of course this should be repeated and amplified. Many people
post great stuff to the cypherpunks list. I couldn't have done
it without you. My only regret is that the best people on the
list might not learn much new from the book. Sigh.

@_date: 1996-05-24 01:02:54
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: TILT! Counterfeit pachinko cards send $588 million down the chute. 
The WSJ of Wednesday, May 22nd, 1996 (A18) reports that two
Japanese firms lost about 55 billion yen when criminals
counterfeited the stored money cards that they manufactured.
These cards are used to pay for pachinko games, but you can get
refunds wired to an account if you cash in a card. If my memory
serves me correctly, there is a certain amount of skill
involved. If you play well or are lucky, you might even add
money to the cards. But I'm not sure about this detail. In any
case, the people with the counterfeit cards could get refunds
when they didn't pay for the original card.
The Journal mentions three interesting details. First, the cards
were pushed by the police as a means to track the flow of cash
and stop money laundering. Obviously, there wouldn't be these
losses if they could really track the flow. Second, the
convenience of the new cards initially boosted profits because
it was so much easier to play with the cards that automatically
kept track of your money. Finally, the Journal reported that
there are 18,244 pachinko parlors in Japan.

@_date: 1996-05-25 05:32:50
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: The Anti-Briefing... 
I'm sure the "Briefing" is quite impressive and it includes
several strong arguments for government surveillance. There are
bound to be more than a few kids that are alive today thanks to
eavesdropping and the quick thinking of folks in FBI, NSA et al.
That being said, I'm sure that there is also an "anti-Briefing"
that can be given that illustrates that the huge cost of
redesigning the phone system and forcing businesses and people
to operate without protection. Here are some examples from the
recent press that I think are good arguments for why strong
crypto won't change the status quo.
1) A recent video tape on the news showed some convicted bad guy
doing drugs and having sex with one of his convict buddies. They
just happened to be in a side room of the prison that had a
video camera. Some people tried to make political hay by saying
that the prisons were really coddling the prisons too much. But
prisons already have all of the enforcement tools that the
police wish they had. They can strip search people without a
warrant. They can read all of their mail and listen in to all
conversations with visitors who aren't their lawyer. But there
are still drugs in the prison. So how do they expect to
eradicate drugs in the real world?
2) There are persistent rumors that Tim McVeigh et al were under
some sort of surveillance. I know of no facts to back this up.
I've heard some people say that they feel it was part of a sting
operation that failed because the bomb actually went off. Who
knows? But the World Trade Center bombers were under
surveillance and that failed. This doesn't show that
surveillance is bad, it just shows that it isn't perfect.
3) Pachinko machines and cell phones have both used weak crypto.
Whoops. The gangsters figured out how to break the crippled
There must more examples but I'm typing from memory. The point
is that full surveillance rarely stops crime altogether, but it
may make a dent. The question is whether it is worth redesigning
our phone system and computer networks to introduce even more
weakness just because the police can use this weakness.
Some might argue that if weak crypto can save one child's life
than it is worth it. This is a strong, sentimental argument, but
it really doesn't reflect the reality of the tradeoff. We could
spend a lot more money on airlines, trains and cars and save a
few kids lives, but the cost could be phenomenal. The fact is
that government enforced weak crypto is a tradeoff. We pay for
the ease of the police surveillance because we make life simpler
for crooks who make their living eavesdropping and circumventing
security systems. The big question is whether the tradeoff is
worth it.

@_date: 1996-11-05 11:30:15
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Announcement-- Reward for Errors... 
At this moment, I'm preparing the second edition of my book
_Digital Cash_. In order to reduce the errors and improve the
book, I'm announcing rewards of $10.00 per technical error to
the first person to report each particular error to me. They
will also receive a personal mention in the thanks given at the
front of the book if they don't want to remain anonymous.
Naturally, I need to limit this offer. All awards are subject to
my whims. Errors in grammar and spelling are not eligible. I
will make the decision of which person is the first to make a
bug report. If something seems more like a feature than a bug, I
may not pay a reward. Also, I am free to decide upon the basic
granularity of the errors. My decision is final, but I hope to
be as inclusive as possible to reward people who take the time
to write. I want to be as generous as my pocketbook allows. If
this works out well, the second edition will sell more books
which will allow me to offer even larger rewards when I prepare
the third edition.
I'm also asking that people forward any suggestions for
additional topics to me. A copy of the table of contents can be
found on my web page
(  If you're a
company or a researcher with an interesting contribution to the
world of digital transactions, please write. I want to be as
inclusive as possible.
My thanks to everyone who takes the time to consider this offer.
The offer is in effect for a limited period of time and may be
withdrawn at any time. See my web page for announcements.
-Peter Wayner
pcw at access.digex.com

@_date: 1996-11-11 10:38:04
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: DOUBLE the Reward for Errors in _Digital Cash_ 
Last week, I offered $10 for the first person to report any
technical errors in the first edition of my book, _Digital
Cash_. I got many good suggestions for additional topics to add
to the book, but not one mention of any errors.
So I'm doubling the reward. $20 for the first person to report a
technical error to me. The details and restrictions follow this
I would also like to encourage people to continue to send
suggestions. If you thought some topics were covered too
lightly, let me know. This isn't a technical error, but I
reserve the right to reward you anyways. Also, I hope that any
company with new or improved products will write. One of the
biggest problems I've found in researching the book is finding
the right person to contact in a company. So I encourage you to
--Peter Wayner
(pcw at access.digex.net)
1) The offer may withdrawn at any time. Check my web page for
any changes.
2) The offer could be increased at any time, but it probably
won't be. So don't push your luck waiting for more money.
3) My decision on the "first" person to send me a technical
error is final. I may choose to reward both people if it is
clear that they found the error independently. The limitation is
necessary to keep people from telling their friend, "You want
$20? Just send this email message to this guy."
4) My decision on what constitutes a technical error is also
final. Errors in grammar or word choice are not rewarded. But
you're free to write about them. It's not that I don't want to
hear about them. I just think that the concept of "grammatical
error" is so ill-defined that I don't want to get in arguments
in that domain.

@_date: 1996-11-18 10:56:55
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: [QUADRUPLE]-- Rewards for errors in _Digital Cash_ 
I just saw the movie "Ransom" where Mel Gibson gets to be cool
by doubling the reward for the capture of his son's kidnappers.
In that spirit, I'm doubling my reward again. What was once a
reward of $10 for information about a technical error in the
book is now a reward of $40.
Also, I've opened an account with Mark Twain bank so I can pay
the rewards in Digicash. Or, if you prefer First Virtual, I can
handle that as well. Or, if you're old fashioned and want my
signature, you get the proverbial check in the mail.
The details are simple. The first person to report a technical
error in the book gets $40. You're also welcome to make
suggestions for ways to improve the book. I may pay a reward for
these, but I can't make a blanket promise. I'm reaching my
deadline so this offer will only be good until the end of
So far no one has reported any technical errors. A few have made
suggestions that I've taken. I hope more will continue to offer
suggestions for improving the book because they're a great help
and I will reward them.
Here is the ``fine print'':
1) My decisions on what constitutes an error are final. I could
declare something a ``feature'', not an error. Or I could lump
many errors together and label it ``one''. So if I left out a
page, this could be one error, not 200+ errors in the page
number on all subsequent pages.  But I hope to use this power
2) Technical errors are eligible. Errors in spelling and grammar
aren't. It's just too hard to come up with a logical definition
of correct grammar. Technical errors also involve some amount of
judgement, but I think they are tighter.
3) My decision on who is the ``first'' person to discover an
error is final. I may choose to reward two people who obviously
work independently. I just want to defend against people saying,
"Okay, let's mail him this simulatenously."
4) This offer may be withdrawn at any time. Check my webpage for
5) Copies of the book may be obtained by purchasing them from
1-800-3131277 or from your local bookstore.
Peter Wayner
pcw at access.digex.net

@_date: 1997-11-12 08:51:02
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Bug Bounty: Disappearing Cryptography... 
My publisher is preparing to reprint my book _Disappearing
Cryptography_. As part of a general maintence scheme, I'm
offering a reward of $10.00 for the first person to discover a
technical error found in the book. Find as many as you can and
win some cash.
Naturally, there are some limitations to the offer:
* Only the first person to report an error is eligible for the
reward. The final decision in the case of a tie, will be up to
me. The ties will be broken using the time my SMTP server
(access.digex.net) receives the mail. I reserve the right to
give out multiple rewards in the case of a tie or a close
finish. In fact, I'll aim to do this. I just don't want the
situtation to emerge where everyone can send me the same bug
report and feel eligible for a reward.
* Some multiple errors may only count once. Imagine that the
third page was missing from the book. Technically, all following
pages would be misnumbered. I reserve the right to group any
collection of bugs together and label them one error. I will use
this right judiciously to avoid hair splitting arguments, but
not to deny people multiple rewards. The more errors that are
fixed, the better.
* Grammar errors aren't eligible, but I welcome any comments.
These disputes are often more issues of taste than rule.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1998-01-16 04:23:54
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: BUG Bounty... 
My publisher is reprinting _Digital Copyright Protection_, a
book that describes how to use encryption and steganography to
control digital data. I get to fix any problems that are out
there. To encourage people who may have spotted errors, I'm
offering a bounty of $20 to the first person who reports an
error subject to the following limitations:
* The errors must be technical. I appreciate anyone who wants to
correct my grammar, but I think that these types of errors are
too hard to pin down. We could spend more time arguing than
solving them.
* I reserve the right to aggregate errors and determine the
right way to split them up. This isn't a loophole, it's just a
way to prevent someone from noting a pattern and asking to be
paid for each separate occurance. For instance, imagine that
someone notes that I forgot to put a page number on a blank page
at the front of the book. Is every page number after that wrong?
I promise I won't use this as a loophole.
* I reserve the right to make arbitrary judgements about the
"first" person to submit a claim. This is to prevent a club of
people from finding an error and reporting it in synchrony. I
may choose to pay each person the $20 reward, choose one I feel
is most deserving, or even split the reward n ways. It's up to
me. I'll probably choose the first one unless there are
extenuating circumstances.
Thanks to everyone who takes part in this project. Let me know
if you have any questions. In the past, I've found that few
people reported the errors and I'm hoping that $20 will be
enough of an inducement. Perhaps there are no errors there? This
is the best way to prove a negative.
Thanks again,
Peter Wayner
