
@_date: 1995-08-01 21:17:16
@_author: Alan Penny 
@_subject: Munition (RSA) Tshirt Testimonial 
I got my RSA tshirt this week. It looks good!   - Way cool black with white lettering
  - Famous RSA code in 5 lines of perl code on front.
  - Same text represented in CODE 128 barcode
    (several bar code lines look kind of smudgy,
    I doubt that the bar code could actually be
    read by a scanner, but it looks cool!).
  - Text on back: "Warning this Tshirt is a munition,     ITAR section..."
I have worn the shirt out 2 times this week. Unfortunately
no one seemed to be impressed by it :-( Maybe I will go browsing for a Pentium system at CompUSA with
it on this week end and see if it draws any comment/notice.
I got my shirt from:
      dhenson at itsnet.com (Don Henson)
      Don Henson, Managing Director (PGP Key ID = 0X03002DC9)
      West El Paso Information Network (WEPIN)
      Check out The WEPIN Store at URL:
      Order it one or two sizes larger than you think that you need for a comfortable fit!
[  Public pgp-key: email penny at tyrell.net with subject as 'send pgp-key'  ]
[     My opinions are mine. I have scored 90% on the the Turing Test.     ]
[                   Alan Penny, penny at tyrell.net                          ]

@_date: 1995-08-11 18:41:48
@_author: Vicki Penny 
@_subject: Access 
Actually, it's been rather hot, lately!  I do manage to get out some evenings.
We have two great big elm trees that provide great shade.  I also like to
get out early in the morning and do my prayers!  Thanks, too, for your
invitation to visit on Sunday - this is difficult because I am the organist
at St. Peter's!  But, if I ever have the chance, I would really like to
do that.  Maybe there is a weekday service some time?
My husband has subscribed to a service called Tyrell that is based here in
town that connects to the Internet.  Call (816) 454-6788 with your modem
and log in as "info" for rates and features.  They offer thirty hours of
connect time a month for $10.00 and $.75 for every hour used after that.
It's not as user friendly as AOL and we have an older computer set.  You
can get something in windows that Tyrell supports that will make it very
user friendly.
There is a one time activation charge of $9.00.  You can also pay a lump
sum of $90.00 per year for the same 30 hours a month.
God Bless!  Vicki

@_date: 1995-08-11 18:41:52
@_author: Vicki Penny 
@_subject: hard hymns 
list a few hymns I've noticed the congregation having difficulty
  O Come, O Come, Immanuel  - in the new hymnal, it has been changed
to be more authentic, but since people are used to the 1940 timing, they
stumble every time.
  A Mighty Fortress - Same reason as above.
  The Strife is O'er - they do great on the verse, but really, I
have never figured out what they do on the Antiphon!!!  They certainly
aren't with me!
In our congregation - any hymn not previously in the 1940 hymn book!
They always groan afterwards - "we don't know that one."  Also, "we
can't do a new hymn at the beginning, the choir would stumble coming in",
"we can't do a new hymn at the Gospel - too important a place", we can't
do a new hymn post communion - it would interfere with devotion and
thanksgiving after Eucharist and we don't want to irritate people" and
"we can't do a new hymn at the end because the choir would stumble and
we need to end on a familiar uplifting note."  If anyone else has
experienced this sort of thing, I would welcome suggestions.  I am hoping
that our new rector, when he arrives in October, will also be able to
Vicki Penny
St. Peter's - Kansas City

@_date: 1995-08-11 18:48:21
@_author: Alan Penny 
@_subject: Oops, Sorry 
Sorry about the noise. The letter from Vicki Penny was from a snarled
up script that ran astray.
[  Public pgp-key: email penny at tyrell.net with subject as 'send pgp-key'  ]
[     My opinions are mine. I have scored 90% on the the Turing Test.     ]
[                   Alan Penny, penny at tyrell.net                          ]

@_date: 1995-08-14 18:45:09
@_author: Alan Penny 
@_subject: e$: Reuters Smells the Coffee + (cyphergroupie confession) 
I might as well confess now and get it over with. Yes I am a cyphergroupie.
I do write code, but it is not cypher-code, however I do get paid for it,
which along with taking care of my family consumes most of my time.
I have a sliver of time that I can devote to reading mailing lists and newsgroups from the internet. If you will indulge me, I write this letter
for my own amusement and with the hope that it my spark some interest. Hmm, Lately I have seen an advertisement on TV from a credit card
company (it might be CitiBank, I don't recall) describing a new style of
credit card (Ringo Star is the spokesman for the card).
Its name is "Private Issue". According to the ad you can pick your
card design (the picture background of the card), and your billing
After seeing this "e$: Reuters Smells the Coffee" post I wonder if
the Bank/Credit-Card company is easing customers into thinking of
private issue cash/credit as a Good-Thing(tm), or it may just be
some sort of marketing gimick to sell more credit card. However,
I do find the choice of name interesting - "Private Issue".
The recent issue of Extropian Magazine (ya, they can be a little kooky,
usually there is something interesting said in the magazine), featured a
disussion of the privitazation of money (with references to Hayek's book
The Denationalization of Money) and its "compatability" with ecash. When
I first heard about the concept of privitizing money I thought it could
not be done. But lately I have been wondering if it is possible to "sell
the idea", especially after seeing the "Private Issue" ad.
If you pitched ecash the right way it is possible that it could catch
on. I think that the most important part of selling the private currency
to small buisnesses would be if the ecash "works" just like credit
cards. If any one out there is thinking of a real 'private issue'. I
think that this is one of the most important design features for the
potential private currency.
What I mean by "works" like credit cards is not the transaction tracking
bookeeping part, but the physical handling of the transaction at the
point of sale. I envision a card reader machine that you run a magnetic
strip card through. The machine read/writes the ecash card does what
ever cryptographic steps necessary to complete the transaction and the
card is handed back to the customer. Credits are transmited to the eash
bank/currency issuer and the clerk hands the customer a recipt. It would
also be good if the card reader machine could also process transactions
with traditional credit cards.
You could even have a logo sticker that you put on your shop window to
show that you will accept that "new kind of credit-card".
Is the bank/credit-card company laying the marketing ground work for a
private currency based on ecash?  If it is, it is a interesting way of
selling the concept, making it a COOL RAD - avant garde thing to use.
Other selling points of a private issue could be lack of inflation, better
intrest rates and possible tax advantages. Of course the issuer would have
to be trusworth (or at least more trusworth than the guverment!).
Signing off, while shopping for Cayman Islands bank services...
[  Public pgp-key: email penny at tyrell.net with subject as 'send pgp-key'  ]
[     My opinions are mine. I have scored 90% on the the Turing Test.     ]
[                   Alan Penny, penny at tyrell.net                          ]

@_date: 1995-08-23 21:15:32
@_author: Alan Penny 
@_subject: e$: The Book-Entry/Certificate Distinction 
The other night I heard that some of the rules for selling stock have
been changed to allow companies to sell stock directly to investors.
I have been thinking that this may have the potential to support an
interesting system.
Imagine "Portfolio Accounts" with a debit-card like access method.
Instead of paying for an item at a store with money or credit you use
your Portfolio-Account card and buy the item with shares/micro-shares
of stock. Stock brokers may offer this type of service in response the
competition of companies bypassing them. Stock brokers could setup
services that mediate between transactions calculating trades and values
"on-the-fly" (anonymity could be tricky to build into this system).
If the company you worked for paid you with stock instead of money this
would complete the loop.
Portfolio Accounts could be "cashed out" but if they have all of the
attributes of money and don't suffer from inflation why not keep your
stock invested.
This also has the interesting feature of avoiding all taxes. Until you
"cash out" your account you would not have to pay taxes, if you never
need cash out your account, you never need to pay taxes. I suspect that
our friendly governments would try to "correct" this "problem" in the
long run if they can.
Could credit be supported by distributed futures market system?
If you had a stock transaction mediated economy the "currency" in this
system would be backed buy the goods and services produced by companies
issuing stock.
You could view stock in this system as private currencies, and there
would be thousands of competing currencies.
I have been thinking that this might be a viable path to denationalized
Stock certificates could be based on crytographic verification protocols.
If all the stock in this system were 'bearer-based' (i.e., you posess it you
own it) you could also support cash-like anonymity as well.
[  Public pgp-key: email penny at tyrell.net with subject as 'send pgp-key'  ]
[     My opinions are mine. I have scored 90% on the the Turing Test.     ]
[                   Alan Penny, penny at tyrell.net                          ]

@_date: 1995-08-27 20:33:19
@_author: Alan Penny 
@_subject: e$: The Book-Entry/Certificate Distinction 
I think that the point of the news report was that in the past companies
were limited in the type of investor they could sell to (e.g., employee,
stock-broker). I assume what they meant by the report was that a company
under the new rules could sell stock to anyone who asked.
Prices could still be denominated in dollars, but the actual transaction
could be executed with stock value (at the current market price). There
would be an element of risk in these transactions since after the
transaction a stock's value might go down, but it might also go up as
well. I would think that if a merchant had a large volume of
transactions and a varied stock "intake" a merchants portfolio would
tend to balance out in terms of stock increases and decreases.
Oh well, you win some and you loose some :-)
Hmmm, a "micro-spot" commodity market?
[  Public pgp-key: email penny at tyrell.net with subject as 'send pgp-key'  ]
[     My opinions are mine. I have scored 90% on the the Turing Test.     ]
[                   Alan Penny, penny at tyrell.net                          ]
