
@_date: 2006-08-10 09:51:46
@_author: Peter Morgan 
@_subject: [IP] more on news from the UK 
Hello Prof. Faber,
As always, I appreciate your useful list.
Without diminishing whatsoever the probable reality of a determined
it is worthwhile, I think to note the following sequence, which suggests
whilst applauding the efforts of the police in the UK, the attached
political agenda is also worthy of tracking:
August 9, 2006
Britain facing a new breed of fascist, warns Reid
The British Home Secretary makes a speech on Aug 9 saying '"Sometimes
we may have to modify some of our own freedoms in the short term, in
order to prevent their misuse and abuse by those who oppose our
fundamental values and would destroy all of our freedoms in the long
term." ... He argued that Britain's security apparatus was created
during the Cold War in response to the threat from fascism, but that
the threat was now from "fascist individuals".'
August 10, 2006
Airport chaos after police foil plot to blow up aircraft
On Aug 10 (Bush is informed by Blair in the evening of Aug 9), the
Home Secretary says 'a major terrorist plot to allegedly blow up
aircraft in mid-flight has been thwarted. In a pre-recorded statement,
broadcast early this morning, Mr. Reid said that police believed the
alleged plot was "very significant indeed". He said: "Overnight the
police, with the full knowledge of ministers, have carried out a major
counter-terrorism operation to disrupt what we believe to be a major
threat to the UK and international partners. ... At 2am this morning
the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre raised the UK threat state to its
highest level - critical. .. But as far as is possible we want people
to go about their business as normal."
This forms part of an ongoing political battle:
August 1, 2006
New blow to Reid as he loses control order appeal
"The Court of Appeal today delivered a further blow to the
Government's controversial policy of placing terror suspects under
house arrest using control orders. Three senior judges rejected a
challenge by John Reid, the Home Secretary, against an earlier High
Court ruling that the orders contravened the Human Rights Act. In a
move which marks the latest clash between ministers and judges over
civil rights, Mr. Reid responded furiously to the judgment and vowed to
petition the House of Lords to get it overturned, claiming that
control orders made up an "essential" part in the War on Terror. ...
Dismissing the Home Secretary's appeal, the panel, headed by the Lord
Chief Justice, Lord Phillips, said: "We agree that the facts of this
case fall clearly on the wrong side of the dividing line. The orders
amounted to a deprivation of liberty contrary to Article 5."
Why the need to "modify some of our own freedoms"?
Or am I getting paranoid?
Peter Morgan
peter at riversystems.com
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
