
@_date: 2001-07-18 18:28:28
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: I'm looking for FSE2001 proceedings 
References: <3.0.3.32.20010718023100.012fcfc8
It's annoying that crypto papers hardly ever seem to be made available
online.  I wonder if there is any chance of crypto researchers joining
the scientific journal boycott...
The boycott is described here among other places:
Basically the researchers, who are currently mostly in the life
sciences, want papers published freely on the web after six months.
So if you need completely up to date information, you buy the
journal.  If you aren't bothered you can look on the web.  According
to the Scientific American article they have 15,000 researchers
including several Nobel prize winners.
This wouldn't help Alex, though...  :-(

@_date: 2001-07-19 11:29:05
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: I'm looking for FSE2001 proceedings 
References: <20010718182828.A8381 I've been trying to get hold of Hans Dobbertin's results on MD4, which
was the original reason for my comment.  Are these available on the
web anywhere?  I can't find them.
I've seen a simplified version of MD4 in use which I think is an
interesting target for cryptanalysis.  One assumes that since MD4 is
not collision free the simplified version is not.  I would like to see
if preimage attacks are possible on the simplified version.
(Collision resistance is not actually important for the application
where the simplified MD4 is in use.)

@_date: 2002-08-07 22:07:25
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: Challenge to TCPA/Palladium detractors 
References: On balance, I suspect I would say that this is not a desirable goal.  I
can see that it has its uses, but I think they are outweighed by the
fact that I would no longer have complete control of my own computer. "Complete control" means being able to lie if I choose to.
If it is coming anyway, I think the harm would be mitigated if two
features were provided:
Firstly, there should be no discrimination between operating systems.  I
want to be able to run a version of Linux (or any other operating
system) that makes use of the hardware security features.  If I built my
own operating system, people might not trust it as much as operating
systems that are better known.  Fine, that's the way trust works.  But I
still want my operating system to be able to use the hardware.  The
signatures would be for "program foo running on PeteOS", so making clear
to the relying party that the signature is only as good as my operating
system's security.
Secondly, there should be no discrimination between applications.  I
should be able to write a DRM system that works in the same way as any
RIAA-approved one.  Of course people may not trust my system, that's
their choice.
I'd be interested to know what the experts think -- will this
functionality be available to me?

@_date: 2002-08-09 20:56:25
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
References: <8c25bf764b14de9e2d3d9cd24a6d49fb
This is the wrong solution.  One of the important factors in the
Internet's growth was that the IETF exercised enough control, but not
too much.  So HTTP is standardised, which allows (theoretically) any
browser to talk to any web server.  At the same time the higher levels
are not standardised, so someone who has an idea for a better browser or
web server is free to implement it.
If you build a protocol which allows selfish behaviour, you have done
your job badly.  Preventing selfish behaviour in distributed systems is
not easy, but that is the problem we need to solve.  It would be a good
discussion for this list.
Exactly.  This has already happened with unauthorised AIM clients.  My
freedom to lie allows me to use GAIM rather than AOL's client.  In this
case, IMO, the ethics are the other way round.  AOL seeks to use its
(partial) monopoly to keep a grip on the IM market.  The freedom to lie
mitigates this monopoly to an extent.

@_date: 2002-08-10 19:34:18
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
References: Right, so let's solve this problem.  Palladium/TCPA solves the problem
in one sense, but in a very inconvenient way.  First of all, they stop
you running a client which has been modified in any way -- not just a
client which has been modified to be selfish.  Secondly, they facilitate
the other bad things which have been raised on this list.
The reason for that is that we all disagree with you.  I'm interested to
read your opinions, but I will argue against you.  I'm not interested in
reading flames at all.

@_date: 2002-06-24 18:37:12
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
References: Recently there have been a number of articles pointing out how much
money Microsoft is losing on Xbox sales.  To some extent, of course,
console makers expect to lose money on the consoles themselves, making
it up on the games.  However Microsoft seems to be losing more than
anyone else.
Perhaps Microsoft don't care, because the Xbox is one vision they have
of the future.  Gradually it starts running more than just games, but
you still get the ease of use and security of a console.
It's always risky making predictions, but I think that over the next few
years, free software will do in the desktop space what has already
happened in the server space.  There is a kind of economic inevitability
about it; competing with a free product of equivalent quality is
virtually impossible.
Now, Gates isn't stupid, and I'm sure he's aware of this risk.  So we
have various alternative strategies.  One is web services.  The other
strategy is to become more closed at the same time as everyone else is
becoming more open.  That strategy is the Xbox, which may over time
evolve into the kind of tamper resistant system that we have been
talking about.
It might simply be useful that it exists.  If people complain that they
can't run Linux on the new systems, it could create all sorts of
anti-trust problems.  However, even if they didn't try to make money out
of the product, it still wouldn't be free in the freedom sense.
A similar problem to this has already come up, albeit in a much less
serious form.  When the Mindterm ssh client is used as an applet, it
needs to be signed in order to be maximally useful.  At one point it was
available under the GPL, but of course if you changed it the signature
was invalidated.  In this case you could at least get your own code
signing key, but there were problems.  Firstly it cost money.  Secondly
by signing code that you didn't write, you would be taking
responsibility for something being secure when you had no easy way of
verifying that.
I think it would be a breach of the GPL to stop people redistributing
the signature: "You must cause any work that you distribute or publish,
that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any
part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third
parties under the terms of this License."
This doesn't help with your other point, though; people wouldn't be able
to modify the code and have a useful end product.  I wonder if it could
be argued that your private key is part of the source code?
What if the DRM system was cracked by means of something that you were
allowed to do under the GPL?  If they use the DMCA, or the Motherhood
and Apple Pie Promotion Act against you, they have to stop distributing
Linux.  "If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your
obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then
as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all."
BTW, Ross, does Microsoft Research in Cambridge work on this kind of

@_date: 2002-06-24 21:45:14
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
References: <928c41e66854fd5d093509cdcdbddc99
Good point.  At least I hope they don't. :-)
Perhaps it did, but the licence agreement was unenforceable.  It's
clearly reverse engineering for interoperability (between Linux and DVD
players) so the legal exemption applies.  You can't escape the exemption
by contract.  Now, you might say that morally he should obey the
agreement he made.  My view is that there is a reason why this type of
contract is unenforceable; you might as well take advantage of the
The prosecution was on some nonsense charge that amounted to him
burgling his own house.  A statute that was meant to penalise computer
break-ins was used against someone who owned the computer that he broke
Right, but it has an odd effect too.  No legal system gives people
complete freedom to contract.  Suppose you really, really want to exempt
a shop from liability if your new toaster explodes.  You can't do it;
the legal system does not give you the freedom to contract in that way.
DRM, however, gives people complete freedom to make contracts about how
they will deal with digital content.  Under EU single market rules, a
contract term to the effect that you could pass on your content to
someone in the UK but not the rest of the EU is unenforceable.  No
problem for DRM though...
I think lawyers will hate this.

@_date: 2002-06-26 11:54:19
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
References: <200206251536.g5PFa2T22804
Not in Europe though.  EU directive 91/250/EEC "on the legal protection
of computer programs" makes provision for reverse engineering for
interoperability. In Britain this was incorporated into domestic law by
the Copyright (Computer Programs) Regulations 1992:
See in particular s.50B(4) which the regulations added to the Copyright
Designs and Patents Act 1988.
The American cases were, but the European case of course wasn't.  The
DMCA doesn't apply over here, though we have something similar in the
You should hate it. :-) It is appropriate for the legislature to decide
which acts are restricted by copyright and which are not.  The DMCA and
similar legislation hands that right to private organisations.  To some
extent anti-trust law guards against the worst abuses, but it is more
appropriate for the boundaries of copyright to be set by our "elected
BTW, I have been thinking for a while about putting together a UK
competition complaint about DVD region coding.  No promises that
anything will happen quickly.  On the other hand, if people offer help
(or just tell me that they think it is a worthwhile thing to do) it will
probably move faster.

@_date: 2003-04-09 21:15:39
@_author: Pete Chown 
@_subject: Swiss ISPs Required to Log and Store Email for Six Months 
References: Incidentally, this is not true for SRV records.  In some ways, SRV is like MX, but it does a lot more.  One of the new features is that you can specify a port.  Unfortunately SRV is not widely used as yet.
This may have positive implications for privacy, and negative implications for firewalls that do egress filtering.
