
@_date: 2004-07-01 02:52:11
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: [IP] more on E-mail intercept ruling - good grief!! 
(like a phone call) or an "electronic" communication (like an e-mail or
web communication).  The Councilman court said that "wire"
communications are considered "intercepted" even if they are in
temporary storage. The key holding of the case was that "electronic"
communications are not "intercepted" if the wiretap takes place while
the communication is in temporary storage.
whole or in part through the use of facilities for the transmission of
communications by the aid of wire, cable or other like connection
between the point of origin and the point of reception."  I do not know
whether a court has ruled on whether VOIP counts as a "wire
communication."  Quick research just now suggests we don't have a case
on that yet.  I can see arguments either way, based in part on whether a
packet-switched communication counts as "aural."
the provider therefore could intercept the VOIP calls for the provider's
own use without it counting as an "interception."  Providers already can
intercept communications with user consent or to protect the system, but
this would be blanket permission to intercept communications.
expectation of privacy" in VOIP phone calls.  Since the 1960's, the
Supreme Court has found a 4th Amendment protection for voice phone
calls.  Meanwhile, it has found no constitutional protection for stored
records.  In an article coming out shortly from the Michigan Law Review,
I show why VOIP calls quite possibly will be found NOT to have
constitutional protection under the 4th Amendment.  It would then be up
to Congress to fix this, or else have the Supreme Court change its
doctrine to provide more protections against future wiretaps.  Article
at  .
Prof. Peter P. Swire
Moritz College of Law, Ohio State University
John Glenn Scholar in Public Policy Research
(240) 994-4142, -----Original Message-----
Of David Farber
Sent: Thursday, July 01, 2004 12:12 PM
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-08-10 09:50:49
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: [IP] A very interesting question on news from the UK 
that.  It's called "Privacy and Information Sharing in the War Against
Terrorism."  Available for free download in essentially-final form at
sharing/surveillance programs, and then discusses each item on the
Due Diligence Checklist for a Proposed Information Sharing Program
1.  Will the proposed sharing tip off adversaries?
2.  Ends/means rationality.  Does the proposal improve security?
3.  Is the proposal "security theater"?  How much does it provide the
appearance of security?
4.  Are there novel aspects to the proposed surveillance and
sharing?  What
risks, if any, accompany these novel aspects?
5.  Are there relevant lessons from historical instances of abuse?  What
checks and balances would mitigate risks of such abuse?
6.  Do fairness and anti-discrimination concerns reduce the
desirability of
the proposed program?
7.  Are there ways that the proposed measure could make the security
problems worse?
8.  What are the ramifications internationally and with other
9.  Are there additional, privacy-based harms from the proposed measure?
10.  Will bad publicity undermine the program?
Prof. Peter P. Swire
C. William O'Neill Professor of Law
Moritz College of Law of
   The Ohio State University
Senior Fellow, Center for American Progress
(240) 994-4142, -----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, August 10, 2006 9:33 AM
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-05-11 08:28:39
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: Apparent large telco liability based on USA Today facts 
Perhaps your list can spot a flaw here.  Based on the statutory
language, it seems that the telcos face really large liability on the
as reported in USA Today.
       Thanks,
       Peter
This morning, USA Today reported that three telecommunications
companies -
AT&T, Verizon and BellSouth - provided "phone call records of tens of
millions of Americans" to the National Security Agency. Such conduct
to be illegal and could make the telco firms liable for tens of
billions of
dollars. Here's why:
    1. It violates the Stored Communications Act. The Stored
Act, Section 2703(c), provides exactly five exceptions that would
permit a
phone company to disclose to the government the list of calls to or
from a
subscriber: (i) a warrant; (ii) a court order; (iii) the customer's
(iv) for telemarketing enforcement; or (v) by "administrative
subpoena." The
first four clearly don't apply. As for administrative subpoenas, where a
government agency asks for records without court approval, there is a
answer - the NSA has no administrative subpoena authority, and it is
the NSA
that reportedly got the phone records.
    2. The penalty for violating the Stored Communications Act is
$1000 per
individual violation. Section 2707 of the Stored Communications Act
gives a
private right of action to any telephone customer "aggrieved by any
violation." If the phone company acted with a "knowing or intentional
of mind," then the customer wins actual harm, attorney's fees, and
"in no
case shall a person entitled to recover receive less than the sum of
    (The phone companies might say they didn't "know" they were
the law. But USA Today reports that Qwest's lawyers knew about the legal
risks, which are bright and clear in the statute book.)
    3. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act doesn't get the
telcos off
the hook. According to USA Today, the NSA did not go to the FISA
court to
get a court order. And Qwest is quoted as saying that the Attorney
would not certify that the request was lawful under FISA. So FISA
no defense for the phone companies, either.
In other words, for every 1 million Americans whose records were
turned over
to NSA, the telcos could be liable for $1 billion in penalties, plus
attorneys fees. You do the math.
Prof. Peter P. Swire
C. William O'Neill Professor of Law
Moritz College of Law of
   The Ohio State University
Visiting Senior Fellow, Center for American Progress
(240) 994-4142, You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: request for assistance for debate on encryption with former 
FBI General Counsel
Hello Dave:
On Monday, November 17 the New America Foundation will be hosting a
debate on the topic of FBI Director Comey’s criticisms of Apple and
Google for the encryption changes to their phones.  The moderator will
be Nancy Libin, formerly of both CDT and the Department of Justice.
Former FBI General Counsel Andrew Weissmann will be presenting the
Comey side of the argument. Andrew is an experienced litigator, former
head of the Enron Task Force and other major prosecutions.  I was in
school years ago with Andrew, and the debate will be on the merits but
not personal.  With that said, only the best arguments will work.
With that in mind, I was wondering if readers of your list might send
(off-list) resources to prepare for the debate?  Many people, in
diverse outlets, have been writing about these topics.  Although I am
currently in the midst of hiring a full-time researcher, I don’t have
that help at the moment.
If useful, I could circulate a bibliography once the debate happens.
For those in DC, the debate will be 4:00 to 5:30 p.m.  at New America,
address 1899 L St. NW   it will be webcast, and may be on C-Span.
The cryptography mailing list
cryptography at metzdowd.com
