
@_date: 1997-12-06 09:25:15
@_author: Peter Herngaard 
@_subject: Singapore 
Reply to Duncan Frissell:
Mr. Frissell asserts that Germany lacks rights
such as freedom of speech and This is not true.
The German Basic Law provides for everyone the right to freedom of speech,
religion and association.
However, Germany prohibits hate speech i.e. National Socialism and incitement to racial, religious and national hatred.
The reason for this exception is the German history.
While I do strongly disagree with the German goverment on free speech, to lie about
the holocaust and to promote hatred, I understand why they have this law.
It should be noted that the ban on National Socialism was first imposed by the
allied nations, including The United States, after World War Two.
The democratically elected parliament of the new republic chooses
to continue this policy known as Radikalenerlass.

@_date: 1997-12-06 10:56:54
@_author: Peter Herngaard 
@_subject: Hate speech in Germany... 
I think it's true for banana republics.
However, as far I know itsn't illegal in Germany to call for the abolition
of all hate laws.
But calling for the abolition of human rights is certainly against the law.
Changing or amending the Basic Law is not impossible.
The distinction is very narrow since those
who call for abolition of the hate laws, at least in Germany, at the same advocate expulsion of non-whites or the establishment of a dictatorship.
 >
Yes. But taken another European country such as Denmark
this is not illegal.
In fact, I and surely other free speech advocates would prefer abolition
of the criminal statute against hate speech.
Yes. But if the majority of the voting population *really* wanted
to install a hate speech censorship regime, they coould elect
a House and a Senate being able
to change or amend the Bill of Rights.
It seems that criminalization of "flag desecration" to many is what hate speech is in Europe.
I agree, and I am more in favour of the First Amendment than the European Convention of the Protection of Human Rights.
As I pointed out in another thread the European approach to freedom of speech is
majoritarian not libetarian.
The backtracker nations are France and Ireland who  have no excuse for censorship neither of hate speech nor pornography.
I do not know much about German free speech activists.
But I  subscribe to the view that there are less free speech absolutists than in the U.S.
But to be fair to Germany, they do not censor pornography as heavily as Ireland where X-rated movies are illegal along with blasphemous and seditious libel.
France, the country of "liberty, equality and brotherhood" is in fact more censorious than Germany in regard to imported publications.
For example, the Interior Minister can order the seisure of any "foreign" publication, without a prior court order, if it is in the national interest.
This censorship law is very old but is still used.
Scandinavia and Netherlands are the most liberal countries in Europe both in regard
to hate speech and pornography.
For instance, Denmark allows the Rudolf Hess march and the broadcasting of Mein Kampf on local radio
that woould not be allowed in other European countries.
Denmark is also a haven for distribution of NSDAP/ao literature to Germany, Great Britain and the rest of the world.
I suppose the White Power enthuasiast can get everything he/she desires in Denmark without having to order it by mail from Hilsboro West Virginia (The National Unemployance) or Lincoln Nebraska (Gary Lauck's NSDAP/ao).
Fortunately I am not a White Power enthusiast-)
But I know from reliable sources tht The International Jew by Henry Ford,
The Turner Diaries by William L. Pierce and WHITE POWER by George Lincoln Rockwell all are fairly legal, though not widely available, to every racist loser.
In addition, we do not prohibit pornography, and obscenity is a non-existent legal category.
Although I can live without hardcore pornography and White Power, I don't think my country is much oppressive compared to funny France and Ireland.
 > While a US 'leftist'  > leftists indicates that they approve strongly of laws banning This is entirely true.
However, there are few left-wingers in Europe who oppose censorship,
including myself, who oppope any censorship even of hate speech and tobaco advertising.
However, also the traditional right-wing "liberals" and "conservatives" endorse strict censorship of hate speech.
The reason why I do not support any anti-racst organization, except Nizkor, is that most such "human rights" advocacy groups in Europe are in favour of censorship.
In Denmark, The People's Movement against Nazism (Folkebevaegelsen mod Nazisme) is represented by amongst others people who honour Joseph Stalin and who support censorship
of any even peaceful advocacy of racial superiority.
Ironically, they justify their demand for censorship with the Convention of The Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
and The Convention on Civil and Political Rights. The United Nations is a threat to freedom of speech in particular in Europe
where we have no gaurantee of freedom of speech with similar strength as that the First Amendment provides.
It was shocking to observe that states such as China, Nigeria, Pakistan  can influence freedom of speech
from within the U.N. under
cover of "elimination of all forms of racial discrimination."

@_date: 1997-11-12 04:29:16
@_author: Peter Herngaard 
@_subject: 1st Ammendment Tossed in Paladin Case 
This ruling is interesting.
Does the First Amendment jurisprudence generelly require strict scrutiny in civil as it does in criminal action?
In other words, does a plaintiff in a civil case have to prove that the statement was intended  to incite imminent lawless action to recover damages like the goverment in a criminal case?

@_date: 1997-11-19 06:56:57
@_author: Peter Herngaard 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Does the First Amendment prevent the Congress from passing
a law that would make it illegal for anyone who is outside the United States to
set up a web site in the U. S. in violation of a local speechcode?
For example, a German nazi organization could establish a WWW site in California out of reach
of German law.
Would it be constitutional to make a law barring  foreign citizens from violating the speech
codes of their home countries using a U. S. ISP?

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:29:57
@_author: Peter Herngaard 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
But would the goverment under existing law have a right to force
the publisher  to disclose the real identity of the one who wrote the inflamatory message to a foreign goverment?
Does the application of bilateral treaties the United States has with other countries require dual criminality i.e. child pornography, piracy, fraud etc?
 Most speech that would be considered hate speech in Europe would not meet the prerequirement of dual criminality.

@_date: 1997-10-26 04:45:47
@_author: Peter Herngaard 
@_subject: NAMBLA embattled -- mirror sites? 
What is the NAMBLA controversy about and where can I download the site?
If the content is not commercial, that would be in violation of my AUP nor illegal, I can
see no reason for not mirroring it in Denmark.

@_date: 1997-10-27 06:27:33
@_author: Peter Herngaard 
@_subject: NAMBLA embattled -- mirror sites? 
Yes. Sign me up too Declan if necessary.
I can set up a mirror in Denmark of the site.
I can seperate it from my own account at Datashmprer Denmark and put another
user name in the fingerable account.
In Denmark we even tolerate a Paedophilia Society (Paedofilforeningen).
Advocating the right to freedom of speech for paedophilia in Denmark may be unpopular but not
destroying for ono's employment opportunities.
