
@_date: 1993-12-12 14:12:32
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Checksums, etc. was Re:  One Time Pads $5000|Cheap 
In message Sun, 12 Dec 93 10:14:22 EST,
A few years back I was into WORM disks for imaging systems. We needed to be
able to burn an image on the disk, and then go back and set a "logical
deletion" flag so that the records would no
longer be accessible.
The standard WORM device controllers wouldn't let it happen. They insisted
on verifying the checksums on the block. We considered hacking the
controller logic, but gave up as too much of a maintanance headache.
But even WORM medea are rewritable at a low enuff level.

@_date: 1993-12-17 07:31:18
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Inman vs. crypto 
Today's Washington Post has long articles that describe the glowing
recommendations for Inman from the whole political spectrum. His
nonination hearings will be a love fest. I doubt that any serious questions
will be raised. But you can always hope.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-12-24 10:16:23
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Cyperwonks 
In message Fri, 24 Dec 1993 06:08:48 -0500 (EST),
I'm subscribed. There was a little initial activity about electronic
democracy, and nearly nothing else. Of course, you get an occasional
LD rant, but those are instantly unread and deleted - I took the pledge...
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-12-28 14:22:34
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: CACM Letters 
There is a very nice letter on the government's rationale for controlling
crypto in the current January 94  (received today) CACM, by Walter M
Anderson. The main claim is that the government must want to control US
citizens, because no other reason is logically consistant.
And a nice short one from our own CME.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-12-28 14:22:42
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: GPS and security 
This is a bit off list topics. Press D now if you don't like it....
In message Tue, 28 Dec 93 14:01:15 CST,
   The GPS system was designed to have two modes, one highly acurate for
military use, and a low accuracy version for commerce. Since initially
no one had receivers, the whole system used military grade for the first
few years.
Before the Gulf war started, the military needed zillions of GPS units, so
they bought commercial marine navigrtion units. After the war, there
was talk of turning on the division, but that was made
impractical with 'differential' calibration.
To get military accuracy, all you have to do is take the commercial GPS to
known places. Such as the surveying marks at the US Naval Acadamy, or
"ground zero" in the Pentagon. Get your "imprecise" reading, calculate the
difference between it at the known value, and use it for subsequent
I expect that triangulation with a few known sites is better than a single
Last I hear from the Sailing trade press was that the Gov still talked about
going to the split setup, but there was little belief that they would.
BTW, two satellites is enuff for a general location fix. Three identifies a
place on the globe, four adds altitude (handy for planes, bombs, and
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-12-29 15:07:52
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: GPS and security 
This is still off list, so consider pressing D now...
Phil, Thanks for the corrections
In message Tue, 28 Dec 1993 15:03:49 -0800,
Last time I looked, the Pentagon was more than 100 meters in diameter.
One of Phil's later posts talks about SA being in a 100 meter range.
Obviously the Coast Guard and FAA want pretty good accuracy.
Whatever the actual numbers on the error terms are, either a moderate high
explosive, or tiny nuke, guided to within 100 meters of the Ground Zero Cafe
will probably take out all of the above ground portions of the Pentagon.
Look at what a single smart bomb (a fairly small one at that) did in the
Pentagon's favorite Gulf War video.
Similarly, just off the Naval Acadamy's grounds is a huge array of naval
communincations gear. It wouldn't take much to put atserious hurt in the
Navy's C-cubed net.
And you could easily use GPS to get close, and then image recognition for
final targeting.
Seems to me that the important concept here is that this is yet another
technology that the government can't control once its out of the bottle.
The scare tactics, and worrisome quotes about "terrorists and drug dealers"
will cause confusion among the masses, but I can't see them having any long
term effect.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-11-09 13:53:13
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Are we gatewayed to Usenet? 
I think this is a terrible idea. Yes, the list is not secret, and
I expect that half the nyms on it are TLA employees, but
converting the list to a feed on a commercial service such as netcom,
delphi, or digex, is not what I want to see. IMHO, of course, but a bad
Since I'm a netcom user too, i'll fire up rn from the east coast.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-11-10 08:23:19
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Tim May asks if we cypherpunks should oppose the NII.
I think we probably should, but not on cypherpunks.
A suitable list for discussing this topic is
'com-priv at psi.com' which addresses the political and economic issues
of the commercialization of the pure and pristine Internet.
The US Federal government already has a huge infrastructure of networking.
For example, the VA has two independant nationwide networks. On connects
the administrative folks that handle VA loans, college benefits, etc. and
the other connects the VA hospitals. The DOT has a huge net for air traffic
control. The Federal Courts have their own network. Interior, thru USGS has
a huge network, with BLM and other agencies trying to make it bigger.
Social Secutrity has a net, Agriculture has a net and a large payroll
center in New Orleans. I think 'punks are smart enuff to see a pattern here.
Followups via email are fine. Otherwise I'm moving this to com-priv.

@_date: 1993-11-23 07:13:00
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Washington Post story: nov 23 
On page 1 of today's Post Business section (below the fold)
"Bill would ease curbs on encoding software exports"
Lead paragraphs:
"A buill that could signal a showdown between America's high tech industries
and the national security establishment was introduced into the House
    Rgp Maria Cantwell (D-Wash) submitted legislation to liberalize export
controls on software with features that allow users to encrypt data."
I'll leave out the rest to save bandwidth and typing. If some one is dying
for all the text, let me know and I'll email it.
Not much new info, NSA against, indussry for, the famous "genie lack in the
bottle" quote from Conrgessman Gejdenson, etc.
For folks outside the beltway, Congress is trying like crazy to go home
for Thanksgiving and stay there until January. Nothing will happen on this
bill until next year. The release timing was simply to get some favorablelXmas brownie points when the congresscritters hit the local rubber chicken
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-11-27 12:24:45
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: META: Filter Detweiler 
I have to "strongly disagree" with Hal's suggestion that we source filter LD or anyone else. While I am as sick of him as the rest, I think
that Sandy's Pledge is a much better idea. I've been observing my own version of the Pledge for about a month. I even thought about ignoring Hal's post. But it suggests something that is contrary to the fundamental ideas that I believe in: we should be using
technology to improve privacy and our personal freedom. This starts
with freedom of speach.
The obvious solution is for each person to put LD, SBoxx, etc. in their
own kill file. If your mail client doesn't support a kill file, you can
always use the "d" command. Or find a client that supports kill files.
Or even write some code!
For folks that are paying good money to retreive trash messages that are
simply going to be deleted, I suggest you look for an alternative service.
There are many flat-rate services. Netcom is one, and I use it instead of the "free" services that GMU provides for all students. Send mail to
"info_deli_server at netcom.com" with the body "get PDIAL" to get a list of
servers accross the country and some international providers as well.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger           Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-10-08 17:15:48
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
In message Fri, 8 Oct 93 14:08:50 EST,
I have to comment. Many on this list believe strongly in privacy. This
implies that no one admits to being a PTB (power that be).
Others are anarchists and don't believe in PTB. And occasional person wants
to be in charge of the anarchy movement.
Options include:
1. get a rational mail reader (nupop, eudora, etc.) and a rational vendor
  (netcom, digex, world, well, etc.) and read at your leisure.
2. convert it locally to a local newgroup. then use rn, tin, etc. with kill
   files.
3. unsubscribe.
4. alternate plan X.
I have no problem with the volume. The S/N ratio could be better, but so
could my bank account.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-10-27 07:10:47
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: help writing code 
I've spent the summer working on a SMTP/POP client that runs under
MS-Windows.  There are two ideas behind it. First, widespread acceptance of
global communication will require that mass market user don't have to learn
vi/emacs/... and Second, once the email composing and reading is done on a
local, controlled PC, we can trivially pipe messages in and out of PGP,
RIPEM, or your favorite encryption algorithm. This second part will allow
folks to send all their mail encrypted, which will not only spread the
word, but hurt traffic analysis.
But, I need help. I've got all the front-end stuff working, and can handle
the SMTP/POP protocols. But I can't get Windows to talk reliably with a
raw async link. (I don't want to require SLIP or PPP, as lots of sites
are too clueless to offer it.)
I need a robust communications library. It has to do as well as possible
given an inherantly inreliable link. I've bought three commercial sibraries,
and none work.
Cypherpunks write code. I've been trying. If someone wants to help,
please reply, and we can work out detailed specs of the API I have in mind.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-10-27 09:12:41
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Help writing code 
Let me quickly try to clear up some confusion. I've gotten several replies
(real quick response) that are answering a different question.
I'm not trying to reimplement TCP/IP. I'm trying to provide a Windows
version of NUpop, which is a DOS program that works fine over a
simple serial line. Most folks automatically associate SMTP/POP with
TCP/IP, but there is no connection. Admittedly they work better with
a robust, end to end protocol. But I've been using NUpop for a year
over a non-TCP/IP line. I get hundreds of messages a day. It works.
But there are no sources available to NUpop, it is a DOS program,
and it doesn't support piping messages thru PGP/RIPEM/...
I have lots of DOS libraries that do exactly the simple things I need. I
don't want to use DOS, I want native Windows code.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-10-27 09:37:54
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: help writing code 
In message Wed, 27 Oct 1993 10:10:04 -0600 (MDT),
A 16550 is clearly a big help, but Microsoft admits that their
comm.drv fails often when you are using speeds greater than 4800. I have
16550's in my PC. A step in the right direction is TurboComm, a replacement
driver, but that is expensive. A hardware solution is to use an intellegent
serial card, like Hayes ESP or Telcor's T/Port. An O/S solution is to use a
real operating system, :-)  I want a no cost, MS-Windows solution.
But I think folks read too much into my use of "robust"
NUpop works fine as a DOS program without end-to-end.
I simply want that functionality in a Windows program. No more, no less.
I'm aiming low end, the mass market with a 386sx and a 2400 modem. Folks
like me with a network of PCs in their house and even cypherpunks are not
my market. The English majors, history and art majors are the folks I
envision when I see a "user"
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-04-01 05:21:49
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: anon-mail article in LA Times 
Today's Washington Post's Business section (page F2) has the same article
by Michael Schrage. He is acknowledged as a LA Times  columnist.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-04-03 10:27:40
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: VISA's digital cash 
Today's (April 3) Washington Post business section has an article on
a consortium of VISA and banks working on a digital cash card.
Did I sleep thru the messages, or has the list been scooped?
Basic story is that the card is a smartcard, designed to be reused,
and suitable for small quantities. Nothing in the article about what would
prevent it from storing large amounts. No serious technical discussion
either, but I infer that it is an online cash card.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-04-06 05:44:36
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Reinventing the wheel, was Re:  Proposal: some more standard remailer features 
One major reason that I pay attention to the IETF-EDI discussions on
EDI over the Internet it to make sure that someone brings up
encrypting EDI transactions. I'm convinced that EDI over the 'net will
explode, and strong encryption (PGP, PEM, etc.) will be required.
The IETF-EDI is basing their work on MIME. While it isn't perfect,
it is an existing standard, has a published RFC, etc.
I strongly second Hal's suggestion that developers of mailers and remailers
look at MIME and use it as a starting point.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-04-10 15:27:01
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: MacPGP and AOL 
Jim Bodzos of RSA has a simple plan that goes roughly like this: if you
make money off of RSA, he makes money. CompuServ pulled PGP a long time
ago, way before PRZ's lawsuit, because they were the only ones making money
off PGP in the country -- all those $$ for download fees. EFF had it in
their forum, as did several others, all were pulled.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-04-11 02:59:25
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Code review is requested. 
In Cryptosystems Journal, published by Tony S Patti, Volume 2 Number 2
is a description, circuit board layouts, parts list, etc. for Ranger
hardware RNG. It produced 6,750 bits per second into the parallel port of a
standard PC. The author says that you can build a Ranger for less than $40
worth of parts.
Cryptosystyems Journal
P.O. Box 188
Newtown PA 18940-0188
I have not seen any reviews of this device, but it has been arround for a
while, and may have been covered before I got interested in the field.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-04-17 06:44:45
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Laundering money through commodity futures 
hughes at ah.com (Eric Hughes)  posts to C'punks:
On the OP-Ed page of the WSJ a week ago thursday (page A14) is an article
that describes a way to make a $100,000 bribe look like extrodinary luck
in the cattle futures market.
The trick that both the initial poster and Eric missed is that you don't
guess. You need a shady broker who makes a saddle - both side of the trade -
and doesn't register either. Once the market has moved, one will post a
gain, and the other a loss. So you could, hypothetically of course,
post the loser to a huge poultry conglmerate, and the winner to a successful
laywer's account. The Poultry firm would write it off as a normal market
loss that was protecting their operations. The laywer would claim that she
read the WSJ and was lucky.
But untracable electronic markets will have lots of transactions, so there
will be lots of ways to play these games. This is what drives the taxman
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-04-17 12:46:01
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Key Eater Needed. NOT! 
I have no problem with periodic deletion of keys from keyservers. They are
interesting, but not a very important part of strong crypto (IMHO).
My objection is to anything that makes the key itself invalid over a period
that I don't chose.
I'm not sure what problem you are trying to solve. Loading the whole public
ring from the servers exceeds my definition of reasonable procesing now.
Since the number of keys keeps growing, I expect that it will never be
SOP to munge all of them. You will get keys directly, or get a few specific
ones on demand.
If you're just trying to save disk space on the keyservers, I'm not all that
sure it is worth the effort. Disks are cheap, and getting cheaper. But
your approach is as good as any. I know there are lots of keys on the
servers that are no longer active -- I collected a few hundred that I
exchanged with Phil K two years ago, and know many are unused starting with
strnlght, the folks at CERT, and Brad Cox's key of that vintage. Even if a
fair percentage, say 25% are dead, the savings are pretty trivial.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-11 21:31:49
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Subject: Computer services in DTB was: Are Remailers Liable for What They Remail? 
I was looking thru the text of an early markup of the bill today, and it
includes information service providers. I'll go out to my car and get the
page and cite.
At today's congressional hearing, they did NOT provide text of the bill.
EFF sold out, and I'd love to know why.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-11 21:32:10
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Crime Bill FAILED to pass 
Yes, that is good news. And at the same time Digital Telophony looks like
a lock to pass.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-12 07:31:36
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Computer services NOT in DTB was: Are Remailers Liable for What They Remail? 
I misread the wording of the bill. It carefully defines information service
providers, and then many pages later says that they are not covered
by the requirements of the bill.
At least this is the text of the hardcopy that I have, and in the
text files in the ftp.eff.org files. (The EFF files seem to be
exactly what I have, except for formatting, etc.)
Since it explicitly excludes information service firms, I expect that
remailer operators are safe from this one.
I appologise for any confusion I've caused. And I still think the bill
is a crock.
The bill has not been thru "markup" so the wordings, inclusions and
exclusions may change. Some bills even go thru markup after they
are voted on. This may be one of those, altho with the defeat of
crime bill, the politicians are pretty busy today.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-12 09:30:38
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DTB a lock RE: EFF sells out 
The EFF's justification/analyis of DTB says:
On the Hill yesterday, Don Edwards (D-CA) and house side sponsor of the bill
said that without Jerry's help, there would be no bill. (Someone
at EPIC or EFF should have the exact quote wording, but I've got the
meaning here.)
If they are against it, why are they crafting and creating it?
But this is straying from the creed. I'm off to try Phil's DES code
under MS's 32 bit C++ compiler.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-20 10:45:49
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Another Denning's view 
There is another Professor Denning who is chair of a CS department
in the Washington DC area. Here is a position paper that was
published in a packet distributed at the 1992 Computers, Freedom, and
Privacy conference (CFP-2) Washington DC.
It is interesting to contrast this with the support for GAK that the
other Prof. Denning supported publicly. Of course, this is dated,
and the positions held may no longer be current.
BTW: does anyone know the RSA keylength used in Lotus Notes?
===============begin quoted material================
PUBLIC POLICY FOR THE 21ST CENTURY
A position statement
Peter J. Denning
DRAFT 1/22/92
To plan for the 21st century, must begin with an understanding
of the current clearing in which we live and work and then
anticipate the emerging clearing.  Our public policy must be
appropriate to the times.
The clearing is a metaphor for the space of assumptions,
agreements, and traditions in which a community of people live
and act.  The name recalls a clearing in a forest: a space among
dense trees with more light and with more freedom of action than
elsewhere in the forest, a space to dwell in and chart a course
to other parts of the forest.  The clearing is not fixed: it
shifts as the inhabitants and other influences change the
environmental conditions.
Starting around 1850, people of many countries looked to their
governments to regulate commerce, erase inequality, and build
societies of better human beings.  For over a hundred years,
many people from peasents to intellectuals had faith that strong
governments would bring them a better life.  This faith was part
of the clearing in which communist governments flourished.
Although the United States took an anticommunist stand, the same
faith fostered a strong government that promised salvation by
great national programs including Social Security, Welfare, Food
Stamps, the War on Poverty, and the Great Society.
This faith is now shattered.  People no longer trust that
Powerful Government can deliver a better life.  The dramatic
collapse of communism in Europe and the Soviet Union illustrates
this, as does the growing disillusionment of the American people
with federal, state, and local governments.  Disillusionment
does not stop people from demanding that government provide
more, but they now have serious doubts that it can or will.
But the poor track record of Powerful Governments is not the
only reason for the shift in the clearing.  Information
technology has accelerated the process.  Communications that
took weeks in the last century now take fractions of a second.
Business success depends on what happens around the globee, not
on local conditions.  Radio, TV, telephone, fax, and now email
are so common worldwide that not even a Powerful Government can
control what information its citizens have.  Because the space
of opportunity for people to engage in transactions has been so
enormously enlarged in the past decade, faith in marketplace
democracies is on the rise worldwide.  Correspondingly, faith in
central management mechanisms is on the decline.
The shift of the clearing brings with it a shift of the power of
institutions.  Government institutions tend to try to hold on to
their power by regulatory coercion to enforce the old ways.
This can produce big tensions which if not alleviated can
produce breakage.
Nowhere can this be seen more clearly than in cryptographic
technology.  This technology provides mechanisms for digital
signatures, authentication, electronic money, certificates, and
private communication -- offeringla way for standard business
practices based on paper to be shifted to electronic media.  The
success of workldwide enterprises depends on this shift being
completed rapidly and effectively.  As more people realize this,
the momentum for incorporating cryptographic technology into the
information infrastructure is increasing.
But in the United States, the National Security Agency has been
given the authority to regulate cryptography.  This authority
was granted in another time, in a clearing when the success of
the country depended on the ability of its government to gather
intellegence and to communicate in secret.  These premises made
sense in a world where most of the power resided in
governments.  But the world is changing.  Much economic power is
now accumulating in large, apolitical, transnational
corporations.  These organizations place their own concerns and
strategies ahead of those of the governments of the countries in
which they do business.  Like governments, they are interested
in gathering intellegence about competitors and in conducting
business in private.  Unlike governments, they want open access
to the technologies of authentification, electronic money, digital
signatures, and certificates that will allow them to conduct
business transactions accross the network.
So the old notion of national power and national security are
increased when government has the sole right to gather
intellegence and to encipher communications no longer holds.
Now the strength of the country depends not only on its government
but on its corporations.  The old premises have fallen away in
this new reality, but the old policy remains.  It is time to
rethink that policy before tensions between the threatened
government and corporations produce significant social tension
and perhaps breakage.
A new policy aligned with the new clearing would be for the
National Security Agency to make its expertise available to the
private sector, encabling markets to flourish in a worldwide
information medium.
Information technology in producing a clearing in which
individuals and corporations are key players besides
government.  Any attempt by government to control the flow of
information over networks will be ignored or met with outright
hostility.  There is no practical way that government can
control information except information directly involved in the
business of governing.  It should not try.
===============end quoted material=======================
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-21 21:31:51
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Snore...Re: e$: buyinfo, internet commerce, and GMU 
Longtime c'punks push D now...
Just in case we have a zillion newbies, which I doubt, but judging from the
email I've gotten on the PJD piece, I can't tell...
I'm at GMU, as are Peter J Denning, the SO of Dorothy Denning, and lots of
other folks who agree or disagree with c'punks, including the department of
PSOL which is a spinnoff of the Econ department (which hard-core
pro-market), Brad Cox of Objective C and superdistribution fame, etc. Peter
was my MS/CS advisor, and may still be my PhD commitee chair.  Please at
least look at the .sig.
The GMU econ/PSOL folks were heavily into AMIX, which was a commercial
Cox is getting a lot of press and is positioning his team to get some
serious NIS&T money. There are serious privacy problems with Cox's
superdistribution. There may be solutions, but so far, nothing that I've
seen mitigates the 1984 aspects of Cox's ideas.
I agree with Tim's comments on the snore factor of IMP-interest. Those folks
couldn't get past credit, let alone get into untracable digital cash.
If you take the time to read the PJD post that I sent out, even non-c'punks
see digital cash, credentials without identity, and other technological
ideas as both good and inevitable. Of course, six months ago, it looked like
eric and sandy were starting the first intergalictic bank of e$. I was ready
to sign up and deposit real money so I could join Tim in the Caribbean RSN.
Gee, I thought you got 180 days in country once you are an official
Ex-patriot. That is a lot of partying...
Yo Tim, where is the F-ing FAQ so the newbies can have a clue?
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-24 21:42:45
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Computer Security Conference & Exibit 
I gave a presentation at the one last year, hung arround checking out
the others. Bill Murray gave a nice pitch about PGP, how bad
Clipper/skipjack was, DERD gave her usual technical discussion of Clipper.
I'm up for a keyswap, or beer drinking, or anti-GAK session.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-26 06:06:11
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Fast modular exponentiation 
Back in the days of Mix, Knuth worked out the model. But with modern
pipelined chips with significant on-chip cache, the model becomes
too complex to solve arithmetically.
The usual solution is to use Berkeley's Architect's Work Bench (AWB)
which allows you to model the chip's instruction set, cache structure,
pipeline stall characterists, etc. while using a compiler to
generate actual code to execute. You can then execute your algorithm
against the chip, and declare a winner.
Of course, you have to validate the chip model, and you have to know
how the compiler optimizations work, how it interacts with branch prediction
logic, etc.
While awb is readily available for the usual Unix systems, using it for
anything less trivial than a grad school compiler optimization course is
a ton of work. It makes sense when you are inventing a new chip
architecture, or even a significant revision to an existing chip.
I believe that it is far too much work to use awb (or anything of similar
capabilities) to evaluate algorithms for real world chips.
For algorithm optimization, it makes more sense to study the chip's
characteristics, and use a heuristic approach, testing real implementations.
I've already measured nearly a four to one difference in execution times
using Phil's DES code using different compilers and operating systems
on the same hardware (my 486).
But it is pretty unsatisfying to say that the best algorithm "depends" on
half a dozen variables, and that we can't reliably predict (engineer) a
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-28 07:41:04
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: someHost@nsa.gov 
This is strange. I see no difference between somehost.nsa.gov
and docmaster.ncsc.mil
ncsc is nothing but a public front for NSA. It is located at Ft Meade, etc.
This is not news.
Why wouldn't they be willing to post from dockmaster?
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-08-31 05:59:32
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Bad govt represents bad people? 
James Buchanan is at GMU, clearly one of the brightest stars on the faculty.
Required reading, of course. Spontaneous order of markets and all that.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-12-03 09:01:43
@_author: pfarrell at netcom.com 
@_subject: Cypherpunks@hks.net service 
The point is that if Eric insists on arbitrary rules that
threaten the list, some bright c'punk will "write code" to circumvent
the assinine rule. Use technology to solve problems...
But that is why a number of folks have posted that the rule
is at best ill conceived. Eric simply hasn't listented. Thus
the recent mini-flame war that again lowers the signal to noise ratio
on the list.
He wants the world to use encryption. So do I. But the tools
are not there for even the net-heads on this list. There is
nothing close to tools suitable for Joe Sixpack. Changing the
rules on c'punks won't change that.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-12-16 21:19:53
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Tim May the Luddite--His Last Message for A While 
I've been thinking the same thing. Sadly, some of the initial C'punks
are those that are amoung the worst flamers. Eric and Perry should
be leading by example, but that isn't the case.
Recently, I was encouraged by the number of outsiders willing to post.
The folks from Netscape were just the most recent. But they
were greeted with massive hostility because their code isn't perfect,
or maybe because they are trying to make a buck. Sometimes
releasing code sooner means that you will be arround later to fix it.
Even Amanda, who I first saw posting to comp.fonts when she worked
for Visix, has not been showing her usual diplomacy.
Cypherpunks write code, and care about politics, technology,
society and economics.
Cypherpunks will continue. I'm not so sure about the cypherpunks list.
I'm not willing to bet that it will be different than Extropians.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-12-28 06:53:38
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Why I have a 512 bit PGP key 
I strongly agree with both Perry that it is amusing and with Eric
that everyone should read it.
But I see it as more germane than Eric. It is not about
arbitrary self perpetuating bugs from source. It is
about serious security holes that are self perpetuatated
by the binaries of the complier. The compiler ignores
its own source and generates security hacked binaries,
even when the source looks like it is corrected.
One strongly held belief among lots on this list and in the PGP
advocacy world is that the availability of source
guarentees security. Thompson's lecture throroughly dispells
that hope, crushing the "guarentee" completely.
Drawing from Thompson, a simple MD5 is not sufficient.
Youd have to have multiple compilers, perferably on different
cpu architectures, build the tool from source, and compare the
results. Then, and only then, could you claim that you were
Of course, this is far too much work to be practical.
And this approach is impracticale without need to invent a conspiracy
between the compiler developers.
p.s. HappyNewYear!
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-02-12 11:25:31
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Strategies for getting encryption in widespread use QUICKLY 
In message Sat, 12 Feb 94 11:11:09 MST,
I agree completely with this. we have to move encryption onto the desktop
PCs and Macs, and make it transparent to the naive users. Eudora and NUpop
are a good start, but aren't transparent when you use PGP or ViaPGP.
I've written a non-TCP/IP Windows POP/SMTP client that will work with
commercial providers such as Netcom and Digex, but I can't get the low
level communications code to work - Window's comm.drv API is too flakey for
me to understand and get working.
I believe that my code is less than a week or two from being ready to
distrubute, if I can get some help with the communications code.
I asked a few months ago, and had one volunteer who didn't deliver.
I'd love to find a cypherpunk willing to work with me to provide some sorely
needed enabling technology.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-02-12 14:21:09
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Strategies for getting encryption in widespread use QUICKLY 
In message Sat, 12 Feb 1994 13:00:55 -0800,
Clearly MIME is a step in the right direction. And clearly MIME is steg
friendly, who can tell a MIME encoded PGP message from a MIME encoded
GIF file without looking at character frequencies, etc. (You _know_ that
I'm going to lie about the MIME-Content-Type flag :-)
But I haven't yet found a Windows PC client that will work without TCP/IP.
Maybe I haven't looked hard enuff.  Since 85% of all computers are shipped
with Windows, "widespread use" means Windows (or Windoze for the cynics).
I also  don't know why the network  vendors charge so much more for SLIP
and/or PPP, but until IP is as cheap as async, there is a need for lower
technology solutions.
There are also some design questions that have to be addressed on the
human interface side. For example, some folks strongly prefered not to
receive encrypted mail, because they didn't work in an PGP friendly
environment. So you need to have a client that is smart enuff to
automatically encrypt to folks who control machines on the net, and not
encrypt by default to folks using unsecure delivery such as netcom.com's
vt100 based users. And you need a nice way to override the default. Clearly
this information goes in the roledex that you keep with your client
software. I mention it only so that folks realize that the simple
publication of a PGP or RIPEM key does not indicate that a user is ready to
receive all email encrypted.
Solving these problems is exactly why we write code.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-02-14 01:25:25
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Actively Sabotaging Clipper and Capstone? 
Tim May posted to cypherpunks:
This is exactly the same argument that corrupts the PEM certification
scheme. While hierarachical chains of command are reflexivly the first
idea in any military or bureaucratic employee, the existance of a
super-valuable "master certification certificate" that is valuable will
directly make it extremely valuable. Anything of sufficient value will
be compromised by someone willing to pay a sufficient value, break a
kneecap, etc.
Once a valuable, high level certificate is broken, then all decendant
certificates are broken. The "web of trust" is the only workable solution.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-02-14 01:28:25
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
I believe that real business will be done over the Net using EDI or some
derivative. Given the Net's many security holes, cryptogrphy is needed
for both digital signatures and to ensure that my business plan doesn't
show up in my competitor's inbox.
Most of this could be done with MIME, DHS, DSS, and PEM, if those standards
ever get deployed to the "widespread" user community. But we cypherpunks
must, at least, make sure that the weaknesses in the standards are exposed
and corrected.
I personally think stealth PGP is the wrong direction. Widespread, blatent
acceptance of PGP by the 10 million PC users with modems will do more to
guarentee the legality of PGP than all the CSPR petitions. (Hey, I sent in
mine too, I just don't think that a few thousand voices will be heard)
Digital money is another thing. I think it is great. I'm realy to put $1000
real US dollars into the first bank that has digital money that I can sepnd
on real things. We are probably a ways away from this, but Pr0duct's work is
a great step forward.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-02-14 02:21:21
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Strategies for getting encryption in widespread use QUICKLY 
In message Sun, 13 Feb 94 09:50:59 +0200,
Yes. there are.
I am motivated from the other end. I can get the client code I need, I can't
get "widespead use" at the server end. For example, GMU, which
nominally provides Internet access to all of its students, refuses to
support SLIP or PPP on any of its servers. No reason, just policy.
I gave up on GMU's services and pay Netcom to give me access. They charge
$2.00 per hour for SLIP/PPP, but all the async access I want is flat rate.
Until the politics and economics change, I believe widespread use will
require a non-IP approach. Sure IP would be better, so would ISDN.
But Eudora and NUpop work fine, over straight async. they just miss the
encryption hook.
I have no interest in debating the value of IP. I am looking for help in
building a non-IP client that can enable encrypted mail to the
great mass of computer owners who are clueless about technology.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-02-19 08:56:34
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: MONEY: cryptocash is transaction money 
I've been following the digital money issues here for quite some time,
and I do not understand this distinction at all. Sandy said essentially the
same thing in different words, and that too was beyond me.
Except for tangible money (i.e. 99.99% pure gold coins) I don't see that
any money is anything other than a mutially agreed upon way of moving
"barter tokens" between folks. Sometime the government (or Fed) can define
the true value of the barter tokens, and othertimes their attempts fail.
When the attempt fail, the usual course is to have a "devaluation" that
reflects market realities.
I don't see how digital money is fundamentally different than
private bank notes that were common in the US in the last century. They are
good if they are accepted, and useless if not.
If this is really a critical distinction, since I don't see it, I'd
appreciate a more concrete explaination.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-07-19 16:27:59
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Reputation 
In message Tue, 19 Jul 94 14:31 EDT,
Chaum did some work on credentials without identity. Pretty interesting
stuff. But I haven't seen any of the c'punks pursuing it.
Anybody interested in doing some real work on this?
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-06-13 17:15:49
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DNA 
In message Mon, 13 Jun 1994 18:54:10 +0200 (METDST),
This issue came up at the CFP-2 conference (Computers Freedom and Privacy,
March 92 edition). There were speakers there claiming that the audience,
when getting up from their chairs, would leave sufficient hair, skin
flakes, sweat, etc. behind that DNA mapping would be easy. Of course, this
mapping would be without the "suspect" having any knowledge of when the map
material was gathered.
I don't know if this was factual then, but no one rose up to claim that the
speaker was in error, and there were lots of folks in the audience that
could have challenged it. None did.
This speach was a major motivation in my interest in these topics.
That, and a chance to listen to Bruce Stirling, DED, and Jim Bidzos...
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-06-18 15:54:06
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: No Subject 
A while ago some folks talked about being willing to pay for
a hardware random number generator. Not a PRNG, but a real
one. There are lots of uses listed in TCMay's document that
can't be named, but generating blinding factors for digital cash is my favorite.
I've got a friend who is a professional electronics engineer that
is willing to help, but he has some questions on the design.
The Prime Assumption: White noise due to molecular motion is truly random.  Noise generated in a carbon resistor or zener diode is white noise.  Is this true, cryptographically speaking?
The circuit is essentially a "Hiss Generator".  The hiss waveform, after being amplified to the proper
amplitude, would be sent to a rude, crude, inaccurate analog to digital
converter. From there we send it to a serial or parallel port. Probably just grab the LSB, but that is an implementation detail...
We have some design options based upon the Prime Assumption:
1.A a device would use a cheap noisy carbon resistor and a
rude, crude, noisy amplifier to amplify the noise generated by the resistor.  1.B. A zener diode may make a "louder" noise and require a cheaper 1.C How about if we take the hiss that you find between stations on an FM receiver, and digitize them through a PC soundcard? 1.D Another wonderful source of hiss is the telephone when it is off hook.
Is there any solid justification to pick one over the others?
(I expect that 1.C limits our audience too much, but maybe not, esp with VoicePGP coming RSN.)
This clearly needs support, such as  a UART or similar chip would convert the signal to RS-232 to to dangle off of your ports.  Some type of clock would be required to sync the UART, providing a more or less constant baud rate, so the computer can read it.  There needs to be a DC power supply to make this thing go.   This is accessable in the power supply of most PCs.  It is my opinion that nobody wants to put 9 volt batteries in this thing and have to remember to turn it off when they are finished using their computers.   We think that we could  create these beasts for less than $25.00 in some quantity.  The first one would probably cost about $50.00 to produce plus somebody's time (which isn't typically free or this probably would have been done already).
Seriously,  is there really much market out there for this?  Will there be a bigger market in the future as more people get on the "Information Superhighway"?  I get the impression from folks a while ago that real random data is a problem, but nobody wants to spend more than the price of two cases of beer to solve the it. Is the value of random data really that low?
More questions:
2. Do people really want to tie up a serial port with this or should it  contain a switch to cut it in and out as needed and free up the port? This sounds like an A-B switch. 3. Maybe it should go on the PC bus as an adapter card. This would greatly raise the cost, up to maybe $100, but would preserve "valuable" serial ports. Most PCs only have two, and one is used for the mouse, and the other for the modem. Since DOS can't handle more without help, this is a real limit.
4. How secure should the device itself be? Bruce's wonderful _Applied Cryptography_ talks about OS Virtual Memory managers writing out keys to disk without the user/programmer knowing, which is a serious potential problem. We have that same problem with the random number that this device generates. Wose, it wouldn't be hard for a `bad guy' to write a TSR that constantly reads the random port, and records
the numbers in parallel with whatever wants to use it for real. While I'd like to think that I really control my PC, once you get networking TSRs, smartdrv, APSI drivers, CDROM and Soundcard drivers, HIMEM, etc. loaded, do you really _know_ that they are your friends? Is this a real problem?
I can imagine a design for an internal card that allows only one read of the number, so even if a bad guy were there, they would get alternating (and thus different) numbers. I can't imagine doing this off a parallel or serial port. Is there a need for this level of sophistication (and added expense)?
Any comments are greatly appreciated. And if you are seriously interested, let me know, as that will surely add to my motivation.
Cypherpunks write code (or maybe work on hardware :-) !
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at netcom.com
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-06-19 07:10:53
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Hardware generators was: your mail 
In message Sat, 18 Jun 94 19:30:35 EDT,
Adam's points are correct, and I thought of them before I posted the
initial message.
My thinking was that about 90% of all computers sold are Intel PCs, and
to get my manufacturing costs down, I need volume and simplicity.
So by addressing the 90% solution first, I have a larger market without
the complexity of multiple platforms.
Once I've sold thousands of Hardware random number generators, then I can
afford the design effort for other platforms, if they still exist then :-)
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-06-19 10:54:07
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Hardware generators 
In message Sun, 19 Jun 94 10:50:14 EDT,
I think I'm a bit confused. Your first post suggested that I was ignoring
an important part of the market, and I acknowledge that this was delibrate.
Now you seem to be arguing that the paranoia that I addressed in my
fourth question is justified. I'd like more backup for this, as
all I have is speculation at this point. I don't know if it is paranoia or
Yes, if you are running DOS/Windows, you can address the world. Sigh.
And lots of other/better OS fix this, but they haven't got the market
penetration. So I'm back to addressing lots of folks, or a few
ones with real computers and real operating systems. I'd rather not
degrade into that religion, I started with TOPS-10 and moved to Tenex...
The problem with the serial port dongles are:
1) while parallel port dongels are known technology, making it work
on a serial port is more problematical.
2) Most PC serial ports are junk. Getting reliable data rates above
2400 baud is non-trivial for low end PCs. If I could claim that the
users had to have 16560AFN uarts, or better, then I could get decent
rates, but then I lose market size.
3) PCs typically don't have a spare serial port.
It is interesting that my mail is so far favoring an internal board
approach. Given that, and the forthcomming Plug-n-Plan spec from
Microsoft/Compaq/Intel/... and the hidious hassles of seting
up IRQs, port addresses, etc. Does this suggest that a
Plug-n-play board would be more attractive?
The key is that they would be more expensive, at least at first. Compaq
probably has the volume that can allow the cost difference to be
offset by lower tech support costs. I haven't got that volume yet.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-06-19 10:54:08
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Hardware RN generators, data volume requirements 
I'm quite happy about the volume and quality of responses I've
received. So here is another question:
What data generation rate should we aim for?
I guess I should be more precise, given that costs are usually
directly proportional to data rates, what are the minimum,
hoped for, and high end data rates needed?
For example, Tony Patti's RANGER has a very high data rate,
but is big and costs more than two cases of beer.
Is a good bit a second sufficient? 100 b/s? ???
Right now, I've only generated a few of Pr0duct Cypher's magic money
tokens. So if I had a daemon process collecting bits for me in the
background, then 3600 per hour is plenty.
I am sure that when Perry uses digicash for online trading of eurodollars,
he (and his user community) will need orders of magnitude more. But I'd
expect them to be willing to pay at least an order of magnitude more
for the gear too.
I'd like to hear grounded justification for rates, and/or
a rate/dollar tradeoff.
Don't worry about the exact monetary exchange rates. Estimates in
bits per second per case of beer are accurate enuff for this
level of design.
p.s. I just got up to the chapter of Bruce's _Applied Crypto_ that
addresses some of the approaches to this. It really is a FAQ for
serious cypherpunks.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-06-19 14:05:19
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Hardware generators was: your mail 
In message Sun, 19 Jun 1994 11:24:34 -0600,
Sadly, the state of PC platform SCSI is in turmoil, at least right now.
Microsoft is working hard to convince folks that Enhanced-IDE is the
answer, and many CD-ROMs, big disks, etc. that are aimed at the mass
market are no longer SCSI, but E-IDE.
I don't think you can substantiate your claim that a "great majority of
DOS machines" have SCSI.
Worse, MS is pushing hard to push into Windows-for-Workgroups. Many OEMs
no longer ship Windows, even for standalone PCs. They ship W4Wg.
W4Wg's support for SCSI devices is a step or two down from even
W4Wg 3.10. My SCSI disk setup (1.7GB Maxtor) is significantly slower under
W4Wg 3.11 because MS changed things to the point that I no longer have
32-bit disk I/O.
Chicago is claimed to have "better" SCSI support, but I was hoping that
I could get this at least prototyped this summer. No RSN reliance
on 3rd party vendors for me, thanks.
Right now, SCSI is too high-end (Suns, HP, Macs, serious PCs, etc.)
for the market that I have in mind.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-03-02 12:51:10
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: PEM, was Re: low-overhead encrypted telnet 
In message Wed, 2 Mar 1994 11:55:32 -0600 (CST),
I have to admit that PEM's RSN availability against PGP 2.X's 20+ months
of worldwide availability has made me not keep up with PEM and the
latest hierarchical, government controlled certification process...
But is there an intrinsic problem with a PGP-style web of trust for
remote telnet/rlogin applications. I really don't expect to login to
arbitrary nodes on the net, but is that required? or simply a robust way
(SecureID in software?) Maybe PCMCIA cards with PGP once desktop systems
have them.
If i'm cluelessly missing something essential, please email me the news.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via firger

@_date: 1994-03-02 12:51:24
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Laziness? 
In message Wed, 2 Mar 1994 10:38:55 -0800 (PST),
I use a similar system to Tim's, except that I use NUpop on a "PC" to
download 150+ messages a day from cypherpunks and a bunch of other lists.
We have to move the tools to the user's controlled, secure environment.
For some that may be Unix, but for close to 98% of the 'net community,
a controlled computer is a Mac or PC.  At GMU, a few supported grad students
have personal Suns or other workstations, maybe 50 students out of 22,000.
But nearly all of the students in the techy schools have at least a PC or
mac that is under their personal control. Multi-user Unix solutions
don't cut it.
More importantly, if all 700+ of us on this list used encrpytion for
_every message every day_ it would be only an insignificant portion of the
net volume. We have to get encryption out to the masses.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-03-02 12:51:34
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Windows Programming help wanted. 
This is a repeat of a request that I made last fall. I got no real response
then. Perhaps as the list has grown, someone will respond....
I am looking for help on a Microsoft Windows development project. I have
most of a Windows Client SMTP mail client program written, but I can't
devine how to make the Windows Communications API work with any marginal
success. I need help from someone who has written Windows communications
The program is functionally equivalent to NUpop or Eudora. It is designed to
work over dialup asynchronous lines without TCP/IP. Not that I dislike
all the nice functionality tht TCP/IP provides, but because some netowrk
providers (such as George Mason University) refuse to support SLIP/PPP for
political reasons, and because other providers (Netcom for one) charge
orders of magnitude more for SLIP/PPP than for async support.
The resulting product will be user firendly, a native Windows program with
the usual buttons, icons, context sensitive help, etc. It will have PGP, and
maybe RIPEM, support built in. Automagically.
I plan to release the code to the net, and will give full credit in the
About Box, documentation, etc. for any help.
Please respond via email.
Cypherpunks write code.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-03-03 05:25:55
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DC 'punks meeting 
I'm willing to try to russle up a suitable place for a physical
meeting in the DC area in parallel with next Sat's politically oriented
left coast meeting. But the number of folks attending will change
where I can hold it.
If you are interested in attending a DC-area meeting next Saturday, 3PM EST
until 5 or so, please send me email.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-03-08 21:11:12
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DC Physical Meeting This Saturday 
This Saturday, March 12 starting at 3:00 PM EST and running until 5:30 PM,
there will be a physical Cypherpunks meeting at the EFF's offices in
downtown Washington DC. The meeting title is:
       Cypherpunks distributed meeting
       Politics, Strategies, and Action
The meeting will run in parallel with several other c'punk meetings. If the
technology works, we will have realtime audio feeds from other sites. If
not, we'll call in using speakerphones (bring your long distance credit
card as EFF is _not_ sponsoring us.)
With the Clinton Administration's continued insistance on Clipper and the
current revision of the FBI's Digital Telophony bill, we c'punks "inside the
Beltway" need to get organized.
Please do not bring PCs or floppies. We will be inside EFF's offices, and
should not bring in, nor take out, any hardware or magnetic media. Paper
copies of the MD5 hash of your PGP/ViaCrpyt keys for swapping are fine. We
can use email or the keyservers to exchange the actual keys. Some EFF
staffers are interested in getting signatures for their ViaCrypt keys. So
this will be a good chance to expend the web of trust.
EFF is at the Metro Center stop of the Metro. There is nearby street
parking. The Metro stop is literally inside the building lobby.
Address is 1001 G street, North West. This is the corner of 11th and G.
EFF is in suite 950 East, but the meeting is on the 8th floor.
Coming by the metro, leave the station through the Woodies Deli.
Go though there, and there will be a set of double doors oposite an
escalator. Go though the doors, around a corner and up two escalators.
You should then be in the lobby of the EFF building.
Off the street, We are next door to the Grand Hyatt, which is right
across the street from the Washington Convention Center. Once again,
come in and you should be in the lobby of our building.
We will send folks down on the hour to let you into the EFF's secure space.
Outside of those times, you can set up an appointment, or you will need to
call up to get an EFF staff member to come down and let you in. Call
202-347-5400. ext 224 and ext 205 will probably get answered Saturday.
Contact pfarrell at netcom.com or leave a voicemail (up until about
noon Saturday) at (703) 267-2986)

@_date: 1994-03-09 20:22:50
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Wanted Sun DIN to audio adapter 
I'm looking for someone in the DC area who can lend me a Sun audio adaptor
plug for this weekend's meeting. One end has mini-DIN that plugs into the
Sun, and the other has standard microphone and headphone/speaker jacks.
I've got one located on the net, but that will cost FedEx money to get
from and back to its owner. I'd rather spend the money on pizza and beer.
Please get back to me, or Dan Brown (brown at eff.org) if you can help.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-03-12 06:51:46
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: The Agency Whose Name May Not Be Spoken 
In message Fri, 11 Mar 1994 11:10:15 -0800 (PST),
There are probably a fair number of obscure ones. Two that I know aren't
often talked about are:
DCA - Defense Communications Agency - responsible for DoD communication,
MilNet, STU-III encrypted phones, and assorted odds and ends.
DIA - Defense Intellegence Agency - DoD's own personal CIA.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-03-12 06:52:54
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: 2nd CJ update 
In message Fri, 11 Mar 1994 10:17:52 -0800,
Not anymore. Both CIA and NSA have recently (past few years) had "open"
employees and contractors who can admit where they work. Some can even admit
general information about what they do, such as "I'm a SyBase DBA in the
administrative organization."
In the olden days, the same minor "spooks" would simply tell you they worked
"for the government" or "for DoD"
So the old "If I tell you I have to kill you" line is left to Maxwell Smart.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-03-19 04:49:41
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Fw: Public Interest Summit Organizing Kit 
Sounds to me that these guys don't want to hear from inside the
Beltway folks like me. How about some of the left coast folk?
Fri, 18 Mar 1994 21:07:24 -0500 (EST)
        com-priv at psi.com, communet at uvmvm.uvm.edu, ednet at mr.net, libnet at mr.net,
        net-people at nic.state.mn.us, nii-regional at rain.org, nii-summit at cni.org,
        nii_agenda at civicnet.org, publib at nysernet.org,
        pubpol-l at vm1.spcs.umn.edu, roundtable at cni.org,
        ruralnet at gibbs.oit.unc.edu, telecomreg at relay.adp.wisc.edu,
        board at cap.gwu.edu
Shaping the National Information Infrastructure
Public Interest Summit

@_date: 1994-03-26 13:14:52
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: EFF Pioneer award: I nominate Phil Zimmerman... 
I officially nominated PRZ for last year's award, and got a reply from the
EFF vote/nomination counter that I was one of many. But it didn't
make the cut then.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-05-05 05:25:33
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: MFC, was [Visual Basic (yes, Basic!), and "VBX" tools 
It is correct that MFC is simply a set of C++ classes, which are included
(and their source) in the Microsoft Visual C++ environments for Windows
and Windows NT. But there are significances to MFC that should be mentioned.
(They are also included in the Samatec [sic] compiler products. Probably
others RSN)
First, MFC (and related parts of MSVC) makes writing Windows applications
orders of magnitude easier than using the old SDK approach. Just as
with the Borland class suite, no one who has used MFC will ever go
back to hand-coding SDK calls, except for the occasional wild hack.
Secondly, and IMHO more importantly, MFC 2.5 makes it easy to write
OLE 2.0 compliant applications. OLE is the foundation of Microsoft's
"component software development" approach (see last month's Byte for a
good overview). OLE is how Microsoft expects folks to hook applications
together in a seemless way. OLE is used currently in Office to make Word,
Excel and Powerpoint interoperate transparently, and its use will grow when
Chicago is released (RSN, I know)
With little work, a programmer should be able to make an OLE server that
allows users to drop Word, Excel, or other documents into an "encryption
server" or write an OLE client that uses the server.
Most of this can also be done with Visual Basic, which is a cool tool.
But Visual C++ is still C, so it makes grabing parts of PGP or PGPTools
and building them into the servers and clients is much more "native"
Thirdly, MFC effectively isolates the programmer from the OS. As a long
time assembly hacker, I wasn't too keen on this. But MFC makes porting
trivial for most Windows and Windows for Workstations (aka NT) apps,
and RSN we are supposed to get MFC for the Macintosh. This will cover
some huge portion of the desktop computing universe. Once you are above
95% of the market, I don't care about arguing the last percent or two.
For those on this list that like to "write code" and speak some C or C++
I strongly recommend looking at Visual C++ and MFC. At $129 for the
"competitive upgrade" it is even pretty cheap.
Please followup off list if you need more info, like recommended
configurations, etc.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-05-05 16:34:35
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Chill out.... was Re: Keyserver service outRAGE 
Amen to this! Wait a week, and this might be a great thing. If not, keep
using 2.3a.
I know that Jim Bidzos was interested in having a "pgp compatible" program
that started with rsaref and was legal and free. I know because I asked
him about liscensing last spring. He pointed me to an effort that
professor Jeffery Schiller (pgp key 0C4EE1 (jis at mit) on the usual servers)
was coordinating. I exchanged a few messages with a student up there,
then got lost in GMU work and lost track. I think the student did
something else, like crack RSA-129. But there are lots of students
at schools like MIT and GMU.
I sure hope this can provide a cloud free PGP for broke students.
Lets drop this thread for while, ok?
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-05-10 20:27:31
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: converting old keys to new MIT PGP 2.5 
There has been a lot of speculation about the need to create new PGP 2.5
keys to keep on the mit keyserver.
I got a copy of 2.5 beta last night. I ran it, and created a new 1024-bit
key so Derek's work won't compromise my old 512 bit key. I then added my
old key to my 2.5 keyring.
Folks with long memories may recognize my key, I created it at NSA's
National Computer Security Conference in 1992.
Notice all the changes to make it 2.5 compliant.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
This surelooks like an 18 month old key with lots of sigs.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
This might be a new key
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
So I say thanks Jeff, et al, and even thanks to Jim Bidzos.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-05-18 17:08:36
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Cryptosystems Journal 
Tony Patti is the publisher of Cryptosystems Journal.
He is _not_ on the net, his old portal account has been closed.
He is working hard on Volume 3.
You can reach Tony via snail mail to:
Tony Patti
Editor, Cryptosystems Journal
PO BOX 188
Newtown PA 18940-0188
Tony has been publishing the Journal for a while, complete with floppies.
I know he has non-US subscribers. I wonder how he exports it.
I have a copy of Volume 2 Number 1, and Volume 2 Number 2. But you'd
have to be in the DC area to see it. If we get a DC-area meeting working in
May, I can bring it for folks to look at.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-11-19 08:52:38
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
Zero crypto content....
The better way is the spontantous order that markets generate. We are too
early in the cycle to have figured out that having a standard 2 by 4
is better than cutting boards to custom sizes for each job.
But some of this is self inflicted by the folks on this list, and other
serious netheads. The vast majority of the world's populations would have
no idea what Tim is ranting about. The last figure I saw had the percentage
of home computers in the US with modems at 14%, but only 4% had accounts
at a service provider of any type.  The folks on this list are on the
leading edge, and are exposed to more of the leading edge, failure prone
experiments. MIME's encryption of ASCII so it is unreadible is just an
example of a false start.
Tim's approach to SLIP/PPP is the solution to the rest of his problems --
wait until there is a compelling reason to change. Let the academics
with time on their hands invent possible standards with incremental
improvements at the cost of incompatibility. Eventually the tiller
will be replaced with a steering wheel, and the brakes and accelerator
controls will be two or three pedals.
Contrary to Tim's claim, ASCII is not the ideal way to read information.
Fixed font, 78 character lines are hard to read. There is a reason that
books are printed using proportional type on lines only two and a half
alphabets wide -- it is easier for our eyes to read and our brains to
comprehend. But studying typography is like studying cryptogrophy,
something that takes time and effort and concentration. Interestingly, the
net is a fairly weak place to learn typography, as it is impossible to see
what is meant by "color" of a page of text unless it is properly typeset,
which requires the fonts, kerning, leading, etc... so get a book :-)
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-11-19 13:17:49
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
Revisionist history!
CRT's were 80 columns because Hollerith cards were 80 columns. They had
been that size since the late 1800s.
70s compilers for Fortran and Cobol used the columns. Cobol had
A and B margins, Fortran had sequence numbers in columns 1 thru 6, and the
continuation column in 7. The compilers weren't changed just because
of a new fangled I/O device.
In the good old days, there were only two I/O sizes that counted,
80 and 132.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-11-29 11:51:33
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Anarchists break rules, details at 11, was: The Market for Crypto--A Curmudgeon's View 
A few days delay, which is what I think we are talking about, will clearly
make following threads more difficult. And add to noise on the list,
as the content of an early-non-signed message may be repeated and
signed by someone else later on.
After netcom's recent mail mis-delivery problems, I know all too
well how hard it is to participate in discussions that
are delivered in random-appearing order. A few hours delay will be
indistinguishable to the netcom subscribers.
My experience with rules and PPLs on other lists has not impressed me.
Whatcha trying to do, eric, lead that anarchists?
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-11-30 17:41:50
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: "Cyherpunks Named Official Signing Authority" 
This thread is starting to sound a lot like a religious argument.
Lets try to act like adults and hold off on the "did so" "did not"
arguments. If we have to agree to disagree, fine.
Not to point at eric in the above,  this is in response to one of his
messages, and I don't want to increase the volume on the list by using two.
There is a key point that is missed here. Lets assume you hack majordomo
so that it pipes messages thru a filter to classify signatures.
We get classes like:
   1)     "gold star: its signed" like this message.
   2)     "silver star: signed by an unknown nym"
   3)     "non-follower alert: unsigned message"
   4)     "unverified key, be _very_ careful"
   5)     "bogus alert: fraud! fake signature" (no one we know
           would do that :-)
and whatever else makes sense.
So the hacked majordomo puts in a new header that classifies the
message according to this taxonomy. It mails/forwards the messages to
the thousands of waiting c'punks. Maybe after a delay or two.
I get the message, look at the header, and say, Hmmm.
Has someone hacked the classification?
Maybe we need to have majordomo sign the message/header
so we know that the true c'punk classifier has verified it?
But then we ask, Hmmm, is this a hacked majordomo? After all, no sane
person will read and manually verify the flood of c'punk messages.
So some daemon is doing it all. And daemons can be hacked.
Pretty soon, we end up with cycles and epicycles, worse than medival
planatary motion theory. Not a winner. I don't see a robust solution,
even granting that Eric et al are smart, hardworking, etc.
anyone else see a solution?
Other than dropping this thread, or sending mail to cypherpunks at c2.org,
of course...
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-10-02 14:44:50
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon 
Hi Uni,
look in ftp.netcom.com in /pub/tcmay for the original source.

@_date: 1994-09-18 12:34:08
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: (fwd) \"Will You Be a Terrorist?\"  ( Moi? ) 
This is the usual obfuscation that your congresscritters prefer.
It is interesting to compare that with the approach used when
the Feds are serious.
I just received a DoD clearance after filling in my life's history,
fingerprints, financial report, etc., waiting for the folks to
check out if I lied, etc.
Before it became active, I was handed a stack of papers with all the
applicable codes and sections, and told to read them. They had
the usual things that you'd expect, the penalty for treason is death or life
in jail, $30,000 fine for this or that minor crime, warnings about
disclosing "codebooks and ciphers", etc.
Then they hand you another form that says you read the stack.
There is no way that I can claim that I didn't know exposing
classified information is bad.
The crime bill that you and Tim quote looks to me to be just
another place for selective enforcement.
ob crypto: none, or little, even if the phrases "codebook or cipher"
    was scattered throughout the stack of chapters and verses.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1994-09-25 14:06:59
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: MS, IBM, Apple, EFF and DTB [was : TIS, SKE, & CyberCash Inc. 
^^^^^^^^^^ this one, at least has been released
and should be at your local computer store RSN. I've been on the NT
beta test, and it is really nice. The built in SLIP/PPP will massivly
increase the number of real internet hosts.
It is easy to use and robust. They don't ship Cello/Mosaic, but that
is trivial to add.
Much more than working deals, Microsoft wants to be an Internet Serivce
Provider (ISP), much like Apple and IBM have recently become. IBM's new
OS/2 has a "one button" signon/configuration onto their service. Apple has
been bundling eWorld for a while.
But I don't see Tim's OS-oriented collusion.
The EFF sell out clearly focused on defining service providors and then
excluding then, specifically, from the burden of DTB. Doesn't look
like they like GAK any more than Tim or me.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1995-08-08 18:05:42
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: alt.politics.org.cia 
It is definitly a stretch. But a web listing is probably the right idea.
I've already got some public spook information on my subpages, I think
I'll start collecting locations. I'll let someone else do the CGI map.
Nearly everyone knows that CIA has major offices in Roslyn VA. And
most are clued in to the Georgetown (a section of Washington DC)
"garbage garage" that was a CIA front (now it is a tony mall). There are
also CIA offices in Vienna VA, altho I have to admit I don't know exactly
where.  To find CIA offices, all you have to do is follow the blue busses.
DIA is marked, about a mile from the Pentagon.
But this raises a question (please, not to start a f-war)
as to what is a "spook"?  For example, the Secret Service has an unmarked
facility on 22 or 23rd street in NW Washington. They keep the Pres' limo,
etc there. Clearly from a standpoint of their clumsey raids (Pentagon City
2600, etc.) they classify as spooks.
Are contractors such as Mitre, E-Systems, and TRW, who do mega-dollars
of work each year considered spooks? I think some are, as they are
effectively out-sourced civil servants.
I guess I could simply walk into the Soviet Embassy and ask them
where the US spooks are. It isn't a secret from anyone but uninformed
There is at least one Federal Building in each state, holding VA,
Dept of Ag, etc. Nearly all have FBI and other LEA offices.
Is there an ethical question buried here? Making it easy for another nut to
kill mere working stiffs by posting the locations?
Disclaimer:  I'm kinda split on this, I've been on this list a long time,
but my dad, wife, and brother work or worked in town for the government.
I hope that Tim's revolution is quite and peaceful.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-03 14:09:25
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Do the Right Thing 
I personally believe that this topic does not deserve the heat that it
has generated on this list. This opinion could change. I'll have a much
better idea Tuesday evening when I've had a chance to hear the latest from
NIST on GAK for export.
Much of the complaining in September was that vendors didn't want
to build two versions, one domestic and one for "export"
Netscape is currently doing at least two, and probably closer to
ten if you count Windows 16, 32, Mac, Motif, etc.
Except for Louis Freeh and Dorrthy Denning, I haven't heard real people
support GAK domestically, although Geoff Grevildinger's pitch at the Sept
NIST meeting was 99 & 44/100% domestic. I'll be listening pretty
carefully this Tuesday.
I think we need to save out fury for real statements about making
non-GAK illegal for domestic use. If this starts to condense out
of the Ether, I expect that the civil liberties lobbies will
get real loud. the ACLU and VTW were both vocal at the September
meeting, and EPIC was there, along with folks like Proffessor Hoffman of
I have no problem with Netscape having a GAK-ified browser in addition
to a real one. At least as long as the GAK'd version is clearly identified

@_date: 1995-12-03 18:28:27
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Do the Right Thing 
TCMay writes to c'punks:
Although calling it a debate is being loose with terms. Rant is more
Hey, I was a fan of Trial Balloon...
But lets react to reality, not net-rumours.
Nothing to date has indicated that domestic GAK will be manditory,
except, as I noted in the last post, DERD, Freeh, and Grevildinger [sp]
We are failing to get our message accross to the Joe Sixpack's
of the world. We are starting to get get some coverage in
the press (USA Today, NY Times, etc.) but this is a slow
education effort.
Preaching to the choir is pretty pointless.
Don't we agree on this? "tromping" on civil liberties sucks. That is
what I wrote last message.
The policies and technologies are relevant. hacks to disable
Netscape because people are too lazy to see that they are
already doing multiple version, or that others provide
browsers, is noise. IMHO.
If we want to find about the policies, and given that there
is a huge, public meeting in two days, can't we wait to get some facts?
I have not said any such thing. I have attemped to write up actual,
factual recordings of GAK at NIST.
What I am saying is that bitching about Netscape is a waste of list
bandwidth. If you think Netscape is full of fascists, use
another browser. Or, heaven forbid, write code.
What news is there on this topic? I am a privacy guy. GAK sucks.
So what is news?
Is it news that the Crypto-guys think GAK sucks? As TCMay has written,
check the archives. Lets not cover already covered ground.
Come on, lets either talk about news, action (Ian's, RJC's, Daimen's, ...
hacks) or what we can really do to be effective.
My point, which I clearly failed to make, was that Netscape
has to date, done a pretty good job. The quotes from Jim Clark
indicate that his is clueless. Fine, use another browser.
Netscape bombs are not relevant to what I think is the
charter of Cypherpunks.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-04 18:06:00
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment 
Reality check.
Accountants _know_ how to do books that deal with cash.
Most small business keep their books on a cash basis.
Cash was how the world worked until recently.
Accountants know how to meet acceptable auditing standards when
transactions are in cash. I learned this from the CPA I live
Seems to me this list doesn't have enough folks with a grounding in
non-technical issues. Until the last 30+ years, the world lived
on cash. I like cash. I assume I'll like electronic cash once
people remember what cash is and model it correctly.
Got to to get my beauty sleep before tomorrow's GAK export meeting...
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-05 14:48:32
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NIST GAK export meeting, short version 
I just got back from the NIST GAK export meeting. This is
a short writeup of a summary. I'll post a longer version later
this evening or early tomorrow morning.
The meeting was hosted by Ed Roback of NIST, who quickly introduced
Mike Nelson of the White House. Mike is clearly a political guy.
His handout says: "We believe that our proposal for exportable 64-bit key
escrow encryption meets these goals [the goals of VP Gore's letter to Rep
Cantwell, July 20, 1994]." He said that the criteria describe a solution,
but not the only solution.  He said it does not preclude other
implementations in the future. He anticipates that the State Department
will issue guidance based upon these criteria in "early 1996," and that
between now and then, any product that meets the criteria will be elegible
for expidited approval. Of course, the existing (slow as molasass) process
will continue.
I asked the first questions from the floor. The two questions were:
(1) Is this meeting concerned solely with export
of software, or does it deal with controling domestic use of strong
cryptography? and (2) since the 64-bit limit was severly criticized at
the Sept meeting, why is it still needed if there is also escrow?
His answer was that there is "no intention to control domestic encryption"
and on the 64-bit issue, that the government is "not certain it will
work." he says they "want to see it implemented and want to see
how it works" because 64-bit encryption is very strong. If the escrow
doesn't work, they don't want a lot of softare to be in widespread use.
He said that they have studied the encryption that is supposed to be widely
available on the Internet. He said that viewed by crypto experts, not
much is very good. He mentioned "two incidents" where Netscape had
weak implimentations. He feels that companies will not trust software
over the 'net. that they "want the US Government to say that 'this is
good enough'."
Clint Brooks, of NSA, then went over the revised criteria. He claimed that
they were surprized at the industry concern over "one product" for
worldwide markets. There were lots of questions. He eventually admitted
that because of the "one product" concern, export regulations will effect
domestic products. [all the more reason for Netscape to keep building ten
or whatever it is.]
Brooks admitted that it is impossible to prevent multiple encryption.
Cypherpunks would do that by using PGP and then sending it using GAK.
He said "as a person, you can set up a secure communication method, and
nothing can be done about it." His concern is not that smart people can
have stronger crypto, but that strong crypto will be easy and widely used.
He said that the 64-bit key limit is not meant to restrict RSA keys to
64-bits, but rather to restrict the session keys that are encrypted using
RSA. Unspoken was the assumption that the 2000 bit RSA secret key would
have to be escrowed.
There were some interesting (and bad IMHO) implications of interoperability.
I'll cover them more in the long version. Basically, they admitted that
the interoperability restrictions made it stupid to have an export
version, you should have a strong domestic version, and an international
version developed offshore for sale to the rest of the world.
They admitted that there can be no controls over export of data, so once
interoperating software is available both domestically and from offshore
sources, there is no value in the export controlled, crippled version.
My favorite policeman, Geoff Greiveldinger, then described the
characteristics of an acceptable key escrow agent. There was a long list
of criteria, all unseen before the meeting. The general reaction
of the audience was that these were "yet another set of criteria that
must be met." Geoff claimed that they were simply trying to address
the questions raised at the earlier meeting about who is an
acceptable escrow agent. One point that caused a lot of concern
was that at least one employee of the escrow agent has to have a SECRET
Industry, with a few exceptions, soundly said that this is a dumb idea,
that there is no market, that the criteria are too hard, etc. Except
Padgett Petersen, representing Lockheed-Martin. He said that LM thought
that the criteria were just peachy. The  usual civil liberties folks
also soundly trashed it.
There was a representative from Netscape. He said that they, as a company
think this is a terrible idea. They oppose it now, and will be issuing
a company policy soon. I didn't catch his name, and couldn't find him
to get the obviously carefully prepared text. If someone from Netscape, are
you listening Jeff W? could get me the text, I'll add it to my writeup.
 ******************
What I think it means:
I believe that the government deeply wants to restrict domestic use of
strong encryption, but they have no legal justification for doing so.
They can't expect that they will get it if they go to Congress. So they
are attempting an end-arround using the export criteria, which they
_do control_. They hope that the pain of having multiple versions will be
so high that no vendor will bother, and all we'll have is crippled
The usual civil liberties lobby folks (CDT, EPIC, etc.) want to
hold their own, industry sponsored meetings to develop workable systems.
I think that the real key is for everyone, worldwide to insist on
both strong crypto and interoperability. The Germans are already
writing fine software and making fast hardware. Microsoft and Netscape
can easily afford to do some of their development offshore. If the products
sell and are deployed, it won't matter what the govies want.
ps. there were a number of other cypherpunks in attendance. I hope
some will add their impressions of the day.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-06 04:10:19
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NIST GAK export meeting, short version 
Just a quick note to explain what the govies claimed was the reason for
the SECRET clearence....
They claimed it was needed so that they can serve a court order
that is SECRET. Obviously, if the order is classified, then no one
without clearence can see it -- the existance of the clearence
is classified.
The main area that they claimed was for FISA orders. FISA stands
for something like Foriegn Intellegence Survellance Act. It is
aimed at catching spies.
The whole topic raises a ton of questions, such as traffic
analysis when your _only_ cleared operator has to process
a request. Plus, since you have to be a US citizen to get
a clearence, how can there be approved foriegn escrow agents?
And the usual, why in hell would a competent spy use
crypto escrowed in the US?
I'll put more in the long report.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-06 04:54:35
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Secret Clearance 
In message Wed, 6 Dec 1995 06:57:12 -0500 (EST),
You can't walk the halls of the FBI headquarters without a clearance.
The RBOCs do have cleared people that perform the taps.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-06 06:38:00
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NIST GAK export meeting, Long version part 1 
NIST Key Export meeting, December 5, 1995 Long version, Part 1 of N
This covers the criteria, except interoperability.
(To keep TCMay's prediction from becoming true, I'll put this out in parts) This really needs a hypertext media. I'll build one for html page. Please
bear with me on this, pure ASCII mail version.
This is a write-up of stuff I left out of the summary.
I'll merge them together on my nistpage, probably Friday.
You've already seen the short write up.
There is a fair amount of information on the NIST web server. Use url:
< As David Lesher noted, one of the most significant things was obvious in
the parking lot.  Unlike September's meeting, this time it was empty.
Inside the hall, it was obvious that no one came. It was packed in
September, and now, entire rows were empty. I'm bad at guessing numbers,
but its easy  to guess that only 1/3 as many people showed. Maybe less.
The meeting was in general a repeat of September's meeting, and similar
meetings that have been going on for years. Both sides talk past each
other. I think this has degenerated into a parallel with the abortion
debate. There is no common ground.
I assume that the "two incidents" don't count breaking RC4-40.  I can't
remember two Netscape security incidents, unless he means to count RJC's
buffer overflow, all I can remember is Ian's key generation problem.
He stated that they were addressing "not domestic policy, per se, but we
keep wrapping around" because of the 'one product' issue.
The criteria are on the NIST page,
url: They handed out a guide to the changes in the criteria between September
and now. This is available from NIST as url:
Here is a portion of it:
Old Criterion 1.     Moved to Old Criterion 2.     Moved to Old Criterion 3.     Split into  and Old Criterion 5.     Moved to Old Criterion 6.     Moved to Old Criterion 7.     Moved to Old Criterion 8.     Moved to Old Criterion 9.     Deleted.
Old Criterion 10.    Moved to Only in Washington. Oh yeah, they also clarified a lot of the wording.
Ideas that I thought important enough to make notes of concerning the
These criteria do not address either hardware nor non-escrow encryption.
Export controls of these are not changed, they can be exported with the
current procedures.
Brooks said that these rules are not applicable to the protection of
internal data for US corporations, even for overseas locations of US firms.
He said that getting permission to export for _internal corporate use_ is
easy, if it is to protect corporate secrets and for internal communication.
I took this to mean that a multi-national, US-based corporatgon can get a
permit for ViaCrypt and export it for their own use. [later in the day,
some people mentioned that this isn't nearly as easy as Brooks claimed.]
He said that the intent in the new wording is flexibility. They don't want
to prescribe implementation details, he wants industry to invent what
sells. He specifically stated that the meetings were not about setting
standards. This caused at least a fair amount of confusion, probably due to
the fact that NIST used to be called National Bureau of Standards, and NBS
set standards all the time. For example, a couple of folks were interested
in interoperability, say between a Netscape encryption system and one made
by, say, Microsoft. This meeting did not address this level of
about  "The product's key escrow cryptographic functions shall be
inoperable until the key(s) is escrowed in accordance with  Brooks said
that the intent was to allow vendors to make a single product that doesn't
activate the key-escrow function if not needed. The idea was that when the
keys are escrowed, the encryption engine would be activated. He also said
that "manufacturers may not want to be in the key escrow business" and
would therefore want to ship products that could be activated by a third
party escrow agent.
While talking about  "3. The product's key escrow cryptographic functions' key(s)
     shall be escrowed with escrow agent(s) certified by the U.S.
     Government, or certified by foreign governments with which
     the U.S. Government has formal agreements consistent with
     U.S. law enforcement and national security requirements."
He stated that this does not preclude the use of "other agents." This
became a major issue throughout the day. Ken Mendelson, staff attorney at
TIS, asked (roughly) "Under what authority does the US Government grant
certification to agents?" The response was a run around. Another hot issue
was whether you can "hold your own keys" rather than using a third party.
Seems that the corporate users are arguing that they want to hold their own
keys, and the government reacted to that favorably (not unfavorably?).
[Later in the day, Geoff Greiveldinger was asked if US citizens have the
right to hold their own keys. Geoff was forced to admit that, "yes, you can
hold your own keys"]
 "5.    The product's key escrow feature shall allow access to the
      key(s) needed to decrypt the product's ciphertext regardless
      of whether the product generated or received the ciphertext."
Contains a significant change that was not discussed in September. It means
that having the key for either end is sufficient. Brooks conceded that this
was a big change, but claimed it was needed. The claim that one-ended
surveillance is easier is most likely true.  It clearly is easier if one
end is US based and using GAK and the other is foreign where there is
respect for civil liberties.
He even claimed that it made the system less intrusive: His argument was
Lets say they are snooping on me.  With one-ended, they can read all of my
messages, to and from, without needing the keys of my correspondents. (lets
pick Geoff G. as an arbitrary correspondent) With two ended, they'd have to
get both my key and Geoff's, and then they could read all of the messages
Geoff gets or sends.
I said it was _their_ argument. Seems to me to be groundless, unless they
got the keys of everyone in the chain, all of the folks that I talk to, all
of the folks that everyone I talk to, etc.
on "7.    The product's key escrow cryptographic functions shall use
      an unclassified encryption algorithm with a key length not
      to exceed sixty-four (64) bits."
This is really aimed at session keys, or at least non-RSA keys. I suggested
that they really needed some wording that make it clear.
on "8.    The product's key escrow cryptographic functions shall not
      provide the feature of multiple encryption (e.g., triple-
      DES)."
He pointed out that the wording used to say "prevent" and now just says
"not provide".  He acknowledged that "prevent" was impossible.
on "9.    The product's key escrow cryptographic functions shall
      interoperate only with key escrow cryptographic functions in
      products that meet these criteria, and shall not
      interoperate with the cryptographic functions of a product
      whose key escrow encryption function has been altered,
      bypassed, disabled, or otherwise rendered inoperative."
Brooks said that this was intended to allow multiple modes, such as
compatibility with other encryption schemes. Of course, he said, the other
modes are subject to export restrictions.
Somewhere in the discussion, Ed Appel took over for Brooks. Appel is
"Director of Counter Intelligence Programs, National Security Council, The
White House" He was introduced as FBI.
I'll cover them more in the next section
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-06 19:55:13
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NIST GAK export meeting, short version 
You are reading more into my writing than I intended. I know
of no other classified court than FISA.
But A. Michael Froomkin noted that my best friend Geoff's slide
said "(e.g. FISA)" and asked, since you used "e.g." what are the
others? Geoff mumbled and rambled. I took it as a no comment.
There were a bunce of lawyers there, including Sobel from EPIC,
Danny W from CDT, etc. Perhaps they know of more than I do,
I'm just a techie.
Deals are, of course, possible. But right now, a clearence means
US Citizen. AFAIK, the only legal discrimination allowed in employement
ads is "US Citizenship required" which is code for "clearence required"
OK, I'll grant you that there arn't many of them. Still, why
you don't address my question: why use it if you have an IQ above
air temperature? You traffic and low visibility ideas have merit,
but why open up to FISA?
You left out the :-)
Actually, you'd have appreciated the November DC-cypherpunks meeting, we
spent a couple hours driving arround, mapping spook facilities.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-07 07:55:22
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NIST GAK, Escrow Agent Criteria available 
At the meeting, the NIST/NSA folks presented their criteria for
being an acceptable escrow agent criteria. They had hardcopy, and
Geoff had slides. The slides didn't exactly match the hardcopy.
I have typed in the text from my hardcopy. It is on my clipper2
page (which is under construction at
url for the criteria for escrow agent entities is
I will _not_ post it (about 4 pages) to the list.
If you can't use the web, email me and I'll forward a copy.
I've got some notes on Geoff's presentation that I'll post later on.
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1995-12-07 19:06:12
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: GAK solutions was: Is there a lawyer in the house? 
Interesting. At the NIST meeting, criteria  deals with decrypting
a conversation with only the key from one end.
I thought that would be hard to implement. But during the discussion,
they called on Miles Smid [sp?] who was obviously a NIST employee/consultant
with real knowledge. He suggested that you could encrypt the
session key with the public key of both parties, and send it along.
This would allow single ended GAK.
This is not far from the idea that CME proposed that the NSA/FBI/CIA
publish public keys, and we'll hack a voluntary version of PGP that
encrypts the session key with the LEA public key -- instant
voluntary Key Escrow.
Miles Smid's idea seemed reasonable, until you realize that he intends
you to escrow your private key...
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-09 12:43:37
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DC Cypherpunks Meeting, Dec 16. 3:00 PM 
Just a quick note: the next DC Cypherpunks meeting will be
December 16, starting at 3:00 PM, location: Digex Headquarters,
Greenbelt MD. See my dccp page for detail, instructions, etc.
1) Discussion of NIST Dec 5 GAK meeting
2) The web of trust is dead, lets invent another
3) ... suggestions welcome
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-10 11:07:21
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NIST GAK meeting writeup, LONG part 3 of 3 
NIST Key Export meeting, December 5, 1995 Long version Part 3 of 3.
This covers the notes on agent criteria, and the industry presentations. Part 2 of three hasn't been written, it is supposed to address the issues related to interoperability. I decided it was better to get this part out than to Items on the criteria themselves that I think were under reported in my first reports:
Ed Appel: the LEAs are very interested in Criteria  (two ended decryption) as they have more than 100 international offices.
Miles Smid described a trick for meeting Criteria  if you encrypt the session key with your own public key, in addition to the key of your destination, and if you have escrowed your private key with an Escrow Agent, then nearly any approach meets criteria    *********
On agent criteria:
   *********
Geoff G. says that the discussions on agent criteria are simply a follow-on to the main criteria The criteria themselves have been spam'd to the list.
They are also available at url:
There was a lot of reactions to the SECRET clearance
requirement, which they claimed was to handle
secure investigations (e.g. FISA). This has already
been discussed on the list, so I'll skip it here.
David Lesher asked a series of questions concerning the requirement that the Key Escrow Entity employ a person with a SECRET clearance. They included: what agency will issue the clearance? Who will authorize for the BI (background investigation)? Who will pay for it? Who does the existing RBOC clearances? Geoff dodged nearly all of them. He acknowledged that "they" will have to pay, but made no effort to define who "they" are.
Geoff said that they may want legislation support for protecting against illegal release of keys, failure to release, etc.
A fair number of the agent criteria would be considered
professional business practice (no single point of
failure, dual locations, etc.) if you thought that
escrowing keys was a good thing.
  *********
User/Industry presentations
Bill Sweet of TIS
Bill gave a presentation about his CKE product, and how hard he is working to "find a global solution."
This is actually the same product that Bill talked about in September when he worked for National Semiconductor. It was impressive then (private keys are NOT escrowed, only session keys, etc.) and is still not approved for export.
Bill talked about "information owners," they ultimately decide which security systems get deployed "in spite of various government requirements around the world." He said that "if rational key escrow systems are not offered, or do not adequately protect their information, owners will use unescrowed encryption from whatever sources available (Germany, et al)."
Bill talked about a UK University (Royal Holloway) study on UK/European needs for key escrow. He said that there was a lot of overlap with the NIST criteria, but that there were criteria that were judged as totally unacceptable. The first and loudest finding was:
"the use of the scheme should provide visible benefits to the user."
This begs the obvious question, what visible benefits to the user does GAK bring?
Two other interesting findings in the study were:
- - An entity with a warrant should not be able to   fabricate false evidence."
- - Abuse by either side should be detectable by the   other.
He suggested that these criteria be added to the NIST list of 10.
Bill went on to look at the NIST criteria. He said, concerning Criteria  (agents certified by US Government or reciprocal agreement), that "this is a show stopper!" because:

@_date: 1995-12-12 15:04:44
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NIST GAK meeting writeup, part 3 of 3 
I appologise to the list for the character mangling in the original posting.
I wrote it in Word so I could spellcheck it, and I couldn't turn OFF the
idiotic smartquotes.  I've placed a cleaned up, fewer typo, and hyperlinked
version out on my NIST page,
It was Geoff G. talking, not Mike Nelson or Ed Appel. The difference
is critical. Mike and Ed have some political savvy. My best friend Geoff
does not. I believe that Geoff has never bought into "voluntary" as
a concept. EPIC successfully FOIA'd papers from the FBI saying that
they will change their tune when/if there isn't sufficient compliance.
Mike and Ed are political enough to know that they can't sell this if
they push too hard. Geoff isn't.
The podium had a light that showed green/yellow/red lights. These
let the speakers know how much time was left. For the morning, since only
NIST/NSA/FBI/... folks talked, they didn't bother to reset the light.
It was red all the time, altho it blinked occasionally.
Ed took the mike, and asked "what is the red light for? Does it glow
red whenever someone from the Government is lying?" It got a good chuckle.
It was probably also close to being true. Ed and Mike understand
the audience, Geoff never will.
It isn't voluntary for export approved software. The word voluntary is
not in the criteria. It is only voluntary if domestic users foolishly
choose to buy GAK'd products. So don't!
Criteria  says "...cryptographic functions shall be inoperable until the
key(s) is escrowed in accordance with Worse, IMHO, is criteria  which states " ... cryptographic functions
shall interoperate only with key escrow cryptographic functions in products
that meet these criteria..."
The interoperability issues stayed muddy. The government didn't spend much
effort making it clearer. The karma seemed to be that if you had two
products, say Webscape 128 and Webscape 64/Gak, selling 128 domestically
and 64/GAK exported, that you can't make Webscape128 interoperate with
64/GAK unless the Webscape128 keys are GAKed.
Part of this is burried in agent criteria  "6. Escrow agent entities that
are certified by the U.S. government shall work with developers of key
escrow encryption products to develop and support a feature that allows the
product to verify to one another that the product's keys have been escrowed
with a U.S.-certified agent."
Looks to me like the software has to chase up the chain of certification
authorities (or escrow authorities if you prefer) before it can work.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-12-13 11:34:00
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: ViaCrypt supports CKE in PGP 
In message Mon, 11 Dec 1995 14:45:55 -0600,
[liberally elided]
I believe this is a good thing (tm).
This is a vendor with strong crypto implementing Key Escrow for
the only known commercially viable market: data recovery of long
term storage.
In all of the NIST meetings that I've attended, industry says
there is a market for key escrow for data recovery when your
key  programmer "falls in love and moves to a warm water island"
They also say there is no market for key escrow for communication,
we can simply resend lost messages.
Commercial Key Escrow is, by definition, voluntary. You have to pay
to get it escrowed, stored, and returned. CKE is not GAK.
I bet its not exportable.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-01-14 10:29:55
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: State of PGP dll?; Encrypted session projects 
I helped David get a compiled version of a .DLL, but it was way too
raw to use. Specifically, all we did was make a DLL of all of the code,
exporting all of the subroutines. A usefull .DLL would only publish
the "important" ones, and leave the internals hidden. The selection
of which routines need to be classified as "important" is a bunch of
work. Additionally, I expect that some of the routines would really be
better off with a wrapper that made less of their internals visible.
All quite doable, but a non-trivial effort. I know I'm too busy to
attack it.
There are sources to a simple terminal emulator in the MSVC samples
directory. Changing it to use sockets wouldn't be all that hard.
Last time I looked, comt didn't work under NT, and so I stopped looking
at it.
There are also terminal emulators in the code in at least two books,
Monk's Windows Programmer's Guide to Serial Communications,
and Nelson's Serial Communications, a C++ developers's Guide.
Since I'd much rather write C++ than C, I prefer Nelson's.
I use ewan as a terminal emulator, got it from cica or wustl, I forget
which. Dunno if sources are availavle.
SKey would work if you are talking to a unix box that you can get
the admin to change.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1995-01-31 06:13:58
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: AT&T and VLSI Encryption device 
Today's (1/31) Washington Post has a tiny blurb that AT&T and VLSI will
announce a hardware encryption device for use in lots of
communications devices, including cell phones, PDAs, etc.
Today's Wall Street Journal has a bit more, says that it uses
3-DES and is a market rejection of Clipper. Also contains a quote
from Jim Bidzos of RSA/PKP. But there is little detail. There
was no mention of what PKP technology is used in the hardware.
I assume that AT&T has liscensed DH for session key exchange.
They could be using RSA with the keys embedded in ROM/EEPROM.
Anyone got any technical details?
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1995-07-14 06:29:35
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Fight, or Roll Over? 
In message Thu, 13 Jul 1995 02:41:12 -0800,
OK, lets start some traditional politics.
Anyone know what commitee has jurisdiction?
Then the next step is who is on the commitee?
Then which cypherpunks are constituents of the commitee members?
At least some on the list write software for a living, or run ISPs and this
could effect their livelihood. Talk economic impact, not buzzwords
like "freedom" and apple pie.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-07-14 07:01:42
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Fight, or Roll Over? 
In message Thu, 13 Jul 1995 16:12:16 -0700,
My cut on why it failed is that lobbying is too hard to do effectivly on a
part time basis, and those attending that the meeting realised it.
On a full time basis, lobbying is expensive, and requires that you raise
tons of money. The EFF found tons of money, and sponsored last year's
Digital Telephony disaster. He who pays the piper names the tune. EFF
got lots of corporate money, and "liked" the 94 DT bill.
So they're gone.
I read this in their actions too.
Cypherpunks write code?
There is nothing vaguely pro-government about much of strong cryptography.
Tim's sig, fall of governments, and all that. Why should they listen to us?
Write code. Send money to EPIC and ACLU, let them lobby.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-07-20 08:18:57
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Netscape the Big Win 
I'm not about to argue that the web isn't the hotest thing on the net,
which is the hotest thing in computing... But I've got a question
that I can't resolve.
The current trend is to bundle all types of functionality into huge
monolithic programs. Add mail to netscape, add encryption, add ...
Yet most of the computers people use are multi-windows, and soon most
will even be multi-tasking.
Why are all-in-one programs so preferable to using the windowing
capabilities that are built into every X-window, Mac or Windows system?
Why not use the best mail client, another best webcrawler, and yet another
news reader?
Microsoft has been preaching the use of OLE and component programs as its
development vision for 2+ years, Macs have been popular for ten years,
why is the trend still towards adding every possible bell and whistle
to single programs?
With components, it wouldn't be hard to have a universal
Encryption/Signature module. It would get arround any propriatary
restriction that vendors may or may not try to enforce ("can Netscape be
extended or not" becomes moot).
Is clicking on another icon really too hard?
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-10-03 13:24:28
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Oct 14 DC-area physical meeting 
Sorry to send this to 800+ folks, this is the only announcement I'll
send this month.
The October DC-area cypherpunks meeting will be on Saturday, Oct. 14
at 3:00 PM at the Digital Express offices in Laurel.
For more information (directions, agenda, etc.), please see url:
Additional agenda topics solicited!
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1995-09-01 13:28:27
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Key Escrow Workshop agenda & discussion paper 3 
The following message segment:
 ------------------------------
Fri, 01 Sep 1995 15:30:46 -0400
                                          September 1, 1995
Dear Participant:
       Thank you for agreeing to participate in the two-day meeting
on software key escrow encryption.  We are anxious to work with
you and other industry representatives to facilitate development
of exportable key escrow encryption in software products.  I look
forward to the workshop being an important step in that process.
 ---------------------------------
 Was sent to the following folks. I assume that this means that
these people are participants.  I see Dan W from CDT, Soble from EPIC
and Whitfield Diffie, on our side, plus assorted folks with stakes
such as tis.com and netscape.com
And of course, DERD for the other side.
Blank Unicorn had posted to c'punks that he was attending. Of course,
while I know what he looks like, I have no idea which nym is his.
List of attendees/registered participants follows:
 100436.3361 at compuserve.com,
 73167.2027 at compuserve.com,
 73534.3011 at compuserve.com,
 75300.3232 at compuserve.com,
 76225.2603 at compuserve.com,
 ablee at mitre.org,
 ads012 at email.corp.mot.com,
 ams at eit.com,
 amte09 at email.corp.mot.com,
 asteen at novell.com,
 baum at world.std.com,
 bekutz at aol.com,
 bflowe at mcimail.com,
 bill.poulos at oga.eds.com,
 bill.poulos at oga.eds.com,
 branstad at tis.com,
 bsaclu at aol.com,
 c.baggett at cablelabs.com,
 carol.donovan at network.com,
 ccrafton at gi.com,
 charlesabzug at acm.org,
 ckc at rfpo1.rfc.comm.harris.com,
 cmo at cohnmarks.com,
 coallen at us.oracle.com,
 cpadilla at attmail.com,
 cpadilla at attmail.com,
 csmith at steptoe.com,
 davery at grci.com,
 david_rose at ccm.fm.intel.com,
 ddodson at nist.gov,
 denning at cs.cosc.georgetown.edu,
 deyoung at rpcp.mit.edu,
 dinsmore at tis.com,
 djw at cdt.org,
 dkozlay at ire.com,
 dmiller at spa.org,
 Don_Sortor-ads012 at email.corp.mot.com,
 ebarker at nist.gov,
 ed at tecsec.com,
 emessmer at world.std.com,
 ezzy_dabbish-amte09 at email.corp.mot.com,
 flahavin at csmes.ncsl.nist.gov
 french at zeke.enet.dec.com,
 gomes at dockmaster.ncsc.mil,
 gordon at ipower.nsc.com,
 hoffman at seas.gwu.edu,
 housley at spyrus.com,
 hoydyshd at mcln.unisysgsg.com,
 i.goldsmith at nexor.co.uk,
 infocker at megaweb.com,
 jackk at microsoft.com,
 jag at jgvandyke.com,
 jaltman at milchev.com,
 jamanni at missi.ncsc.mil,
 james.hughes at network.com,
 jdrandall at vnet.ibm.com,
 jean_m_baronas at co.xerox.com,
 jeff.rulifson at Eng.Sun.COM,
 jeff at netscape.com,
 jerry at ods.com,
 jgheiner at aol.com,
 jimmy at ipower.nsc.com,
 jimn at calv1.cray.com,
 jkrauss at cpcug.org,
 john at ipower.nsc.com,
 john_pascatore at ivision.com,
 jroberts at cmp.com,
 js at cup.hp.com,
 jseiger at cdt.org,
 jwinston at ota.gov,
 jya at pipeline.com,
 jya at pipeline.com,
 kandy at micf.nist.gov,
 karen.randall at att.com,
 kawamoto at mitre.org,
 kaye at ix.netcom.com,
 kent_landfield at sterling.com,
 khrose at annap.infi.net,
 klensin at mci.net,
 lc2m at andrew.cmu.edu,
 lcarnahan at nist.gov,
 lhg at nrc.gov,
 lovornj at usva8.dyncorp.com,
 lshomo at hqops.hq.nasa.gov,
 lthrash at hqamc.army.mil,
 lydia.bell at tip.navsea.navy.mil,
 maitgmu at aol.com,
 martin.ferris at treas.sprint.com,
 mary_smolenski at ita.doc.gov,
 mbohannon at banyan.doc.gov,
 mccord at nosc.mil,
 melanie.carter-maguire at nt.com,
 mendelson at tis.com,
 mfa at compaq.com,
 michael.palgon at sciatl.com,
 mignon at atc.boeing.com,
 mikus at viacrypt.com,
 mjl at liii.com,
 mpapillo at snap.org,
 mpapillo at snap.org,
 mppulkk at mikropc.fi,
 mrainey at itic.nw.dc.us,
 murray2 at vnet.ibm.com,
 natstrat at dgs.dgsys.com,
 nazario at csmes.ncsl.nist.gov,
 paradise at wellsfargo.com,
 pfarrell at netcom.com,
 pjclark at ix.netcom.com,
 po7114 at email.mot.com,
 polk at csmes.ncsl.nist.gov,
 powar at visa.com,
 randy at mci.net,
 ravenis at novell.wd.cubic.com,
 rjg9324 at glaxo.com,
 rjoconnor at aol.com,
 rmedlock at mitre.org,
 roberth at bsa.org,
 rolfe.doc.gov at micf.nist.gov,
 rozzie at iris.com,
 rwessman at us.oracle.com,
 sbaker at steptoe.com,
 Schneck at mitre.org,
 Schneck at ncsl.nist.gov,
 sevans at csn.com,
 shabbir at panix.com,
 simona at sea.org,
 sking at mitre.org,
 sltm at msg.ti.com,
 snouffer at st1.ncsl.nist.gov,
 sobel at epic.org,
 squires at arpa.mil,
 stuart at bellcore.com,
 stw at atc.boeing.com,
 sullivan at interramp.com,
 tajalli at tis.com,
 tec.teclgl at micf.nist.gov,
 ted_gerbracht at ml.com,
 tfuhrman at ostp.eop.gov,
 thomas_clare at sterling.com,
 trivers at is.ge.com,
 trstsc at tevm2.nsc.com,
 ttobin at atl.ge.com,
 wafranklin at attmail.com,
 walker at tis.com,
 walt at osf.org,
 walters at snad.ncsl.nist.gov,
 wford at bnr.ca,
 whitehurst at vnet.ibm.com,
 whitfield.diffie at Eng.Sun.COM,
 whpayne at abq-ros.com,
 wmcglone at milchev.com,
 wright at dockmaster.ncsc.mil,
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-03 23:11:39
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon, and a section on Escrow and Reputations 
I too got tired of Netcom's anon ftp server.
An unaltered, ASCII copy of Tim's CP-FAQ is available as
This is a low usage site, so response should be fine.
BTW, there is a page for the DC-area Cypherpunks as
And a guide to every US GovernmentWWW page that I could find
(including locations of spook facilities) starting at
Other crypto related resources are available starting at
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-04 09:55:34
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Key attributes (was: pseudonyms & list health) 
Did he perchance work for some US Federal Agency such as NIS&T?
Or a large corporation?
My small PGP key was created at the National Computer Security Conference
in 1992. About half the attendees were NSA, and lots more were from
assorted defense and civilian agancies. During the free time, I talked
to a bunch of them about Phil's web of trust.
I had a really hard time understanding with where they were comming from,
and they had no clue as to why I thought hierarchical CA chains are
so bad.
I didn't convince anyone. But I have come to understand that if you spend
your entire working life in a job that is structured from the President
on down a heirarchy, you can't imagine any other organizational structure.
This includes the obvious LEAs such as FBI, ATF, all the Defense folks
and sppoks like CIA, DIA, NSA, and the standards "setting"
folks out at NIS&T.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-04 09:55:39
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Acceptable NIS&T restrictions 
If we can break away from t-shirts as munitions...
I'm going to the NIS&T session this week. I'm trying to figure out
what, if any, part of the process can be made acceptable to
those in favor of bringing US policy into the 90s. I'm not sure
that this is possilbe.
NIS&T published (and it has been reposted to the list and sci.crypt
many times) their goals. Can we make suggestions to any that
are acceptable and realistic?
Here are some of their criteria:
    "Avoiding multiple encryption -- How can the product be
     designed so as to prevent doubling (or tripling, etc.) the
     key space of the algorithm?"
CME has been suggesting DES | TRAN | DES | TRAN | DES
for years. Can they really _avoid_ (i.e. prevent) this?
    "Disabling the key escrow mechanism -- How can products be
     made resistant to alteration that would disable or
     circumvent the key escrow mechanism?  How can the "static
     patch" problem be avoided?  How can this be tested?"
This is easy in hardware. Is it even possible in software?
    "Practical Key Access -- How can mechanisms be designed so
     that repeated involvement of escrow agents is not required
     for decryption for multiple files/messages during the
     specified access period?"
At least this has a chance of being real. We need to have a suggestion
for expiration times for the escrowed keys. This was a huge problem with the
initial Clipper.
Is there a reasonable middle ground between long term keys such
as PGP uses, and the ephemeral keys of a D-H exchange?
    "Certified escrow agents -- Can products be designed so that
     only escrow agents certified by the U.S. government
     (domestic, or under suitable arrangements, foreign) are
     utilized?  What should be the criteria for an acceptable
     U.S. escrow agent?"
We all know that Tim's Flakey Key Escrow Service is most likely not
"an acceptable US escrow agent." But since CKE is a good thing, what
are the characteristics of an acceptable service to us?
I've added the discussion "topics" that NIS&T sent to participants to my
WWW pages if you want to see them all,
But I expect that most of the criteria that I edited out are
unacceptable to most on this list. Without further discussion.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-05 19:33:24
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
Uni is right. Notes used RSA, which starts out fine. but it has
nothing  like PGP's passphrase to protect the private key. You can
simply copy the "username.ID" file, and you can sign and encrypt
messages with "username"'s nym.
Of course, Corporate america loves Notes, which is why IBM bought it.
Weak encryption for weak minds.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-07 04:26:42
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Notes from NIS&T Key Escrow Export conference. 
Here are my noted and remembered impressions from Wedensday's NIS&T conference on key escrow (aka GAK) export. Please note that there is a separate conference next week on creating a FIPS PUB standard for key escrow. That standard will be promulgated, just as GOSIP, POSIX and Clipper/Skipjack were promulgated. This export conference was separate from that FIPS standardization process.
I got stuck in a construction traffic jam, and missed the introductory
speaches. Perhaps one of the other c'punks can fill us all in on what I
The first item is that the export criteria will be changed. A small number
of bits will be added to unescrowed crypto, and 64-bit escrow'd (GAK'd)
systems will be allowed. They don't care which algorithm is used, DES, RC4,
blowfish, etc. They care about key length. If it is short enough, it is
The conference seemed to be an attempt to co-opt industry into agreeing
that 64-bit GAK is much better than the current situation. After all,
it would be too strong for a "hacker in France" to break it.
When they opened the floor, there were a few comments/questions
that indicated that not everyone was convinced that this was a good thing.
I pointed out some graduate students don't consider "hacker" a compliment,
and that I thought Damian did a great job breaking RC4-40. I also pointed
out that it was broken again in 31 hours with a "bunch of commercial
systems, Sun and Pentiums" with no need for suaercomputers. I then asked if the criteria were fixed, as setting criteria controls the
result. The NIS&T approved board said that changes to the criteria was part of why the conference was being held.
The next hour and a half was presentation from "industry." Essentially
comments on the proposal. Nearly all of the spokesmen said that the criteria
were flawed. Some said that they already had commercial products
that met most of the real needs of the industry (key recovery) but they
didn't meet the NIS&T/NSA "criteria." Probably the strongest was the
condamnation by Robert Holleyman of the Business Software Alliance.
Hollyman said that BSA represents firms such as Microsoft, Novell, Lotus,
Sybase, SCO, Autodesk, and Intergraph. He said that current policy "directly
threatens" the industry because of "The US Government's continuing refusal
to adopt realistic export control policies." He went on and on.
It was clear that his position is that the proposed policy is a mistake.
After the presentations, there were more questions. I proposed one
additional criteria (based on email that I received from the c'punks):
How do we expire court approved access to encrypted data, so that once the
court orders are over, the LEAs no longer have the ability to decrypt.
The answer was that with clipper, special hardware is needed, and it goes
away when the court order does. I asked how that model worked in a software
only world. There were mumbled statements about adding it as a criteria.
The conference then broke for lunch and breakout groups. The one I was in
discussed criterias 5 and 6 of Topic 3, published in my URL
They are short enought to reproduce here.
5.    The product shall be resistant to any alteration that would
      disable or circumvent the key escrow mechanism, to include
      being designed so that the key escrow mechanism cannot be
      disabled by a static patch, (i.e., the replacement of a
      block of code by a modified block).
6.    The product shall not decrypt messages or files encrypted
      by non-escrowed products, including products whose key
      escrow mechanisms have been altered or disabled.
After I commented that the person writing the notes has the ability to
detirmine what was said, the folks from NSA and NIS&T asked me to take the notes. I love it; but I did try to be objective.
In the middle of this discussion, a government-generated, but anonymnous
paper was distributed. It had "Example Suggested Solutions." It suggeeted
that source code not be available for products suitable for export. It also
suggested other ideas, such as storing a checksum/hash and having the
system "check the cryptographic code several times during its use." There was a strong reaction against these suggestions, not because they were
bad ideas, but because the paper was delivered with no prior publication.
This precluded any planned response to its ideas.
We reworded  to say "want to Trust the Product." This means that it is untampered, works as expected, etc. We then hashed out ways to know this. The list ended up looking like:
1. is available only as object code
2. contains some "hash" function to check for modifications
3. contains some unique hash, with uniqueness based upon something         like "site," "per copy" or "per release" 4. Contains policies against modification, such as liscense language                against decompilation.
5. OS-related security, such as runs "protected mode" instead of as a         wild DOS program.
Of course, the software vendors went wild against "per copy" identifiers,
saying it would add two orders of magnitude worth of problems to The items on the list were not "must have all of these" rather it was
a pick-and-chose menu. We also required that the standard allow
for technical innovation to keep up with the evolving state of the art.
The discussion of  was more lively. We took a long time figuring out what
it said. For instance, could ViaCrypt sell a product that was compatible
with PGP 2.6.2 (non-escrowed) that also worked with the new escrowed
ciphers? It seems to me, and a lot of other folks there, that such a product
would be non-exportable. We simplified the criteria to:
  "right products won't talk to wrong products."
with "right products" meaning those that are exportable, and wrong products
being those that aren't, or are hacked, or ...
We then developed "goals" including:
1. One version for sale worldwide
2. Allow development in the US
3. Domestic Law Enforcement Agencies want Escrowed (I almost wrote GAK :-)
4. Must interoperate with everything
5. Receiver can only decrypt if escrow agencies can decrypt.
This leads to a bunch of issues and observations, including:
a. Can goals 1, 2, and 4 be met simultaneously?
There was a suggestion of a "friendly man-in-the-middle" who would
receive a GAK'd conversation, and strip off the GAK parts, and reencrypt
it, and retransmit it to a non-GAK user. Which leads to:
b. Can we prohibit a friendly MITM?
The big issue was:
c. Startup compatibility. No one will buy products unless they have
sales attractiveness. This means compatibility with existing systems.
Yet the criteria  seems to say that approved products must refuse
backwards compatibility.
This was labeled a "non starter" by the group.
The consensus was that companies can develop a substantial competitive
advantage by developing off-shore and offering both escrowed encryption
and compatibility with existing systems.
There was a discussion of grandfathering in some technologies.
This was to help interoperability. The conversation became fuzzy,
Grandfather technologies included DES, 3-DES, IDEA, and long key RC4.
One key idea was that it may make sense to allow software that encrypts with
escrowed keys, but can also decrypt with any algorithm. This allows the LEA's
to access outgoing messages, while allowing interoperability.
The discussions frequently wandered to discuss the language of the criteria.
The wording was considered simultaneously too subjective  and impractical.
For example, we considered the phrase "tamper resistant" to be preferable to the original "prevent tampering," because it is impossible to absolutly
prevent modification to software.
The issue of interoperability was raised repeatedly. It is critical that exportable products interoperate with other,
existing export products. The last issue in the session was that the length of the key, 64-bits,
was defined in criteria  There was no discussion at the conference on
this criteria. It seems that the NIS&T and NSA folks believe that
this is a closed topic. The folks in the session did not agree. They
felt that 64-bits was not enough.
Once the breakout session was over, the entire conference met together, and the "reporter" from each session reported their comments and findings.
All breakout sessions had suggested changes. The group that discussed
criteria  recommended removing it. The group that discussed criteria  (no multiple encryption) reported that industry was working on a general solution to the problem of key recovery, and that their solution would probably appear as quickly without the government's "help." Several groups identified that there are at least two separate problem domains: communications and data storage. Communications typically is short term, and has unique keys for each session. Data storage has far fewer keys that are used
for long periods. Several speakers suggested that while communications
keys were not suited to be escrowed, there was a large need for
key recovery for data storage. There was no response from the government
representatives to any of these points. One government speaker
did say that there would be a Federal key escrow standard, period.
After the combined session, there were more break-out sessions. In the one
that I attended, the folks from National Semiconductor described their
CAKE system. This is a smartcard/PCMCIA device that uses 2000+ bit public/private key encryption and signatures. They are hoping for export
approval; it is necessary for the project to be viable.  The system looks
pretty interesting, but it too complicated to describe here. In short, random session keys are generated and signed with a Data Recovery Center's
public key. The LEAs could then send encrypted session keys to the DRC, which would decrypt them, and return the unencrypted session keys which
the LEA could then used to decrypt the messages.
While this is a hardware system, its concepts could be transfered to a software implementation.
One obvious problem is that NS' system doesn't meet criteria  (retuiring
repeated involvement of the escrow agent), since it may require
hundreds or thousands of session key decipherments. It also has
a number of attractive features, such as never sending the private
key anywhere, only the session key is escrowed.
The general discussion showed concerns that in the international
community, requiring government escrow may cause lose of valuable data,
as some foriegn governments are not as trustworthy as the US. It was
the consensus that requiring users to have 50 or more escrow centers was
unworkable. Yet this could be required for large multinational companies
working in 50 or more countries, if each required a local key escrow service.
The NS model would allow both date stamping of session keys, and periodic
rekeying. Either would satisfy my "unaccepted" Citeria  technical
limits to the time that a court ordered decryption could be executed.
There was a discussion of changing the criteria so that only the transmission
of data was concerned with escrow. This would simplify the issue of
multinational escrow. We did not resolve whether this would be sufficient
or acceptable.
Today, we will talk about suitable escrow agencies.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-07 13:02:32
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Notes from NIS&T Key Escrow Export conference. 
This question was asked, it seems like a zillion times, but
probably no more than four or five times.
It is a bit of a belt and suspenders idea. But it also shows how
scared they are about real encryption.
It is clear that this meeting is a shame. Everyone in industry
says it won't be marketable. The Govies say it will be great.
What they really want is to force weak crypto on the US by
forcing the vendors to make a weak product "for export" when
all the vendors say that they have to have _only one_ version.
If they have one version, and it is weak, we are safe from
drug dealers, pedophiles and terrorists.
(BTW, I'm used that phrase yesterday, so it should be in the Federal
register's offical record.)
No, they don't care about the cipher, only the key length,
But with a 64bit, GAK'd key, you can't say much without repeating
the P, and that makes it a TTP or a FTP (two time pad, or four time pad)
which isn't very useful.  You probably can gzip "attack at dawn" to
64 bits, but not much more.
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1995-09-07 18:18:20
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Notes from NIS&T Key Escrow Export conference. 
That is what I heard (implied) too. If not today, in a reasonably
foreseeable future. Remember, this is not an issue today, only weirdos
such as the c'punks care today. The govies move slowly. They are
setting the stage for tomorrow.
Sorry for the typo, yes, I meant sham, fake, theater, all smoke  and
mirrors, nothing sincere, etc. See reference to "stage" above.
All typos are mine.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-07 19:52:19
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Key Escrow Papers 
I will gladly put up any nist-meeting papers, comments, drafts, etc.
on my webpage. Please send them to me. (pfarrell at netcom.com)
I am even willing to type in some, but that is known to cause typos,
as I can't type, and even spellcheckers can't tell real words
such as 'sham' from 'shame'
Right now, I'm pretty down on the two days, but lets keep the information
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-08 03:33:25
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NIST notes available 
Thanks to John Young, I have placed the test of the handouts
from Wedensday's and Thursday's meetings on my Nist pages.
url: It is my belief that this meeting was a staged presentation. Nearly every industry representative
said that this was a fatally flawed idea. It was "a non-starter." The government representatives
said that they heard the comments, but insisted on proceeding. The most depressing presentation was Thursday morning, made
by a high level Dept of Justice flack. I'll have to dig out my
notes, his name was Geoff G...
He presented the usual drug dealer, pedophile and terrorist line,
and added corrupt government officials. He pretended to talk about
foriegn bad guys. Nearly all were domestic. He clearly wants
weak GAK so that he can decrypt anything domestically that
he wants.
It is clear to me that the government intends that industry provide crippled encryption "for export"
with the never stated expectation that since industry has repeatedly said that they want only one
version of products, capable of being sold worldwide, that Domestic products will be crippled. It is equally clear from representatives of IBM, Compaq, DEC, Lotus, and others that I talked to, that crypto product development will simply move offshore. Ireland, Israel, and Germany already have significant experience in developing commercial software. It is depressing to hear our Commerce department chasing technology and jobs overseas.
GAK is bad enough. Weak GAK makes me gag.
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1995-09-08 06:39:12
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Day 2, nist GAK meeting 
BCc: Thursday's GAK Export meeting started with reports from the prior
afternoon's breakout meetings. I reported on the session I was in,
saying what I posted to the list yesterday (about National Semi's product,
etc.) The other breakout groups reported their problems with the
criteria, again asking that  be dropped, longer, keys, etc.
The presentation for Group "A" was different. It was a speach.
It asked that the process be stopped to let industry develop
market-driven solutions. It was greeted by applause from the
vendors and privacy advocates, with no reaction from the
government representatives.
Randy Williams of Commerce, and Dan Cook of State, described the
current export approval process. Lots of talk of jurisdictions
and types of liscenses. I quickly got lost in the jargon.
The moderator wisecracked that the official language of the session
was English. You couldn't tell from some of the exchanges.
They were questioned on import restrictions. Both Williams and Cook
said that there are no import restrictions into the US. They also
pointed out that Treasury, not State or Commerce, has jurisdiction over
An engineer from Compaq asked a question: He said that his company
buys liscenses to software, and bundles it as "value added" to
their systems. They are interested in bundling in security features.
He asked if his computers would then be subject to export restrictions.
The answer was yes. He asked if he could purchase security software
overseas and import it. The answer was again yes. He asked if
he could install that software on his computers, again yes. And
export the computers, NO. They didn't even seem to think that this
was illogical.
So Commerce, State, and the rest of the government are activly
encouraging the development of competing software industries in
Israel, Germany and other counrties. I hate to think what they'd
do if they tried to hurt US industry.
And interesting tidbit came up after the session. In an offline
conversation, the topic of "personal use export" came up. A
reliable source said that revised regulations are being developed,
and will, be avaialble soon. I explicitly asked if this meant
"PGP on a notebook computer" and was told, Yes, that will be allowed;
with the usual rules that it can't be for export, you can't be attempting
to sell it, etc. Personal use, carry out and carry back. The "source" was
asked if they had read Matt Blaze's personal use disaster story.
The name didn't ring a bell, but the story was well know and considered
a nightmare.
Penny Brummitt of NSA was to talk about Clipper's key escrow agents,
but called in sick. I didn't catch the name of the replacement.
He talked about Clipper's process, not as an example of what will
be required for GAK agents, but as an "existance proof" that some
agents can be found.  The essence was that Clipper escrow facilities are
strong, and staffed with people cleared to the "Secret" level. They also
tosed out the phrase "US Person" in regard to the corporate entity that is
responsible for the contract.
Geoff Greiveldinger, of the US Department of Justice, gave a frequently
inaudible recounting of the evils of strong encryption in the war
on D, P, & T, and also corrupt mayors. He was very personable. He also
sounded like a fascist. Throughout the meeting, all sides tried to
have a civil discussion, even though we disagreed. It was
impossible to stay civil through his drivel. Ruby Ridge and Furman
had been unmentionable up until his speach.
Mr. Greiveldinger said that acceptable escrow agents will be in the US.
This caused considerable concern among vendors trying to sell
in the International market.
Dan Weitzer of CDT (the EFF spinoff) gave a short, rousing speach. It
was a call to arms. He said that since NIS&T was ignoring the
consistant input from industry to stop this silly and stupid GAK, that
we need to immediately contact our congresscritters.
Ken Mendelsen [sic?] of TIS gave a great speach. He suggested that
the critera for escrow agents be the same as the form to export tanks
and other munitions. Then he showed the one page form used by State.
He argued that legislative solutions to the escrow agent approval process
will take too long and kill the effort. I'll try to get copies of his
F.W. Gerbracht, Jr a VP Merril Lynch, represented the Securities Industry
Association. He said that they are willing to work with the government,
but they need long keys, strong ciphers, and international escrow agents.
He used the phrase "unlimited algorithms and keyspace" as a requirement.
They also need buy in from their regulators, and presented a long list
of SEC, CFT, NYSE, NASDealers, and 50 state regulators, all who have
to sign off.
Nanette DiTosto of Bankers Trust gave a short, to the point presentation.
She said that BT has a commercial key escrow service, but that was not
what she wanted to get accross. She said that multinational banks demand
strong encryption and non-US escrow agents. And that they would
settle for nothing less.
A speaker from VTW gave a nice presentation. VTW is something like
voter's telecommunications watch. They have a mailing list, at
listproc at vtw.org. He said that escrow was doomed to failure. That there
is no middle ground. I'll try to get his slides too.
Jack Wack of TECSEC gave a pitch for his shrinkwrapped product. He
said it is exportable now, they've jumped through all the hoops.
He also gave a great crack from his son. It want roughly like:
"Dad, if you own the data before you encrypt it, how come the
government says you don't own it after you encrypt it?"
It brought down the house. (if someone has a more accurate quote, please
let me have a copy).
Professor Hoffman of George Washington gave a great speach. He listed
the Al Gore to Maria Cantwell letter's criteria, as a matrix. He then
filled in the matrix with the Export GAK's criteria. It was painfully
obvious that the NIST/NSA propsal didn't come close. He recommended
that they focus closly on the Gore criteria, and come up with an
approach that meets all the the criteria.
While I planned on staying for the remainder of the meeting, a crisis
came up at my day job. I can't say I was looking forward to more,
a day and a half was enough for me, and I wasn't the only person leaving
early. Attendance was down visibly Thursday relative to the first day
p.s. please let me know if this one's pgp sig is better than yesterday's
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1995-09-09 11:59:27
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Sigh Re: not a flame please read and think about this 
Subject line is bull*&^&, IMHO, of course
Learn to spell my name. It is on my .sig, my keys, and in my userid.
We blockheaded, Irish Catholic Americans are damn proud of our name.
Farrell's (along with other cheap Irish labor) built the railroads
from Chicago west.  Please spell it correctly, even if you are flaming me.
I doubt that this clown deserves a response, but...
There were a number of cypherpunks there. I can't speak for all,
but I expect movites include:
- attempting to clarify vague and confusing wording so we could
understand what they wanted.
- seeing that working with them, rather than yelling at their stupidity,
has a higher chance of getting results.
- we got to meet influential folks from industry who agree with us.
- some of us aren't completely apposed to CKE. I think it has value.
If we could convert their plan for GAK into CKE, it would be a big win,
well worth the effort.
- they are going to promulgate a FIPS PUB standard next week, whether I like
it or not, and whether I help or not. It is better to have that standard
understandable and clear than fuzzy and subject to subective evaluation.
- getting preposterous misstatements into the formal Federal Register so
we can quote it back to them in the congressional hearings. Mr Geoff
Greivelddinger's words should be handy to quote, for one example.
- there are lots more, but I doubt that I can convince this clown.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-09 12:37:44
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DC-area Meeting Sept 16 
The next DC-area cypherpunks meeting will be next Saturday afternoon
at Digex's headquarters in suburban Maryland.  Please mark
your calendars.
Directions, maps, and exact time will be published soon.
Doug Humphrey says that the office is less than one mile from
public transportation. Carpools worked for the last meeting,
so I expect rides from Northern Virginia and even Baltimore can
be arrainged.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-11 05:57:18
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Media coverage of NIST Export meetings? 
Has anyone seen any media coverage of last week's meetings?
I haven't seen anything in either the Washington Post or
the Wall Street Journal. Nothing on radio or local TV either.
I don't expect much coverage, as Joe Sixpack has no knowledge of
why he should be interested. But I expected at least a paragraph
hidden somewhere inside.  Perhaps I missed it.
Anyone else seen any???
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-11 13:54:22
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: More NIST presentations available 
I've collected more presentations and comments for last week's NIST GAK
meeting. I've got CDT's presentation and new policy response, VTW's presentation, and David Lesher's post from talk.politics.crypto.
is the starting point.
If you seem more, please forward it to me. Thanks
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1995-09-12 13:01:10
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DC-C'punks meeting 
Sorry to waste list bandwidth for the 600 folks too far
away to care about this...
The next DC-area c'punks meeting will be September 16, it will be at the Digex headquarters offices in Beltsville, probably starting about 3:00 PM. Digital Express Group
6800 Virginia Manor Road
Beltsville Maryland 20705
(301) 847-5000 Directions to DIGEX
drive on Route 1 a few miles, maybe as many as three or four.
You will see a Ritz Camera Center. Turn left onto Ritz Way.
At the second street, turn Right onto Virginia Manor Road.
You are now near 6800 Virginia Manor Road.
Digex is the last building on the Right. If you need more information, email me, or see my
 page.
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1995-09-13 19:22:33
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Can GAK be made "not interoperable" with PGP? 
The breakout session that I was in was directly charged with this issue.
We talked at length about it. There were NIS&T and NSA folks at the session.
The consensus was that the Government wanted to prevent a version of PGP
that was export enabled (GAK and short keys) that would be backward
The group stated strongly that this was a "non starter." That is,
it was unacceptable. Vendors wanted "sales appeal." That means
compatibility with existing software. And compatibility with existing
export-approved systems. [DES has been exported to "friendly" countries
with strict controls.]
And criteria  specifically outlawed superencryption.
No DES | TRAN | DES | TRAN | DES.
They were serious. talk to CME, he was in that session.
I believe that this criteria is stupid, or at least ill-advised.
But the govies insisted.
All the more justification to ignore the US rules and develop
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-14 04:39:39
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DD, pedaphiles, and Terrorists, oh my 
Today's Washington Post (9/14) has a front page article on a bust of
12 computer using pedaphiles.
NBC news is saying that Janet Reno will have a news conference
later this morning.
Tomorrow near NIS&T, the workshop on the Federal Key Escrow Standards
will be held.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-15 05:03:32
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Why ecash is traceable 
Yes, good job Hal.
Because you lose most (all?) anonymous abilities. (I think)
So when the money Alice gave to Bob gets deposited by TCMay,
That it was Alice's is instantly known. This is not how physical cash works.
There is a chain from TCMay through some number of steps to Bob.
Even if you can't find it with this single case, you could use
a zero-knowledge type proof to slowly uncover Bob's identity.
I keep wanting to believe in ecash, but I'm not convinced
it can exist.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-16 07:22:53
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Wash Post coverage of NIST Key escrow-export 
Today's washington post has some coverage (finally) of the
encryption/key-escrow/FIPS standards issues. Headline is
Feuding again erupts over encryption exports
I typed in the text. url:
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1995-09-20 05:11:07
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: netscape's response 
The Washington Post ran an article today in the Business section. Its
byline said Elizabeth Corcoran.  It refered to the four hour attack figure.
It appeared to be mostly a rewrite of the Netscape press release -- nearly
no quotes, no quoted local sources (TIS, Denning, etc.)
I expect that many papers that are far from Silicon Valley will
print it with a similar spin.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-20 17:28:40
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Selling our spin. was: Cypherpunks Press release 
I think the "exact" process varies with the journalist. But you have
it generally correct. The press runs on reputations. When a writer
gets a story, they look for "reliable sources" to contact. Reputations
are based on a lot of things, including knowledge, speaking ability, looks
and the ability to emit a sound-bite that is interesting. it is a strange
process. I mean, I even got on CNN during the Morris worm.
Tim is right, there is no "we" here. We can't have an official spokesperson,
we don't agree on much. But we can work from the ground up. There
are a number of serious cryptographers on the list, or at least
friendly to the list when the S/N ratio makes sense.
With a little work, we should be able to find a fairly long list of
media contacts. We can even make it media friendly.
Doug Humphrey of Digex (nice to have a security-related company President)
Bob Stratton of UU.Net (corporate security wiz)
Carl Ellison of TIS (usually on c'punks light and at all DCcp meetings)
probably others at TIS such as Ken Mendelsen or Steve Walker
For the political side, the folks at EFF, CDT, EIPC, etc.
And there are others that could be good contacts, such as
William H Murray of Delloite and Touche,
Matt Blaze of [Bellcore|BellLabs]
It might take a while to get permission for referal, but I expect that
most security consultants would consider being quoted in mainstream
press to be good advertizing.
If we make it easy, anyone would be willing to take advantage of the
resource. We should also inclue a representative sample of folks who
disagree with us. Any real list should include Dorothy Denning and other
supporters. We can simply stack the deck.
We can make sure that the mainline journalists know where to look, and
make sure that CDT, EFF, ACLU, and EPIC have references that are ready when
they are asked for referals.
Assuming my web server recovers from the mention in comp.risks, I'm
more than willing to accept suggestions and have a "security spokes-folks"
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1995-09-21 06:28:44
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Patents and trade secrets was: Encryption algorithms used in PrivaSoft 
This will change in the US fairly soon. It is fallout of one of the
world-wide trade and tarriff treaties -- we have to make our
patent process be more in line with the rest of the world.
One of the big technical challenges that the PTO and PRC have is how
to release in-process patents securly. (PRC is the systems integrator
for the PTO's APS (advanced Patent System) that had all the text and images
of all patents since 1970 online.)
They have even talked about putting patents on the WWW, but actually doing
it is quite a way off in the future.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1996-04-11 00:11:26
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DC-area cypherpunks physical meeting with Saturday 
As advertised, the next DCCP meeting will be this weekend, April 13, at 3:00 at Digex. see  for
a tiny bit more info. As usual, topics and speakers welcome.
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1996-01-04 09:35:05
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: crypto (semi-)export issue 
At the December NIST Key Escrow/GAK export meeting, Mike Nelson said that
there are rules that allow US companies to "easily" export strong encryption
to their overseas operations. The important (key :-) idea
is that the export is to protect the corporate assetts of US companies.
He seemed to imply that exporting, say PGP, for internal corporate use
was fine and easily done.
Other folks later claimed that this wasn't quite as easy as he claimed.
For more, see, Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1996-01-20 23:58:48
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DC area cypherpunks physical meeting, January 27 
The next DC-area cypherpunks meeting will be Satyurday, January 27
at Digex Headquarters offices in Greenbelt MD from 3PM until 6PM.
There was talk of obtaining a cypherpunk-related video to show as a social
event after the meeting. More on that as details become available.
For more information, agenda, directions, etc. see URL:
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1996-01-25 01:57:19
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: [local] Report on Portland Cpunks meeting 
In message Wed, 24 Jan 1996 00:32:37 -0800,
It is pretty hard, that is one of the reasons the web-o-trust is broken.
You can make it better by requiring the person to actually use
the key, which proves that he/she has the passphrase.
At the last key signing at the DC-area cypherpunks meeting, I told
everyone my name was Boris Badanov. Even tho the key's userid
said pfarrell at netcom.com.
Carl Ellison suggests that the signature should have a much weaker meaning,
roughly: "The person owning the secret key associated with this public
key's tag has characteristic X." Obviously X could be "claims to be Pat"
Thus if Lucky gives me a key, I don't know what his/her real name is,
and don't care. All I have to do is see them actually sign something
I give him/her with the key.  Of course we need to rule out
man-in-the-middle attacks. For me, I would buy off on watching the
signing on a standalone laptop while I watch from accross the room.
Interesting atack: Assume there is a chain of keys, with
Lucky feeding keys to Klaus inside the laptop. I'd be signing
what I thought was Lucky's key, but it was really Klaus'.
Of course "Lucky" would have to have the secret passphrase for both
Lucky's and Klaus' keys.  It isn't clear to me if this is an
important case.
Equally questionable are tricks such as using an IR or wireless
transmitter to send my test data to another computer so that the
chain of MITM can be longer.
Pat Farrell    Grad Student      Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1996-03-23 22:11:04
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Martin Marietta Energy Systems' summary of December GAK meeting 
Thanks to John Young, who scanned the snailmail document sent out by NIS&T,
I have made the available on my NIST meeting web the document that NIS&T says
"The enclosed document is an unofficial summary of the December 5, 1995
meeting held at the National Institute of Standards and Technology to
discuss the 64-bit software key escrow encryption exportability initiative."
URL is Nothing really new here, the author recorded essentially what I wrote up
and posted back in December. But this author has a different viewpoint.
Pat Farrell        Grad Student         Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1996-05-22 10:02:57
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Enabling Privacy, Commerce, Security and Public Safety 
in the Global Information Infrastructure
Thanks to Ed Roback, John Young, and "DN", the NIST draft report is
now available.
URL: I will work on making it prettier this evening, but I figured that people
want to get it as soon as possible. Also, as of a couple of hours ago, the paper copy of this was _not_ available at the OMB publications
office (the address in Ms. Frye's posting.) I recommend not trying to call
them, as after you spend time working through their flooded inbasket, you
still won't get it.
So, if you want hard copy, print my file :-)
Pat Farrell      grad student        Infor. Systems and Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1996-05-22 14:31:34
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: alternative sites for NIST GAK 3 draft 
The computer at, and link to,  are slow and old.
If you have trouble, copies are also at:
 and
Other related stuff at eff.org will go here when available. (c.f. .../Key_escrow/Clipper_II and .../Key_escrow/Clipper, predictably).
Pat Farrell        Grad Student         Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1996-05-22 23:26:19
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DC area physical meeting, this saturday 
Appologies to the 1000+ folks who are too far away to care about this...
The next Washington DC area cypherpunks physical meeting will be this saturday,
May 25 at 3:00 PM, at Digex.net. Details, directions, etc. at
Pat Farrell        Grad Student         Info. Systems & Software Engineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available on homepage

@_date: 1996-11-23 09:14:16
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: how much entropy in common answers 
I've been playing arround with some code to implement CME's secret sharing using low entropy answers. (His write-up
is in In the write-up, Carl says " That means that it has very low entropy. For example, a person's first name has only about 8 bits of entropy. Car makes and models have only 2 to 4 bits of entropy -- especially if one is naming cars desirable to a teenager."
Further on, he says "Therefore, if each answer has entropy E, the attacker must correctly guess T=(EK) bits of answers. If T exceeds 90 bits or so, then the user is reasonably secure from answer-guessing attacks." (where K is the number
of questions)
My question is, how do we measure the entropy of each answer so we can
calculate when we've got 90 or so bits.  I know when I was a teenager,
the list of car lust objects was short, and everyone wanted a Mustang or
Camaro, so the entropy of those two choices was much less than half a bit.
A similar idea was mentioned in a critique of the plot of West Side Story.
The question is, on a hot night in Spanish Harlem, what percentage of
women are named "Maria"?
Clearly there are cultural issues involved. The entropy in a question
such as "what is your favorite brother's name?" is low in an Irish
family like mine where names cluster arround choices such as are Patrick,
John, Sean, and Dan.
So how do we measure the entropy objectively?
Pat Farrell    CyberCash, Inc. 			(703) 715-7834
pfarrell at cybercash.com
 standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1996-11-23 14:25:39
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: how much entropy in common answers 
I was really hoping for some insight into the general problem.
If you knew that my family is Irish, that makes certain names
much more likely. Obviously if you know that I've got five brothers,
a little bit of work will probably let you know that they are Tom, Dick,
Harry, Mike, and John. But that is an example of a terrible question for Carl's
approach. I was asking the more general question.
Carl suggested that in general a first name has about eight bits of entropy.
But knowledge of the social environment can seriously reduce it. Jenifer was
a hugely popular name for girls in the US ten to 20 years ago. You'd
expect more Juan's and Jose's in a Hispanic community, just like you'd expect
the Dan's, Pat's, Mike's, in an Irish community.
I know that the classic definition of entropy is, but without knowledge of
the statistical universe that we're dealing with, how can I measure it?
The probability that a male's first name is Harry is probably pretty low
in general, yet it is exactly 20% if you restrict the world to my brothers.
Carl suggested "What was the name of the first person on whom I had a crush?"
But if 33% of the women are named "Maria" in the local universe, then
that is not much entropy. Yet a name of "Maria McGee" is probably fairly high entropy, as it is an unlikely combination. If you were raised
in a small rural area, there might not be all that many possible
answers to Carl's question.
This is exactly the type of local social bias that I want to measure.
We would expect that an older brother could be a role model, etc. and thus
be more likely to be the "favorite"
How do I know when I've got Carl's 90 bits of entropy?
Pat Farrell    CyberCash, Inc. 			(703) 715-7834
pfarrell at cybercash.com
 standard.disclaimer
