
@_date: 1998-08-18 06:11:57
@_author: Leif Ericksen 
@_subject: European freedoms... 
(LONG... summary, AmeriKa lets its people get away with to much.  We try
to spare lives of criminals. Plus the laws are weak so people do not
really fear prision.)
Well lets see.
In America we are allowed to own guns depending on where you are.  As I
understand it in London you can own a gun but it is stored a a gun club
not at your own house.  The Bobbies (sp?) do not carry guns, only the
special forces police units ( like the SWAT of the US. ) It was rumored
once to me if they call those guys our you are as good as dead.
In Japan (my wife as a Marine and was stationed in Okinawa for almost a
year)  if you go to prison you eat fish heads and rice, and you may not
live a long time in the prison (that is what she stated they were told).
Now Singapore does not screw around either.  They just might beat you
with a cane for spray painting your name on the wall. ( The US at best
slaps your hands with a little fine, and maybe community service.)
Lets see now the countries around the Saudi area as I understand it have
tough alcohol, and theft laws.  In some cases your are just terminated
in others you loose a hand.
Now over all I may be way off base, but does it not seem that the US is
a good place to live we have many freedoms.. Commit a crime either get a
slap on the hand or get three squares and a rack. (Oh three meals and a
bed.)  IN some cases being in prison is better for some people here than
not being their. Free food, Free medical care, heat/ac, free workout
equipment, and we now even have those in prison being able to sue the
jailers.  When did that happen anyway, I thought you were supposed to
loose almost all rights once in jail.
DAMN liberal pacifists in this country...  Yes it would suck to go to
jail, *IF* I was living in the streets with now place to go and with no
hope maybe I would commit a crime to get a free bed, meal, et al.
OH another special note:  Towns that have gun laws, like Chicago have
higher crime rates it seems than towns that can have guns.  Like
DesPLains after they enacted a hand gun ban crime increased there. HUMMMM, and as I understand it Chicago already has a ban on hand guns,
but guess what they are all over the place.  Go figure.
Time for AmeriKa to learn from other countries, and get tougher on
CRIME, and people that commit said crimes.  AmeriKa should not punish
those that are trying to be decent people by saying you can not protect
your self.
AmeriKa should not let criminals sue a homeowner that shot them while
they were breaking into said homeowners house. AmeriKa should wake up
and smell the coffee and realize that it is hot and *IF* they are stupid
and spill it on themselves go OH shit I am stupid, and not SUE the food
chain for millions of dollars because the coffee was to hot. AmeriKa,
should do as other countries do...  If person A sues person B, and
person A looses the case, person A should pay person B's legal fees.  As
it is now Person A pays their own fees, and person B pays their own
So do you think we have a little problem here?  I do.  However, I still
believe we live in one of the best places to live in the world. I have
been told this by many of visitors from other countries...
HUMMM  I wonder why.

@_date: 1998-08-26 05:55:06
@_author: Leif Ericksen 
@_subject: Is hate code speech? 
We should that way stupid fools that spill hot coffee on themselves will
not try to sue McDonalds for over 1.2 Million$ because the coffee was to
hot...   Go figure, hot coffee is not supposed to be hot.
Many other countries have laws that if your bring a case to court and
loose you pay the fees of the one you sued.  Any folks from around the
world that can attest to how your country handles cases?

@_date: 1998-12-17 01:29:26
@_author: Leif Ericksen 
@_subject: Norstar Question 
This may be slightly off the topic here sorry...   :(
Ok for those of you that are actually reading this message I have a
question about a  Small Office Norstart Switch/voice mail system.
I have recently taken the task of doing phone admin wehre I work and we
use a Norstar system.  I am waiting on tech support/help folk to get
back to me and wanted to see if I can get the system working before they
Here is the problem.
for some reason the password is not working.  I tried a fewother
combinations to see if it was given some other password, as well I
checked the defaults and I have had NO luck getting into the admin
section.  Thus my question....
If so plese send it to me.   If it means actually having access to the
device I belive it is in a closet that I can get to with the aid of some
other folk here that have the key.

@_date: 1998-09-18 08:20:45
@_author: Leif Ericksen 
@_subject: Encryption and Terrorists 
You make some interesting comments, but here is a few issues to
consider.  Yes, in AmeriKa we are free or are we?
In America the government already has our keys to our house. *IF* they
suspect us of something YES we are free to say *NO* you may not enter my
house.  However, if they come with a search warrant you had better let
them in or they will break down your door, you had better help them find
what they want or they will tear apart your house looking for said items
stated in the search warrant.  *IF* they do not find it, it is the
responsibility of the searching organization to have repairs done for
the damage. (So I have been told by a friend whose brother is a cop.)
You talk about an ATM PIN number, well here is the bigger problem, we
have a Social (Insecurity) Number.  Once you take it and use it you have
stated YES, I will pay my taxes, you pay once you pay for life. (Taxes
were originally voluntary when the program started.  Now it is forced. At least that is what I have heard, I have not researched it yet.  NOTE:
to any IRS agents, I Do and will continue to pay my taxes.  I do not
like it but I rather pay then have you come in and take everything)
Back to the point with the SSN the IRS can freeze ALL your Assets and
lock up your bank accounts and say this money is OURS, they can also
come in and kick you out of your house. (My father had some co-workers
that owed some money to the government, and made the mistake of saying
they could not pay and that they should just take his house.  Guess what
the IRS said MOVE OUT it is OURS!  He should have asked for a payment
plan, he would have been better off.)
No we are not communists, however our country is NO LONGER a REAL
Democracy, it is more of a dictatorship. The government for the people
BY THE PEOPLE is no longer.  IT is a GOVERNMENT FOR THE GOVERNMENT  BY
THE GOVERNMENT.
Think of it we vote for who we want, but do we really get what we want?
Think of it Congress wants a raise they make a motion and vote on it.
DO they let the public vote on it? NO.
Think of it we pay taxes and boy do we pay taxes depending on what state
you live in we have such as the following.
 	    - Federal	
                 The following are some that some areas are trying to                  get in place.
            - Federal
            - City
            - (local and state additional charges?) TAX upon TAX.
I know I missed a few here, and I am sure there are some anti tax folks
out here that could list every single one.  Just think of it though,
when you add all the little taxes up we probably are paying close to 50
- 60% tax rates.  Think of it, the internet is partially funded by our
INCOME tax, and they add an extra tax to it on our phone bill and call
it as such.  Think of it MOST OF THE MAJOR carriers in the US
MCI, SPRINT, AT&T are the PROVIDERS of internet connectivity and we pay
taxes to them already?  Is that about triple or four times taxed there?
I just hope that we do not have a major revolt, against the taxes and
the government.  *IF* we do I am willing to BET if it is really bad like
the revolts WAY back to the time of the Boston Tea Party the UN will
step in and send the MIlitary (US) and say control those folks.  I hope
I do not live to see that.
I will Continue to pay my taxes, and I will continue to vote for who I
think can do the job.  I will start working on getting a business
running so that I can take advantage of all the tax breaks of running a
business.  BUT I will keep it all legal.  That is the only way to get
things going better for yourself is to own your own business, and make
it small enough that it can be just you and your family.
