
@_date: 1998-03-18 10:36:54
@_author: Michael Graffam 
@_subject: EMI, Van Eck, etc. 
Well, for one.. I don't think (speculation, I haven't done any real
investigation into it yet..) that this oft repeated maxim applies to
modern hi-res monitors with super refresh rates. I don't think that a
TV could be used to display emanations from a new monitor. OTOH, I
haven't looked into modern TV technology at all.. I don't know what
the new sets are really capable of. Suffice it to say, you probably
won't be able to modify an older set to snoop on a new monitor set up
at 1280x1024, but if for experiment purposes to just did a text display
you should be able to snoop that with an older set.
I would think that any device of this sort would make the monitor's display rather distorted.. unless you put shielding around it to
protect it, but that same shielding would prevent usable EMR.
Find the Unofficial Tempest Homepage (sorry, dont have the URL handy..
but I found it a few times by searching out the title from altavista)
it has links to Van Eck's original paper, and if memory serves papers
that "fill in" the gaps of Van Eck's work to help in modifying
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Act only according to that maxim by which you can at the same time will that
it should become a universal law.." - Immanuel Kant "Metaphysics of Morals"
** This message not PGP signed because I am logged in through an insecure
** channel. Caution may be warranted.

@_date: 1998-03-30 11:55:05
@_author: Michael Graffam 
@_subject: Deniable Cryptography [was winnowing, chaffing etc] 
Absolutably. I understand that deniabled crypto will help against
a civilized enemy, but it is not an answer for the worst case scenario.
I maintain that algorithms aren't what we really need for this type
of key management. It is nice to be able to give up less important
keys as a matter of convienence, but as long as the user can get
the data so can an attacker.
If we have a physical system that gets key information from the user
through biological feedback that takes stress conditions, blood
pressure, etc into account then if any of these signs are out of the
norm the device can generate bad key information as a result of
this. This insures that the user will not be able to get the information
if he is being physically manipulated. This also has use in areas where we
dont want the user to be authenticated when he is in an odd
state of mind, such as when dealing with weapons systems.
I dont think that biofeedback technology is at the point to make this
usable yet, but I hope that advances are made quickly. The firearms
maker Colt has explored authentication devices for their weapons,
but I dont know the details.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"..subordination of one sex to the other is wrong in itself, and now
one of the chief hindrances to human improvement.." John Stuart Mill
"The Subjection of Women"

@_date: 1998-03-30 13:38:31
@_author: Michael Graffam 
@_subject: Deniable Cryptography [was winnowing, chaffing etc] 
True, we impose limits on our hypothetical attackers. Eve can listen, but
not modify.. but we assume Mallory has the ability to do both. Systems that are safe against Eve are exploitable by Mallory. I see
no reason why we can not also assume more powerful physical attackers.
I do not deny the use of deniable crypto :) .. it is useful against
certain attackers. Certainly it is useful against the majority of
attackers we are likely to encounter, for the dexact reasons that you
However, my point is that just as public key exchange is attackable
by Mallory in some circumstances, deniable crypto is useless against
certain physical attackers.. namely O'Brian and room 101.
This is not to say that public key crypto or deniable crypto is useless.
This is exactly my point. For the average guy in America, deniable crypto
is probably irrelevent (unless he happens to be an average criminal too).
But in a state where the law is wrong (we never heard of anything like
that,  have we?) there is probably a use.
Yeah, I agree. For some secrets it might be the best approach, say for
the codes to launch a nuclear weapon.. but for others it probably does
not work.
Hehe.. :) I like that.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Act only according to that maxim by which you can at the same time will that
it should become a universal law.." - Immanuel Kant "Metaphysics of Morals"
