
@_date: 1997-01-05 14:08:04
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
You could maintain all options *and* still strictly reduce traffic on
toad.com by encoding the moderator's decision in a header line. Then
letting people subscribe to one of cypherpunks at toad.com or
cypherpunks-unedited at toad.com.
The first could forward only messages somehow approved, and the other
would forward *all* messages, *with the decision shown in the headers*.
Those of us who want to use the moderator's decisions as only advisory
or who want to monitor the moderation process can subscribe to the full
list and use the header in whatever manner we want.
If the decision is available as a message header in the full list,
there is no need for the "flames" list. The drawback is that the full
list is now delayed by the moderation process (for the very few here
who still seem to read in real time.) Keeping two versions of the list
one delayed and one not delayed is not so good anyway because it makes
it harder to use the decision as "advisory".
Advantages of moderation headers:
a) A more general solution, maybe later letting more than one
moderation group step in (should we ever manage to muster that much
manpower) maybe even letting people filter (on their own machine) on
the basis of several moderator's decisions. At any rate, leaving space
for any option we may want later. Initially, subscribing to moderated
and flame is equivalent to a header solution. For that matter, it *is*
a header solution.
b) Strictly reduced traffic on toad.com by keeping some on the full
list, and others on the reduced list. No need to ever subscribe to any
two lists as the full list would show the moderators' decision(s).
c) Keeps the two versions of the list more in sync (same delay), making
it painless to switch from one version to the other at any time. 'more
reading time' vs 'less volume'.
d) If the moderators are into that level of dedication and software
complication, they *could* now detail their decision: 'grumph, ok',
'mostly drivel', 'drivel', 'utter drivel', etc... ;-)
Otherwise, I fully agree that if some are willing to help filter, I
would like to be able to use their review (and I would provide reviews
myself now and then),
pierre at rahul.net

@_date: 1997-01-07 09:37:59
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
Rich Graves  very correctly mentions:
I agree that this is actually a critical problem with a filtering
moderation scheme. Such a scheme appears to provide the capability to
filter out possible "copyright violations" posts. From what I remember
of the Netcom/CoS case (without going back to the sources), that may
mean more liability for the reviewers (and the operator of the
machine). That's a major point against simple filtering moderation.
(Which is considered principally because that's way that's most
compatible with current mail readers, really.)
ichudov at algebra.com (Igor Chudov @ home) responded:
Would any of this have mattered in Netcom/CoS?
Instead, a system that would forward reviewers' opinions *after the
fact* does not have any of this problem. And we have already mentioned,
it is also more powerful (real time initial feed, easy multiple
feedback feeds, fully compatible with anything else...) although it
does not reduce bandwidth requirements.
pierre at rahul.net

@_date: 1997-01-08 07:19:03
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment 
gbroiles at netbox.com (Greg Broiles) continues:
I think I went a bit in the wrong direction mentioning Netcom/CoS:
1) The problem is not so much what posts are "legal" or "illegal", as
it is what posts *could* bring in lawsuits and what effect this has on
the moderators. Not everyone evaluates that "Sword of Damocles" threat
identically: Some argue it is statistically irrelevant, some argue that
their pockets are not tempting targets anyway, some are in different
countries (and have not noticed it does not matter anymore), etc...
The point is that
2) The above "do I dare approve this post" equation is clearly not the
one that determines whether a post is good cypherpunks material or
not.  I do not want this liability issue to matter in any way in the
moderators ratings (no matter how Sandy and John would themselves
resolve it) if we can help it. And we can.
3) This equation would seriously affect how *I* would offer help in a
filtering moderation scheme: I most likely would not (whether or not
anyone would be interested in me participating, and my decision for
reasons that are not relevant, etc...) Again, that's the wrong reason
brought into the discussion: the right reasons would be "do I have the
time now?" (hah! ;-), "do I currently read in sync with incoming
traffic?", and "do I want to participate?".
I spend a ridiculous portion of my time fixing the damage caused by
software that was used just because "it was there". Just because there
is software to do^H^H, sorry, to botch something under Windows is not
reason enough to use it, and even less of a reason to limit ourselves
to these options. Yes, some people couldn't use the *option* initially,
and others could (with ready software or by writing their own). Too
bad.  As someone else mentioned, that's an opportunity (and there must
be a cross-platform java mail reader somewhere that can be modified or
written to satisfy lots of platforms at once), and cypherpunks wouldn't
be the only forum moving toward "after-the-fact cooperative
Great summary,
pierre at rahul.net
