
@_date: 1993-12-02 00:52:24
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Two items from recent magazines... 
Just a remark, that for large companies (I'd call them "groups"), the
groups are formed of so many differently named entities that even insiders
can't figure it out. This is because these large (usually older) groups
have formed by buying and selling other companies, branches and divisions
of companies. After each purchase, pride, economic interests (brand names),
or traditions are such that the old names survive, or are munged into new
names. I would expect it is very rare when an old name simply disappears.
So, what was a company name, may become a division name in two different
holdings that bought each half of the company. And if that same name
was used for, say light bulbs and TVs before the split, then after the
split, it is still used for the same items. Except they now come from two
different companies... still following?
The result is that even insiders in large groups have a hard time figuring
out which part of the company is working on what, or even which brand names
are produced by your company. Let alone which patent belongs to whom, or
has been licensed from whom, or which non-disclosure agreements exist
between which project and which project.
All this simply to point out that at least some of this "hide and seek"
game in patents is probably not even voluntary. From working for one
of these groups (in several differently named "entities"), I think an
external company could actually have an easier time piecing it all
together than any insider (including at the top levels).
(Thus a business idea, (although I think that is an extropians thread :-)
A business that makes contacts with individual projects of a large
"holding" or multinational, setting up non-disclosure agreements with
each, then constantly cross references this data to put in contact
groups of the holding that could benefit from knowing about each other.
Individual projects (and their hierarchy) usually do not have enough
short term incentive to devote much man-power to keeping in touch)
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-12-14 20:10:30
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: anonymous video rental store 
An other way to cheat would be also to process the returns faster...
In the US (California?), since a well known case, (sorry, no
bibliographically correct reference is at hand here) it is illegal
for video stores to disclose rental records anyway. [Knowledgeable
videomaniacs are welcome to fill in detailed references and whether
it is illegal to collect such records, or just to misuse them. I seem
to remember also that video stores cannot market their customer lists
(as mailing lists). Before I spread anymore rumors, anybody knows the
details? (It's probably no use asking somebody in a video store, they
would be the last ones to know :-) a problem of our current legal
In any event, the case of concern when trying to build protocols and
hardware for anonymous video rental is when the store personel is
dishonnest. There is little point in trying to postpone this
Pierre Uszynski
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-12-16 12:34:00
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Use foreign key servers 
Black Unicorn  thus posted:
(I thought it was a patent problem rather... but that's not the point)
Let me know if I'm missing some essential point here, but why are
people insisting on running key servers in the US, the only
country where there may be a patent claim? I doubt mailers would
care one way or the other if you used foreign keyservers.
I do understand how some of us would make it their Duty to actively
protect their Konstitooshunol Right to run PGP key servers in their
Own Country, free from interference from evil commercial and
governmental entities :-) (no, really, I understand) but what other
reason could there be for that? In this case, to the user, it should
not matter where the keyserver if physically located. I'm not really up to speed as to which key servers are running where,
but the current versions of PGP being developped outside of the US,
there must be a few keyservers here and there. Keys crossing the
border cannot be the problem, they are all over Netnews and all over
mailing lists too.
So, I do not understand why this could be a "nice tactic if you are
PKP". Surely they cannot be spending much ressources on this when the
easy counter move is to use foreign key servers. I do not
understand what reason there is to start (or even develop) keyservers
in the US, apart from annoying PKP.
Pierre Uszynski
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-12-16 23:46:09
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Bobby Inman 
There was some mentions that he spend some time in the private sector
since "then". Anybody knows what he was doing?
Pierre Uszynski
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-12-26 11:51:57
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Happy Holidays 
Yeah, he should feel free to include an abstract at the top of his
rants (5 lines tops). Or maybe there is a market for a Detweiler-watcher
out there to publish a monthly newsletter, or weekly abstracts. I'm not
going to suggest a name for that newsletter, thank you :-)
Pierre Uszynski
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-11-05 07:57:46
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: ViaCrypt PGP has arrived 
Unfortunately, backdoors have not been the main security problem in
commercial system software, bugs and "honest mistakes" have been.
Unfortunately too, there has been very little pressure by customers
to hold companies accountable for the software they ship. Usually
somebody uncovers a bug, uses it for a while, is detected, and that causes
(in the best case) the software company to issue a new patch. Some
distribute the patches for free, some make you pay big bucks for it.
But never is the company really harmed by the fact that it claimed
some level of security (or functionality), and was not providing it.
If, in the future, ViaCrypt says "ooops, there was a debugging switch
left on when we compiled, here is a free patch." would you discard your
ViaCrypt PGP, buy the competitor's version (there is none), and sue them?
Did they include any disclaimer in the license?
Call me cynical,
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-11-06 20:12:48
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: some newbie DC-net questions 
Actually, it seems to me undetected collisions are not as likely as this
makes it appear: Every person trying to transmit is monitoring
at the same time to make sure the message they transmit does appear in
the "sum of differences". If you tried to transmit and any bit comes out
wrong, it's that there was a collision. Only an odd number of completely
identical messages transmitted at the same time would appear as one
un-collided message. Of course, if you are only considering very short
messages (like 1 bit answers to questions) you are looking for trouble...
but if you are sending around longer messages similar to email, then
un-noticed collisions are unlikely because messages include signatures
and such.
When you detected that your message collided, typically, you stop
transmitting. You then decide on a random time delay, wait for that
duration and try again if the way is clear (all zeroes carrier).
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-11-13 01:03:44
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: The Depravities of Cypherpunks 
Jason Zions thus emailed:
Apart from the ridicule of this whole thing, there at least two different
and independent issues here: Privacy issues and copyright issues.
And I'm still not fully clear on the legal side of some of their
subtelties (help from our legal types would be appreciated).
In the case of private mail from one person to an other. I'm under the
impression that the sender retains copyright ownership on the message,
but that the receiver has the right to make the content public (as in
disclosing what it is about, and that the communication occured).
(This impression gleaned from -Syslaw, Lance Rose, Jonathan Wallace, 1992-
in particular)
How far the recipient can go in disclosing is not clear: posting the whole
or part of the message seems to go against the ownership rule. Header
notices like "Do not forward" or "reposting with permission only" do not
change much the ownership issue, but do they alter the privacy issue? What
is the origin of any right of the recipient to disclose the message to
third party? For that matter, is there sufficient "intellectual input"
in a short mail bomb / threat like the one that was used (if I remember)
to cause significant copyright ownership?
Apologies for nitpicking. It's just that the ownership/privacy issue is
very important for the Future Net, and that I'm interested in THAT aspect
of the war.
Given the nature of the communication, I believe it's clearly his rights
to make the threats public... especially in the case where
the threatener is his own sysadmin, and especially on this list where
we can all (ahem... :-) benefit from knowing how things evolve (nobody
forces anybody to read any of the longish drivel, mine included).
This really cracks me up. I mean, that some bystanders still use the words
"common courtesy", "disagreements" and "simple requests" when talking
about this war. Remember both/either sides could have started using
mail filters ages ago, instead they are now proudly mail bombing and
reputation bombing.
Just a bystander... maybe standing a bit in the middle...
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-01 10:58:10
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
ROTFL ... I'd also second whoever mentioned not destroying evidence (and
your own data remember? if there is actually a chance you get it back)
Yes, that's probably the best way as otherwise moving disks to an other
machine would bypass the protection.
Still booting if no or wrong password is good too.
But let's add something else:
It may be possible (easy?) to hide a partition on the disk: buy two hard
drives from a family with different capacity and same packages. Move the
labels of the small one to the big one. Discard the small one :-) Use
partitions corresponding to the capacity of the small one to store
boring un-encrypted material, software, etc... Fix the scsi controller
on the drive (re-program) to self-identify with the smaller format,
but to obey access commands to the hidden area.
You now have a computer and disk drive that boots as a boring system,
with a medium size drive, but if you know about it, you can access
an other partition of encrypted stuff.
The (even not so) casual inspection of the stolen or confiscated system
reveals only stuff that is not worth spending time on. Only a very
detailed inspection, or a leak, reveals the encrypted stuff, still
encrypted... Very frustrating.
Of course, if your backups were not encrypted or if you wrote
down the keys...
This solution is even compatible with using a BIOS ROM glued to the
motherboard that prevents unauthorized use of the computer. The hard
drive and the motherboard are protected by two different mechanisms.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-06 19:45:24
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
I'll second that. The main menaces against "civil conversations" have been,
on Netnews, flame wars and wars between two individuals. After
the first few messages, the flamers and the opponents are clearly
identified. They are usually proudly posting under their usual Name (as
they are all fighting for their Reputation, and for establishing their
opponent's Incompetence) (... do we recognize anybody yet :-? ) I actually
can't remember such a war involving an anonymous poster (as in "using
penet or similar").
What destroys discussions (and forces people to leave them...) is the
tendency of threads to start genuine, and to end as flame wars.
Certainly, for-money systems would tend to shorten flame wars..
On the other hand in the few discussions against anonymous posting, some
people were arguing for "accountability" who were clearly forgetting
the proportion of people who use handles or pseudonyms as their default
setup. These are not anonymous per se, but in the current fickle netnews,
what's the difference? (BlackNet would make a difference :-) Only in the
most outrageous fraud cases (votes, forgery...) are pseudonyms tracked back
to their account holder.
Solution (1/2 kidding): Build an anonymous remailer that gives a choice
of "obviously anonymous output", or "random pseudonym output". You
could even take the pseudonym from the phone book, or from the names
of the people who used the newsgroup in the past :-)
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-07 13:39:20
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
?????????????????????
                             ?????????????????????????
On the contrary, let's hear the details.
If what we are considering here is how to fight abuse while encouraging
(what we think is) positive use of anonymous systems, then we need to
know the details. If you are not comfortable posting that here, I'd
welcome a private email (as well as the people at io.com would, I
expect). Still, I don't think cypherpunks is anywhere close to the stage
where we should withold that kind of detail (except for OS bugs that go
to CERT first)...
ok, and anonymous remailers don't change that possibility one way or the
other. I'll go hang out there for a while anyway...
Sure, but consider that extremist systems will exist nonetheless.
Who qualifies whom, based on what info, and to eliminate whom?
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-08 14:05:56
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
Yes, I meant that as a pointer to further problems. I did not mean
that it is very difficult to find organizational or technical solutions
(although in practice, it may very well be), nor was I lashing back at
an Orwellian suggestion. (I still get caught in the way email gets read,
not that I have much more luck in person :-)
Even though there may be technical solutions to "limited access"
groups, it is not clear how compatible each of these is with anonymity.
And at the same time it will become harder and harder to figure out
whether somebody is using hir Real Name or some Assumed Name. The
book publishing market surprises people because an author's pseudonym
is not obviously a pseudonym. Any "limited access" policy has to
address the problem of pseudonyms, and of individuals offering their
pseudonym for un-accredited public access.
But the problem at hand is not even that...
In the case of io.com, and current remailers, the problem is netnews
newsgroups that don't like anonymous abuse without really understanding
how hard it could be to eliminate it... Netnews, until now, is here to
provide open discussion and "publishing" space. The idea of
qualification can be implemented via automatic moderation for example,
but it has to contend with:
1) votes by the general public, and acceptance by sysadmins who will
carry the traffic (although they don't have much of a say about
mailing list traffic...)
2) superset groups and cross-posting. If a "qualify"-only newsgroup is
created, then a super-set newsgroup could be created that copies
everyhting from the "qualified" groups, and adds open traffic. That
superset still carries interesting traffic from people who shun
administrative overhead. Qualified people who want to pursue the thread
they started now read the superset newsgroup.
3) If you publish, and expect email responses, you need to publish your
email address. That makes you vulnerable to mail bombing. It does not
matter if the newsgroups carries only filtered traffic.
And thanks to Owen for posting the description of some of these
net.wars. It will take me a while to go through that.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-25 01:03:41
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
I'll vote yes to the amended policy proposal
While I tend to agree with the general argument presented in favor,
I'll also agree that there are several problems with it:
- Yes, it's too easy to circumvent the policy by cutting and pasting
something that looks like a signature (more or less :-)
- Even then, the 6 hour delay is not that much trouble when you are
actually building a discussion, and not flaming... So it would be
more like "if you want to flame, you better spoof"... hmmm :-( So, all in all, there is not that much incentive added to using signatures.
I think any is better than even less, so I'll still vote "yes"... at least
as an experiment...
But here are some more ideas:
1) have the mailing list relay insert disclaimers according to what it
2) Campaign so that users of this list include "security disclaimers"
whenever they post or email on the net. That could be a sig or a header
line, such as "The identity info in this post could have been forged by
a six year old. Do not trust it. Use digital signatures."
3) To make it more obvious that the From: field can say just about
anything, use the "National Enquirer" headline generator that was
posted on the net to replace the incoming header:
Maybe then, people will take that header less seriously...
Pierre (who?)
pierre at shell.portal.com
-----BEGIN PGP UNSIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.4
iQBFThIsMayHAVEBEEnarealsiGNatUre, IFi   onlYHaDEvERYthiNginPlace
toCheCKINcOmINGSigsTOO. :-)
-----END PGP UNSIGNATURE-----

@_date: 1993-10-26 15:37:46
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: DC-nets, up from the basic concept 
A few pseudonymous questions went astray and landed in
my mail box among a few others (without much of a return
address too... the problems of anonymity)
So I'll volunteer some possible answers, and while doing
so will generate more questions :-). Others feel free to
elaborate (especially thoses who HAVE read the papers)
Still, no mention of detweil(er)ing will be made :-)
although I will mention spoofing...
1) "PHYSICAL LAYER"
Q: How do you implement the idea that I can see my coin
and the coin on the left, but no others?
A: You use public key cryptography. You join a "table"
by contacting one of the persons already at the "table".
He hands you address and public key of (say) his
right neighbor, and you hand him your address and your
public key. Each time you "toss a coin" you encrypt it and
send it to his ex right neighbor (now your right
neighbor). You use the same public key protocols to
send out to everybody your "different/same" vote, and
collect and count everybody elses.
It's easy to add and remove individuals, and you can be
part of as many "tables" as you want.
2) MORE SPOOFING
New question: how do you make sure you are not spoofed
to death, and (mis)led to join a "table" of, say, 126
personae of the same three letter entity, and Yourself.
In which case, your messages are not very untraceable
Not very satisfying answer: you meet in person your
left AND right neighbor at least once to exchange
address and keys... Any better answer?
3) GROUP RESPONSIBILITY AND HIGHER LAYERS
Q: couldn't every member of the group be
implicated because they must all participate to produce
the bit of information?
A: No, when a "table" is established, what you have is
a CSMA/CD network in the classical sense (CSMA/CD = Carrier
Sense Multiple Access/ Collision Detection) just like
Ethernet is one.  Your "DC-net physical layer" is now
very complicated, and multi-layered itself, but that
only affects speed, not much else.
You could (maaaybe :-( establish the layering:
Coaxial - Ethernet - IP - TCP / Telnet - RFC822 email -
PEM - DC-net - IP - TCP / Telnet - RFC822 email - PEM
Except that now, your second layer of TCP/IP is
untraceable. By the same token (sorry :-), once you
have these protocols established for one "table", you can
internetwork many "tables" at will. Poof! Inter-DC-net!
But, boy, would the above implementations be slow :-)
In any case, even though the participants of any network
must cooperate for any message to go through (especially
true in the case of Usenet, or FIDO, for example), it is
hard to hold all the participants responsible for every
message just for being part of the infrastructure.
It would be different (even with todays networks), if
a large proportion of the messages were CLEARLY illegal.
Still, even now, it is impossible to tell whether an encrypted
message's content is illegal or not (see the previous
netnews discussion with respect to FIDO, mail privacy and
encryption), and peeking in un-encrypted email is
illegal, depending on caller contract.
So I would, until contradicted by the legal types
among us, consider a DC-net or Inter-DC-net no different
legally, than any other cooperative network out there
(Usenet, FIDO, internet...), until specifically
Disclaimer: Of course, this is only a technical opinion,
legal decisions may or may not consider the technical
precedents :-) Reasonable technical arguments have as
much weight legally as unreasonable ones (or so it seems
at times) (meaning: of course, I'm not a lawuer)
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-26 15:52:45
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: DC-nets, up from the basic concept 
Before somebody takes the above tooooo seriously, I'll add
that it would take major work to modify TCP/IP to function
as the second "TCP/IP" layer in the example above. This is
because TCP/IP relies on dialogs between machines/nets
instead of broadcasts (at least at the internetwork level),
so messages should be traceable back to an inter-DC-net
"table", but could not be traced back to a specific host. pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-28 11:21:34
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: My Key 
As long as no certification agency is involved, a public
key only stands for itself. It only weakly associates a key
with a name. It does NOT associate a key with a person, or
an email address. And this association is not even unique,
you could have several names with the same public key, and
the same name with several public keys. In other words,
the only thing that authenticates the messages is the key
itself, the key is now the only significant name. The name
is merely a poor mnemonic to the key (more or less).
No matter what, any "John Smith" out there has an arguable
right to call himself "John Smith". The situation does not
improve as communication infrastructures become more global.
So, even though you were the first on this list to use
the name "wonderer", as long as you don't post a public key
for it, somebody else can pre-empt you and claim that name
and post a key, and that would not prevent you from posting
a key for the same name yourself in the future. (is that
confused enough?) The only way to distinguish same names
for different keys is if people automatically collect
key-name pairs and their mail readers shows key-names as
author, not just name (and that's not a reliable or likely way
to go. Assuming here there is only email and posting to
distribute keys.) You say somebody would forge a mail from
your address to "claim" your name... They wouldn't need to:
How many of us check your email address in the header when
we see "wonderer". We don't remember your email address,
just "wonderer". We wouldn't remember your key either,
just "wonderer" again. Only a fancy mail reader would tie
together all the different messages you posted under the same
So, does it matter and what can we do?  Well as long as
the only key propagation mechanisms are email and posting,
we can't do much.
If you start talking as "Some Name" with or without a posted
public key, and somebody else posts one as the same name:
- you can counter with a key for "Some Name" yourself.
- you can sue if "Some Name" is sufficiently associated
with you (first and last name, trademark...), and
insufficiently with the other (not his name or less valid
trademark), and if the other is in a jurisdiction where
you have a recourse.
- you can start an online war between the two that
essentially will make the name impossible to use for
anybody (quasi-universally kill-filed... for a while)
- you can claim a Better Name "The One True Some Name", and
post your same public key for it. Until he does the same.
- you can wait for, or better yet :-), write mail readers
or list software  that tend to prefer keys and signatures
over names and mail addresses.
The possibilities for fun, forgery, spoofing, and flaming
are endless... Until the list software starts associating
keys with names on a first come first serve basis (or by
chains of certificates and in-person meetings, as a way
to settle disputes).
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-09-21 03:47:58
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
Yeah, some thoughts,
The possibilities for
all already exist on netnews.
Many have already been used in offensive action as in the following
recent examples (I'd welcome more data and pointers about these and
similar cases, and some of these may have been rumors only. I'm also
sure some good ones happened before my time :-)
1) anonymous posting services (penet),
2) forged headers are very popular of course, and do not really
surprise anybody anymore,
3) I'll avoid naming examples of direct obnoxiousness, thank you :-)
4) (semi-?)automatic newsgroup re-creation after rmgrouping (Becker),
4) post-moderation via cancel messages (who was that guy again?),
5) SRIA vote-taker, accused of being the same person as the main
proponent of the group (with syslogs as evidence),
5) "It was not me, I left my terminal logged on..."
5) suspect votes from generic accounts, all posted at the same time...
And some other mechanisms scream for new forms of abuse :-) It's amazing
that everybody is resisting the temptation...
The responses have been:
- A few flame wars (some pretty entertaining),
- The most exposed newsgroups, like religious groups, are systematically
moderated (to improve signal to noise ratio, but also to try to prevent
- The most obnoxious people have been posting away under their own name,
proudly disdaining (that we know of) the possibilities of technology :-)
- and overall, the net as we know it goes on, with just some minor
flamage overhead.
So, as you can see, I'm pretty optimistic (I actually found most
of these actions at least interesting, if maybe ...errr... crude). I do not
think you really want to go to the trouble of really preventing people
from posting (more or less) anonymously if they want to simply because
that's too much trouble.
One the other hand, most offensive action on the net has in the past been
proudly done under the perpetrator's real name, or under Real Thin
disguise. Of course, if it's possible, it will happen, and so eventually
netnews will have to shut down for a few days under an attack of the
magnitude of the one that stroke down the Internet itself. And somebody
will end up in court...
It's not also that I deny groups the right to express their disgust towards
anonymous posting, but rather that I think they are wasting their time
until much more infrastructure is available for accountability (that may
not be so far away, but that's a different story).
A remailer "tag" would help (at least politically), but at this stage,
would be deceiving in that it does not really solve any user's problem
(if there ever was any). Still, delusion and all, it may make remailers
more socially acceptable... errr... tolerable :-) It could also create
a distinction between "nice" remailers (obediently tagged) and "naughty"
remailers (proudly un-tagged).
Pierre "What emphasys?".
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-08-22 15:20:52
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Mail to all drivers in Oregon? 
Pick a smallish city (but one that's "on the map" for whatever reason,
university, companies, whatever), and target everyone in the city. At
the same time similarly target a number of journalists in the national
media. Send to all of these all the data you can find about themselves.
This way you minimize the expense, and you get the national media to
amplify this and make sure everybody in the country knows about the
Jeffrey Rothfeder did it with one such journalist (Dan Rather) if I
remember around 1989 (story in Business week, Sept 1989). And reuses
all this stuff for the book "Privacy for sale", 1992). But he did it
on a small scale, just for a story, and a story that he could put his
name on. As opposed to what we are talking about here.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-08-24 13:18:20
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Remailer-list pinging frequency 
Raph Levien (raph at kiwi.cs.berkeley.edu) says:
If I may suggest without implementing :-) use adaptive pinging.
There is little point in sending one ping per hour while getting
no answer, then getting 24 answers all at once, and then doing the
same thing all over again the next day... A more general way to put
this is that pinging much more frequently than necessary does not give
any more info. If you measure up time and latency both in days,
there is no need to ping more than once a day. If you measure up time
and latency respectively  in days and minutes, there is still no need
for very frequent pinging.
The only case where you need frequent pinging is when a site keeps
going up and down and you want to distinguish latency due to down
periods from operating latency.... But from a practical standpoint,
these need not really be distinguished. Most mailers are configured
correctly to retry failing connections, so that connections that are
down only for a few hours are seen only as long latency.
In conclusion:
Start with pings at random phase, and 180 minute period.
If for the last 16 pings of average period n minutes (random phase),
the average latency is more than 4xn minutes, triple the period. Use
a maximum period of once a day. If the average latency is less than
n minutes, divide by three the period. Use a minimum period of one hour.
You could do the same thing for very stable sites (stable latency):
they require less pinging. Short latency stable sites need not be pinged
every hour.
The rule may have to be fixed a bit one way or the other, but it would
help both your pinging script and slow remote sites (personal
remailers) by cutting traffic for both.
pierre at shell.portal.com
Still, there is no harm in making pinging traffic look more like real
traffic. Like you said chaining is questionable for pinging (and if it
comes from a remailer site, and goes back to a remailer site, it would
not be obvious if it still met 1, 2 and 4):

@_date: 1994-08-31 02:11:52
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Well... not if we compare to an unregulated cypherbank.
What WE (cypherpunks) need to know is also how much of our taxes go
to the government side of this regulatory activity.
I'm not sure cypherpunks are ready to wait for deregulation to happen :-)
is the cost of creating and maintaining all these laws, agencies, and
regulations. So not only the bank customers end up somehow paying the
bank's cost of compliance (as typically the individual customers may be
less susceptible to foreign bank competition than the shareholders who
may be more easily convinced to invest in foreign banks), but the tax
payers (be they customers or shareholders) end up paying the government
side of this regulatory activity. Complete the picture by figuring in
there the taxes paid by the bank to maintain the regulations ;-).
Perpetual Travellers who bank in cypherspace and run cypherbusinesses
for fun and profit end up winning several ways. Their banks can afford to
pay better interest and charge less per transaction. They are not taxed
to fund regulatory efforts, and they have a competitive advantage over
regulated businesses. (In the short term, though, they have a major
reputation (or lack thereof) or tradition problem to overcome.) They
also take risks (testing unproven markets, trusting unproven business
and crypto protocols, losing money to penultimate transaction cheaters...)
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-12-09 10:49:25
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: crypto email to France 
Rebecca Farr  said:
I don't recommend relying on info found on the net without tracking it
back to its sources. In this case, the official publication of the
French laws, fairly accessible anyway (in France :-)
In any case, you could take a look at:
where is stored what is claimed to be a transcript of the relevant French
law (missing is the regulatory procedure which is as important to
you). At least missing last time I looked.
You can also look around at that group's home page:
I posted to this group a tentative translation in September, here it is
As to the quality of the translation: I'm not an american
lawyer, nor a french lawyer, and any given legal paragraph
can usually be interpreted either way. This may not even be
my reading tomorrow... To avoid confusing things even further,
I'll limit my comments to remarks concerning the translation,
in square brackets [].
And don't blame me for the quality of the English, the French
itself is laughable.
Have fun,
pierre at shell.portal.com
++++++ translation of the ENS post, as of Sept 23, 1994 ++++++++
Law number 90-1170, published in the "Journal Officiel" of December 30, 1990.
(The first 27 articles concern the encryption of information transmitted
via radio or mail.)
Article 28. - By cryptologic services, one means all services aimed at
transforming through secret conventions information or clear signals into
information or signals unintelligible by third parties, or at achieving
the reverse operation, via means, hardware or software, designed to that
end. To preserve the interests of defense and internal or external national
security, the supply, export, or use of cryptologic means or services are
a) to prior declaration when this means or service can have no other use
than authenticating a communication or than ensuring the integrity of the
transmitted message.
b) to prior authorization by the Prime Minister in all other cases.
A decree of the "Conseil d'Etat" [President and some ministers, if I
recall] determines the circumstances in which the declaration is filed,
or the authorization granted, as per the previous paragraph. This decree
can make provisions for a simplified system of declaration or
authorization for certain types of equipment or services, or for certain
categories of users.
II. - In addition to the provisions of the customs code, anyone having
exported a cryptologic means, or having provided or made to be provided
a cryptologic service without the authorization mentioned in paragraph I
of the present article, will be punished by a fine of 6000 F [US$1,200] to
500 000 F [US$100,000] and by imprisonment of one to three months or by
one of these two sentences only. The court can, in addition, forbid the
person from requesting this authorization for a period of at most two years,
or five years for subsequent offenses. In case of conviction, the court
can, in addition, pronounce the forfeiture of the cryptologic equipment.
III. - In addition to police officers and customs officers in their
jurisdiction, agents authorized for this purpose by the Prime Minister
and sworn in the conditions specified by the "Conseil d'Etat", can
investigate and report by a [sworn, whatever] statement any violations of
the present article and of the corresponding regulations. Their statements
are forwarded within five days to the "Procureur de la Republique"
[district attorney ?].
They can enter business locations and transportation means, request the
disclosure of any business documents and take copies of them. They can,
on location or by convocation, collect information and justifications.
Decree Number 92-1358 of December 28, 1992, published in the "Journal
Officiel" of December 30, 1992.
Decision of December 28, 1992 about declarations and requests for
authorization relative to cryptologic equipment and services.
Art. 4 - Require prior declaration, the provision, export, and use of
any cryptologic equipment and services ... in particular :
- The equipment, hardware or software, susceptible to ensure the
confidentiality of communications of any nature, or the confidentiality
of data stored in memory;
- Cryptologic services that ensure the confidentiality of all or part
of a communication, or of data stored in memory;
- Cryptoanalytic equipment and services.
[This "declaration" article may in fact be an "authorization" article.
That would be a pretty major mistake of the previous transcriber.]
Art. 6 - Smart cards that do not allow, in and of themselves, that is
without the need for external cryptologic devices, to ensure the
confidentiality of communications, benefit of the same declarations filed
and authorizations obtained for the equipment and services with which
they are used.
Art. 7 - Are not considered cryptologic equipment, the means, hardware or
software, specifically designed for the protection of software against
illegal copying or use, even if they use methods or devices kept
secret, on the condition that they do not allow the encryption, either
directly or indirectly of that software package.
Art. 9 - In case of uncertainty of the requestor, as to whether some
equipment or service belongs to the category of cryptologic equipment
and services, the central service for the security of information
systems is consulted.
Paris, Decmber 28, 1992.
French version according to Jerome RABENOU
Student at the Villetaneuse Law School.
Paris - France.

@_date: 1994-12-09 11:11:39
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: crypto email to France 
Rebecca Farr said:
It would be great if you could post a summary of the practical
procedure, once you find out. It's nice to have (an approximation of)
the legal text, but that's usually quite removed from the actual
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-12-12 12:23:28
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Broadcasts and the Rendezvous Problem 
L. Todd Masco said:
Handling unreliable remailers is even more important if you want to
encourage the "every-one-a-remailer" view. Numerous, low traffic,
remailers will not be run professionally.
I'd like to complete such a view of a remailer plan with:
1) Acknowledgements, or Bounces, or broadcast drop-ids: When a mail is
sent through a chain of remailers, it should be dealt with reliably
from the user perspective. That means either the user gets an ack that
the message got there when they do, or the user gets a bounce when they
don't. Either way he should know what to expect. You could do that with
response blocks (but they themselves can fail), or you can do that by
broadcasting the ids of messages that are dropped because the next node
in a chain is down. An id is just a large random number. Again, here
you can use a broadcast medium. This could also be achieved if the
recipient's mailer filters out duplicate copies of messages: the
sender's mailer would monitor the reviews of the remailers used in
transit, and re-issue messages that came too close to a break in the
chain. Nobody ever needs to look at all this info, it would be handled
by your personal Premail++.
2) Amateur remailers need a flow control mechanism. You cannot expect
somebody (or his internet provider) to be happy when his personal
account remailer suddenly becomes the most popular in the current
premail++ rating and gets flooded by everybody and his brother
(randomizing premail++ or not). It does not need to be a very smooth or
precise flow control, but it should be enough to prevent catastrophic
events. Current systems tend to do that by refusing the mail, or
dropping the packets on the floor, but we do not have this luck: the
personal mail of the account holder must still go through. I do not
know a good way to do that. Posting the remailer as being down when a
flood occurs is too rash and too late. One way to do that would be for
these "small" remailers to issue tickets (say 700 message tickets a
week, each valid for the transport of one message).  The remailer agent
(premail++) of a remailer-net user who expects to use the net for
around 15 messages a week would try to reserve, say, 6 tickets each
from 20 "small" remailers (for chaining, and to account for "sold-out"
remailers). In the message, with the info for each successive remailer,
it would paste in a ticket (which is then spent.) But now some ticket
distribution system is needed: ticket distribution could be done by the
remailer itself, but then we would be back to a flooding problem. So
ticket distribution is better handled by "seriously" run "ticketing
agents", just like the review process is better done by "review
agents". A "small" remailer would hand out a provision of tickets to a
small set of "ticketing agents", and would post to the broadcast medium
that it is up and that tickets can be obtained from this set of
agents.  A ticket is simply a short string of random numbers.  They can
be re-used fairly quickly by the "small" remailer (say used one week
out of 4), as we are only trying to avoid fortuitous flooding, not
criminal mail-bombing.
Finally, I'd say that a well propagated Usenet News group is a
convenient medium to do this on, but needs not be the only one
considered.  A not-so-well propagated broadcast can be reached by
anybody's premail++ through yet a third set of robot mailers,
advertised in an ad-hoc fashion, just like the remailers themselves
I know this is a lot of different entities, but I firmly believe that
(soon enough :-) nobody will use chained remailers manually, Premail
is only the beginning.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-12-14 01:35:45
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: expendable computer sites 
Related to our earlier discussions about expendable computer sites:
A quote from the article:
The Ghost Board, by Autolycus, in 2600, v10, n3, autumn 1994, p11
"For a short period of time in the early 90's, one Ghost Board pioneer
abandonned an AT (he'd purchased it for $40 at the Goodwill) on the roof
of a rural supermarket. The AT was water-protected and hardwired into the
store's power grid and the 2400 modem was spliced into the store's phone
lines. This system operated for almost five months before it was
(apparently) detected and shut down."
(The rest of the article is anecdotes about hiding BBS's inside
other BBS's.)
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-02-15 00:24:18
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
I want to move many of the transactions I do today via snail
mail, credit cards, and cash, to electronic medium. Receive bills
in email (authenticated and encrypted), pay them in email
(e-checks) on a digital bank. Receive statements from the bank
in email (authenticated and encrypted). Track the complete
transaction in the same medium, mostly automatically, via
my email agent.
In what can be done now, the systems are disparate, ad-hoc,
non-integrated, insecure, expensive,
incompatible, etc... in short: junk. And none of the existing
systems apply to transactions between individuals. I want
transactions between individuals to become practical.
I want a complete and usable electronic commerce setup usable
not only between me and utilities (phone, electricity, internet),
but between me and most other entities (employer pay and expense
refunds, rent, other individuals), including across borders,
of course.
Not only do I want it "integrated" and "open" so I can use it
with whoever I damn well please, but I want it light-weight,
so payments in pennies become routinely feasible. Efficient
payments in pennies allow stuff like routine digital postage,
and routine remuneration of authors "as I read", as in shareware
books, magazines, and newsgroup postings.
I strongly disagree with people who lightly dismiss what they
call "digital postage". I think that allowing for digital pennies
as part of a general digital payment system would open the
door to many useful applications in, yes, pay-per-use ftp, and
generally individual pay-per-use access to databases.
But both PGP and e-momey won't work until people's mailers
and newsreaders allow them to use them easily (that is, until
people quit getting stuck with Microsoft's stuff). Even the
Unix mailers and newsreaders are not getting updated anywhere
quickly enough. That means the first commercial
crypto-applications may have to provide the hooks themselves,
or rely on what others like General Magic are doing.
A pointer to how far we are is that many people still get
spooked by 50 messages a day list traffic, and desperatly try
to  unsubscribe quickly. This means they don't even have a mail
preprocessor (procmail, deliver, etc...)
A pointer to how close we are is that 3 years ago, this
discussion would not even take place, and these pre-processors
did not exist yet. Also that people are now opening commercial
BTW, none of the applications I'm interested in would require
IP-level transactions, all would work fine with email-level
transactions. That's good, because little of the windows
market is going to get IP connectivity anytime soon, whereas
most will get email and fax connectivity.
The stuff that is being done now is in the right direction,
but frankly, it's still too fragmented and impractical to see
much use (and that's why I'm not bothering to sign this
message). Anonymous posting is the only "application" that
sees much use, and even then, I guess it's not fully
understood by many users (na vs an, "identity leak", etc...)
Pierre Uszynski,
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-02-24 01:15:54
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: quetion about Multi-user systems 
Using kermit & Co, and then a script to transfer files composed
and signed at home for mailing from your internet account is
too tedious.
But I believe you mentioned you are using Linux on your PC. Sooo,
here are two solutions that should work in any real (non-Microsoft)
window system:
1) Compose and sign each message on the PC. Then, while on-line
with the remote computer, cut and paste the already-signed
message directly into the remote mail line editor. (Cutting and
pasting in such a way sometimes gets you in trouble with
various buffering bugs, but you'll quickly figure out how
much text you can paste at a time. Once a piece of text is
signed, make sure you don't introduce more spaces, blank lines
and such !) Once you have cut-and-paste running, it should not
matter on which system you read your mail, on which one you compose
new messages, or on which one you sign. Cutting and pasting very
long messages will still be a pain.
2) Use a mud client (or similar) instead of kermit to connect
to the remote system. Sending mail is then done by using the
usual commands to get the remote system into the mailer line
editor and then using a client macro of some sort to sign,
transfer and send a message prepared locally. This solution
will require some programming (very little on Linux, maybe quite
a bit on a MacIntosh).
Pierre Uszynski
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-02-24 01:49:59
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: quetion about Multi-user systems 
Heck, you can even program all that in kermit script programs.
(I have version 5A(170) here.) It's just that these programs look
(incredibly) ugly.
Pierre Uszynski
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-01-07 15:04:42
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Non-techie Crypto book? 
Quoting fnerd (all quotes from his post):
I don't know if a book is the right response (agreed with Duncan Frissell:
writing a book takes so much time, and reading usenet already doesn't
leave much :-), or if the cypherpunk archive is a step in the right
direction, but there is a problem:
The background relevant for an understanding of cypherpunks' concerns,
hopes, tools, political and economical non-agenda, and technology is not
something that can be acquired in one place, in a magazine article read
in one hour, yet. There is not one such document to which we can point
newbies that is a suitable introduction. Ideally, this document should also
be online.
It's something that came apparent to me when talking to friends about
cypherpunkish issues, and then the main reason I attended Tim May's
seminars at Stanford. The seminar was, roughly, to cover the issues,
the techniques, and the potential/eventual political and economical
consequences of crypto. The assumption was originally that the talk would
skip the details of crypto algorithms, and the math behind them (if I
remember well). And my conclusion was that a one hour
seminar is not sufficient for even an introduction to that stuff, even
to a theoretically bright audience.
There is too much to cover. There is too
little to start from. The seminar was ok for people who already were
aware of the basics in privacy, public key crypto, crypto-politics, and
computer networking. For them, the seminar kind of connected things
together, showed the wider picture.
But for others, not aware of privacy issues, not aware of even the existence
of public key crypto, barely aware of computer networking, etc..., there
is just too much, and lots of it just does not make sense. These others
are amazed that "Porn" (That Major Evil ;-) can come unchecked from other
countries on computer networks (heck some people don't even understand
that not all countries give a damn about the US laws :-(
For these same others, computer networks are still a very new notion. What
proportion of TV journalists understands what computer networks are about?
And finally, for the same people, crypto results such as unbreakable
encryption, secret sharing, untraceability (a la DC-net), digital cash,
remote coin flipping are utterly indistinguishable from magic. So much
so that most would just not understand it is possible. And when they
see and understand, say a demo of a DC-net, the consequences are still
impossible to grasp. It's the same as trying to explain the Internet to
a 1960's farm hand (no offense to farm hands). Some questions at the
seminar showed this kind of symptom.
All this leads me to the conclusion that if cypherpunks want to see more
awareness of possibilities and issues, they should concentrate as much
on generating a body of introductory documents, as on literally
"writing code". Generating stuff suitable for publication in general
distribution magazines would also help (and even potentially make some
money). From the level of awareness we can see out there, even very basic
articles should be acceptable by thousands of magazines and newsletters.
A book would help, but barring that, random intro articles here
and there would go a long way (BTW, Email and BillG just made the cover of
The NewYorker, for those who don't know yet, and showed no awareness
of privacy or crypto issues...)
It also leads us to the many people that believe that there is a
time constant dictating the adoption and understanding of new technology.
It may not matter how much we want people to understand it.
What's this one about?
Anybody has the full reference, and maybe a survey of the table of
ObRecommendedRead: Related to noise, communication, Kolmogorov complexity,
and god in the least significant bits :-) and bad writing unfortunately :-(
A science fiction story about SETI:
Carl Sagan, Contact, 1985, 434pp, Pocket Books, ISBN 0-671-43422-5
Pierre Uszynski.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-07-22 20:56:20
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Voice/Fax Checks 
A couple of pointers on current outfits trying to undercut the "transaction
cost", none of them the ultimate we all root for, but nonetheless.
hfinney at shell.portal.com writes
It's actually getting easier. Small card service outfits have noticed the
problem. They have looked at the danger of fraud, and when accepting a new
company, still conduct a sufficient investigation (so they claim :-). They
have also looked at the way small outfits operate. The result is that it
seems it is now possible for "home businesses" like BBS's or software
sellers to get cheaper service than store fronts. It comes out to something
like $25 a month + 2.5-3% per charge ($0.20 minimum per charge, $25 minimum
per month) + equipment, roughly, for VISA and Mastercard.
As an example, in the San Francisco area, try ... errr... ...
 (Darn it, I buried that guy's card... try the phone book :-)
Or to a small random unknown business... Which is a problem even if
everybody could accept VISA, as you mentioned. Others already mentioned on the list the 1-900 phone based "netcash" service described in July 1994 Boardwatch Magazine. You call the 900
number with your modem, you get a random string for it, and your phone
company bills you $10 (info at netbank-info at agents.com). You then can get
change (down to $0.25 strings), do on-line validation of transactions,
and eventually redeem the strings, minus a 20% redemption fee.
In addition to that one service, I already heard
of two others that cater in particular to BBS's, similar system where
you get billed $10 for a 900 call, and get a random string to use as a
voucher. These two don't let you "get change" or any similar facility,
but they let small businesses get rid of the "collection" process, for
a fee. In all these cases, the fee is around 20-25%, so there may be
space for competition (I don't have the coordinates for these, just
know where to ask).
That was/is actually the strong point of the French Minitel system
(as much as I can't stand that piece of plastic ****):
Minitel services are accessed (mostly) through 900 style numbers, and
France Telecom handles all the billing and collection for the Minitel
service providers, allowing charges as low as 7 cents per call to a
service (most are much higher, WAY higher).
We already discussed the "phone check" idea, even Western Union
advertised it, and maybe even provides it :-)
Clearly all these systems have disadvantages, and are some way from what
some of us want, but they show that the current "billing" services
are not standing still, and are working on this access barrier to credit
card payment. Clearly too, they don't seem to be working in the direction
we want.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-07-26 12:05:44
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNKS TO THE RESCUE 
Let's not go overboard!!! I hear things like "public/private key",
"battery backup", "the door unit transmits", "a keypad on both sides"
Hey! This is a garage door opener! You think you can add $20 of stuff
and still have a profit margin?
How about no keypad, no battery backup on the remote, just a (random)
secret key, no door unit transmitter, normal batteries in the remote
and door unit:
1 - Plug the remote into the door unit. The door unit writes a roughly
random number (electronic noise), into the remote, and remembers the
same. Units synchronize time, while they are at it.
2 - Take the remote for a drive. When you come back press the "open"
3 - The remote send the current time (as per its 1 min (im)precise
real time clock), encrypted with the secret key. See later real
message because of replay attacks.
4 - The door unit decrypts and checks against time, time +1, or
time - 1. If valid, it opens the door, and synchronizes its time
to the time stamp.
POWER LOSS. This is a garage door opener. What do you do when your
garage door remote fails, you try again, then you use your key and
replace the **** battery (start again at step 1). In my area, power
outages are so rare that I wouldn't even need a battery on the door
unit (your milage may vary).
REPLAY ATTACK. To foil an attacker who would record the time stamp
and replay it within a minute: After a time stamp opens the door, a
bare time stamp will only work again after something like 2 minutes.
Instead, when you push the remote "open" several times within the same
protected period, you issue "timestamp, tag1", then "timestamp, tag2",
etc... say you are allowed 6 "opens" in the same protection period.
The door unit has to check against time - 1, time, time +1, and the
corresponding 6 tags. When a tagged stamp worked, all the previous ones
are disabled for the protection period, whether the door unit
received them or not (to avoid the reuse of messages that failed to
open the door.) If you push the remote "open" and it fails to open the
door, and you simply give up on the idea of opening the door, you are
susceptible to replay attack for something like 2 minutes... that's life.
"CLOSE" ACTION. Just close the door, no crypto.
Any problem with this SIMPLE solution? Considering there is no point
in spending zillions on the garage door opener if your windows do not
have alarms.
The reason some current units may not be secure is probably the
usual: the manufacturers are not interested in what the customers
don't want and the customers don't want what the manufacturers have
never told them could (or should) be done. And politicians are more
interested in legislative action than in suggesting their constituents
do not buy junk.
pierre at shell.portal.com
Sandy Sandfort  said something like:

@_date: 1994-07-26 12:08:36
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNKS TO THE RESCUE 
Sorry for following up on my own post, but when I said:
On the other hand, our leaders may be interested in promoting
technology and the American Way. To this end, NIST (in close collaboration
with NSA and the FBI) could be mandated to assign a committee to prepare
a report detailing the need for further study on the Information
Highway Garage Door Opener Voluntary Standard (IHGDOVS, sorry).
Clearly National Security would mandate the use of an escrow system,
and of secret algorithms, but as phone coverage of the country (and
soon cellular coverage) if pretty good, key escrow would not impose
that much of a burden on the taxpayer.
The door unit would be a tamper proof, reverse engineering proof unit
back-end programmed in Fort Meade to hold the escrow serial number.
Its full alphanumeric keyboard (anything less would be un-american)
could not be used to enter a new pass-phrase unless a phone connection
exists back to headquarters. Because of the escrow system, there would then be no objection to
the use of a really secure system (with full length 500 bit keys). And
because "compute cycles are cheap" voice recognition could be added
on the remote to foil crude attacks in the line of stealing the silly
thing. All this resulting in a definite strategic and economic advantage
for the US and US companies.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-07-29 13:10:24
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: NYET and international data services 
Eric Hughes remarks:
Right, clearly, and I would add national underground links that would
appear if such regulation was implemented. I'm always amazed when
people think for even one second that effectually
regulating an internet based on the existing protocols is possible.
In particular, the existing internet has enough redundancy and activists
to keep it going, legal hassles or not.
Unfortunately, what is just as clearly (to me :-) possible, is an ATTEMPT
at regulation, with its accompanying enforcement effort, no matter how
ludicrous. With this would come the same waste in good will, money,
lives, trust in the goverenment, and trust in fellow citizens that came
from the previous attempts at regulating alcohol, drugs, taxes and
intellectual property to cite only the most blatant examples.
If legal and corporate bullies make it difficult to run key servers in
the US, use the ones that run outside. Same for anonymous remailers. Same
for erotic or pornographic picture servers. Same for erotic texts,
the other way around from Canada or, say, Islamic countries: You can
run these with little hassle in the US (although it's certainly not
the best place to do so). The same thing for intellectual property laws:
not all countries have the same copyright, patent or trademark laws.
And if you are in France and want to run English language services,
do it from the US, or England, or Finland, or Germany, or ... :-(
And why would a networked bank stay in the US once the bugs are ironed
out, or even before that for that matter?  In fact, even US law
enforcement people are reported to be doing that currently from the
US, using foreign companies to collate data on US residents that they
are forbidden from collating in the US (sorry, reference not handy).
Recently, TV crews were shocked, simply shocked to discover that you
could access from the US "disgusting pictures" stored on a Danish
computer .
Unfortunately for the US subscribers to this list, as things stand,
there are very few reasons to run any kind of internet businesses
from the US, apart from current physical location of the principals.
I predict many of the less employee-intensive ones will simply
I fully understand that it's easier to run the software from a local
site, with physical oversight, but you should balance the legal
hacking necessary with the programing hacking. Really, in many cases
a foreign site in a country where the activity is legal would mean
much fewer hassles, and added peace of mind (notwithstanding the
ironically similar tendencies of Israel, certain Islamic states, and
the US to want to prosecute foreigners for activities performed in
foreign countries...)
Give up on your reluctance with dealing with foreign countries, and
don't give yourselves more headaches than necessary.
I'd encourage people who are aware of foreigner-friendly and privacy-
aware internet access systems, suitable for such legal or financial
arbitraging to post pointers to this list. They are relevant because
of the privacy aspects, the use for setting up key-servers, banks,
reputation systems, and whatnots, and the cryptographic aspects of
maintaining businesses through mostly remote access.
(French, US permanent resident... aaAAAaarrRRRrrggGGgghhHHhhhh ;-)
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-07-29 22:25:14
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: AA BBS sysops found guilty 
I said:
Well, talk about subtle: (From the netnews threads)
"The Thomases were convicted on 11 criminal counts, each carrying
maximum sentences of five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.
Thomas was acquitted on a charge of accepting child pornography
mailed to him by an undercover postal inspector."
The thread is currently in comp.org.eff.talk,misc.legal,alt.sex,
In none of the thread did I see a mention that the difference between
"shipping material" and "Making material available for net access" was
even considered to matter. The judge also seems to have disallowed the
jury from interpreting "community standards" to include what we call
"electronic communities" (not that I would expect a bunch of random
jurors to even consider this distinction).
Interesting quotes from the thread:
:   "If the jury feels the law is unjust, we recognize the undisputed
:   power of the jury to acquit, even if its verdict is contrary to the
:   law as given by a judge, and contrary to the evidence ... and the
:   courts must abide by that decision."
:   - US v Moylan, 4th Circuit Court of Appeals, 1969, 417 F.2d at 1006
: In the list of grievances in the July 4, 1776, declaration of
: independence, one was "transporting us beyond seas to be tried for
: pretended offences."
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-09-10 11:18:19
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: E.C.T. 
Dave Merriman explains:
You don't need any Testbed Administration to do that. You can start such
a mailing list right now, based on "silly name" NetCash/NetBank. They
have the advantage of being right here, right now, and they are real money
(so far :-).
The fact that they receive their funds only through 900 numbers does not
even necessarily limit them to USA residents: others can easily buy and
sell "credits" through said USA residents.  After all, people have been
selling software and T-shirts internationally for a while.
AMIX was based on such a system, albeit somehow considering they didn't
need internet access, and building a pricing schedule more in line with
Dialog than with internet (read "out of this world" :-).
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-09-18 21:45:29
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: privacy in Unix environment 
Perl lets you manipulate files and directories, and perform functions
like 'sort' and all the pattern matching you would expect (and more)
without leaving the language. It also provides the hooks to change the
apparent command name when you run an external command (ps will see
that name). But Perl does not let you mask the arguments of such a
command, at least not that I know of.  I'd say, for whatever you get to
write, don't pass arguments on the command line, but in files or
through pipes, and for what you can't control, work with meaningless
temporary file names:  arg1, arg2, arg3...  Before, and after you are
done, change the file names to the real thing using Perl scripts.
As for command line switches... I have no idea.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-09-19 18:32:40
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: art encryption... 
The problem is that's pretty much all that can be done so far: The viewer
can *verfify* that the copy is a full un-molested copy of what the artist
released, or for physical works, maybe that the object being scanned *is*
the original object (maybe). But for pictures released in bitmap form, and
then lossily compressed, cropped, scaled, dithered, and whatnot, the
(ahem) authenticity of the copy can't be checked anymore. At least not if
the signature was, for example, a signed message digest as has been
Message digests, in the form we now know them, do not resist lossy
compression and such injury. That's what they are designed for. So, in
particular, a magazine can still take a signed copy of a picture, creatively
modify it slightly, and print it claiming this is original work by somebody
else. In this case, the printing process itself is most likely enough to
dispell any hope of recomputing the same message digest. Handling this case
relies back on conventional evidence and juries.
Other formats such as CAD drawings, text, and pictures in primitive forms
(such as Postscript), and source and binary code, are susceptible to more:
It is possible to hide some identifying info in them. But they also are
susceptible to mechanical modification (lossless in terms of the
"artwork", but lossy in terms of the steganography.) For example, by
rewriting "for the same functionality" mechanically or manually. For a
mechanical translation, the plaintiff may now have to identify
which mechanical process was used before, maybe, having a case again
(in addition of conventional legal wranglings).
What would be ideal in all these cases is a steganographic process that
would map to the whole as much as to the parts. Fractal steganography.
In the case of architectural drawings, a signature of the original
architects would be embedded in small sets of dimensions, in small sets
of proportions, in ways the CAD language is used, in the background
details of artwork, in the text included in drawings as well as in CAD files comments and variable names... etc... In summary in sufficiently
numerous and different places that mechanical modification, or even
extensive manual rework could still forget some instances of the signature.
The signature still has to be specific enough to identify certainly the
author, as opposed to being attributable to random luck (as in DNA matching).
This means this signature requires a rather large number of bits (fewer
if the signatures are registered precisely and provably before the works
are released), but still enough bits that it is not so easy to hide many
of them (depending on the medium: rather hard in text, rather easy in
complex pictures.)
The signature becomes part of the picture, it is not an afterthought
Fractal message digests, whose verifiability would degrade gracefully
as the original is more and more mutilated, would serve the same purpose
for verification (you could check that a decompressed, cropped
part of a picture is really from the artist who fractally signed
the whole.) Conceivably it would be the same if the part was printed
in weird colors or something: "some" of it still "is" from the same artist.
But, for legal issues, how would that be different from copyright
registration? Doesn't copyright registration rely on the same
principle: a set of jurors will determine what the chance is that
this is the same work or not. This just provides tools to fortify a
court case.
Enough ramblings :-) I'll stop now,
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-09-20 00:53:06
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: art encryption... 
Let me reassure you: I have never heard the idea seriously explored
before, and I'm not certain it leads anywhere really useful (as in
satisfying from a security point of view.) Mostly, though, the interest
in crypto has been so far toward standard message digests made to
detect *any* tampering with the message. On the other hand, there has
been work on ad-hoc steganographic marks with the purpose of tracking
leaks and dumb or hurried copyright violators, and in that case it is
useful to keep in mind: no point in protecting only the whole, or only
some parts. Still, nothing close to what I described that I know of (I
have no read yet about the work at one of the bell labs :-) on marks in
text for leak tracking.) Again, as I pointed out, there must be serious
tradeoffs in implementations of the idea, to the point where I don't
know if it is realizable, or useful. And so far, art signature ideas
have been fairly limited and not really explored to their conclusion.
Besides, I'm in the "copyright is dead" camp, and for artwork I would
tend to put value in physical objects (whether single original, or
editions intrinsically limited because of the process). An electronic
copy is an electronic copy is an electronic copy. There is value in
timeliness too, and that's the main incentive for new ideas and work.
Especially nowadays, being there first has value in itself, we don't
need legislation to prop that up. I am however interested in such
robust message digest ideas in an information retrieval context:
How do you index documents without deciding in advance what the
retrieval will be based on: words, parts of speech, lines, sentences,
paragraphs, digest, exact, approximate, phonetic, relevance feedback...
The whole or the part. See also the recent announcement about an NSA
product to match similar texts without prior knowledge of topic or
even language (as claimed).
In this case, a signed message digest would do just fine. If the agency
really wants paper, they can have a seal on a form with a printed
public key. They can verify that the signature and digest match
when the drawing is first delivered, and that's it. No unauthorized
manipulation can happen and not be detected (if the drawing digest
is checked before the drawing is used.) And the author need not be
allowed to repudiate a signature on old drawings. If he destroys the
private key after having used it on a project, no new drawings can be
filed that fit the same published public key either. So that should do
it. Date-stamping is relatively well understood too.
Actually, they only wish the painting was the end product. Instead it
can get ripped off, copied, changed, printed, appropriated in many
Yes, we are nowhere close to that, but it's fun to think about it.
However, "healthy and safe" is not an authenticity problem. Whether
a building is an original or a copy is, so, maybe, is whether the
building is according to drawing or not. "Healthy and safe" is very
subjective, especially in an over-regulated society where "meeting
the code" is essentially impossible. So "healthy and safe" is a
certificate granted by an agency that can be duped and/or is lazy
and/or has other agenda^H^H^H^H^H^H priorities. (:-) what's the plural
for agenda ?) A building according to drawing need not be "healthy and
safe". Finally (and then I'll stop, promised) verifying a message
digest relies on the verifier having access to at least all that needs
to be verified. And only what is available can be verified, of course.
So shoddy construction is unlikely to become verifiable because it
is hidden from whoever would have done something about it. Transparent
finances and more efficient use of reputation may help you more.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-09-24 01:40:04
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Laws Outside the U.S. 
OK, here is a first shot at the translation of the French law articles
that were reported to be posted at:
There are still a few questions I need to ask the original transcriber
(who left no email address of course), or others. So, for now, consider
this a limited private distribution, for cypherpunk eyes only. I'll
repost with the answers later (If and when I ever get them.)
Given the latest entertaining news from France, simply translating
French law into English may be a crime. American officials would add:
"Yeah! That's it!, even for foreigners operating outside their/my/any
country!" :-)
As to the quality of the translation: I'm not an american lawyer, nor a
french lawyer, and any given legal paragraph can usually be interpreted
either way. This may not even be my reading tomorrow... To avoid
confusing things even further, I'll limit my comments in the translation
to remarks concerning the translation itself, in square brackets [].
And don't blame me for the quality of the English, the French itself is
laughable (although much more understandable than tax law, let me tell
you :-) The drastic editing is the responsibility of the previous
transcribers. All typos are my computer's fault. I wasn't even there.
pierre at shell.portal.com
[French] Law number 90-1170, published in the "Journal Officiel" of
December 30, 1990.
(The first 27 articles concern the encryption of information transmitted
via radio or mail.)
Article 28. - By cryptologic services, one means all services aimed at
transforming through secret conventions information or clear signals into
information or signals unintelligible by third parties, or at achieving
the reverse operation, via means, hardware or software, designed to that
end. To preserve the interests of defense and internal or external national
security, the supply, export, or use of cryptologic means or services are
a) to prior declaration when this means or service can have no other use
than authenticating a communication or than ensuring the integrity of the
transmitted message.
b) to prior authorization by the Prime Minister in all other cases.
A decree of the "Conseil d'Etat" [President and some ministers, if I
recall] determines the circumstances in which the declaration is filed,
or the authorization granted, as per the previous paragraph. This decree
can make provisions for a simplified system of declaration or
authorization for certain types of equipment or services, or for certain
categories of users.
II. - In addition to the provisions of the customs code, anyone having
exported a cryptologic means, or having provided or made to be provided
a cryptologic service without the authorization mentioned in paragraph I
of the present article, will be punished by a fine of 6000 F [US$1,200] to
500 000 F [US$100,000] and by imprisonment of one to three months or by
one of these two sentences only. The court can, in addition, forbid the
person from requesting this authorization for a period of at most two years,
or five years for subsequent offenses. In case of conviction, the court
can, in addition, pronounce the forfeiture of the cryptologic equipment.
III. - In addition to police officers and customs officers in their
jurisdiction, agents authorized for this purpose by the Prime Minister
and sworn in the conditions specified by the "Conseil d'Etat", can
investigate and report by a [sworn, whatever] statement any violations of
the present article and of the corresponding regulations. Their statements
are forwarded within five days to the "Procureur de la Republique"
[district attorney ?].
They can enter business locations and transportation means, request the
disclosure of any business documents and take copies of them. They can,
on location or by convocation, collect information and justifications.
Decree Number 92-1358 of December 28, 1992, published in the "Journal
Officiel" of December 30, 1992.
Decision of December 28, 1992 about declarations and requests for
authorization relative to cryptologic equipment and services.
Art. 4 - Require prior declaration, the provision, export, and use of
any cryptologic equipment and services ... in particular :
- The equipment, hardware or software, susceptible to ensure the
confidentiality of communications of any nature, or the confidentiality
of data stored in memory;
- Cryptologic services that ensure the confidentiality of all or part
of a communication, or of data stored in memory;
- Cryptoanalytic equipment and services.
[This "declaration" article may in fact be an "authorization" article.
That would be a pretty major mistake of the previous transcriber, and
needs confirmation.]
Art. 6 - Smart cards that do not allow, in and of themselves, that is
without the need for external cryptologic devices, to ensure the
confidentiality of communications, benefit of the same declarations filed
and authorizations obtained for the equipment and services with which
they are used.
Art. 7 - Are not considered cryptologic equipment, the means, hardware or
software, specifically designed for the protection of software against
illegal copying or use, even if they use methods or devices kept
secret, on the condition that they do not allow the encryption, either
directly or indirectly of that software package.
Art. 9 - In case of uncertainty of the requestor, as to whether some
equipment or service belongs to the category of cryptologic equipment
and services, the central service for the security of information
systems is consulted.
Paris, Decmber 28, 1992.
French version according to Jerome RABENOU
Student at the Villetaneuse Law School.
Paris - France.
(may have been edited by webmaster Florent.Chabaud at ens.fr)
Tentative translation: Pierre Uszynski.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1995-08-17 18:21:30
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
Says Joe Buck:
Certainly not only that. In fact you pay directly for weak credit card
security through taxes used to legislate, police, try, and jail
fraudsters. Add to that the cost to society of keeping these people in
jail instead of more productive occupations. Add the time wasted
straightening out bogus transactions. Add the cost of delaying
purchases and action because of the (maybe irrational) fear that no
secure payment system is available.
The argument that fraud existed before credit cards is only a
technically correct statement. It does not bear. The point is, credit
card transactions could be much more secure, at sometimes trivial cost,
making much fraud disappear. Unfortunately, in this case, insecure
credit cards are not an obstacle to banks making money, so why should
they care?  Credit card fraud does not prevent politicians from being
re-elected, so why should they care?  Same would apply to car
manufacturers: easily stolen cars do not prevent them from making
money, so why should they care?
When 'bad persons' misuse credit cards, the cost to us is very real,
just well hidden by all involved.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1995-08-18 09:05:02
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
Jordan (jordan at Heuristicrat.COM) attempts to correct me ;-)
Creative quoting aside, the point of my post, if it needs further
clarification, was that the cost of fraud is not only a burden to
the banks as some people seem to think. It is not even only transmitted
back to the customers in the form of higher fees and interest rates.
Card issuers can, do, and should as long as they can get away with it,
rely on methods against fraud that are less costly to them. That's
because they answer to their bottom line, to their share holders.
There are disincentives to fraud in the form of legal penalties and
threat of same, even the impression that credit cards are insecure may
help by limiting what (some) people dare to do with them. The costs of
these methods of fighting fraud is carried in part even by us who don't
even usually use credit cards! The highest the penalties and cost of
enforcement, the lowest the direct burden on banks, but that does not
necessarily mean that our (user's) bottom line will improve.
For citizens and tax payers who are not significant share holders, it's
not enough to ask the card issuers what the cost of card insecurity is
to them. "Our cost is higher."
By making some credit card fraud illegal, enforcing, etc... we actually
allow card issuers to use less secure mechanisms and procedures
(although I'll agree this does not apply to the 40 bit key nonsense,
that's one case where banks and businesses would be happy to use longer
keys.) (the equivalent mis-quote about politicians applies here :-)
pierre at shell.portal.com
(And I will not contribute further to this side thread.)

@_date: 1995-02-13 19:11:24
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: ref on crypto formalism 
I dug out one of the references I was thinking of when you were
talking last saturday. A summary of the introduction would go:
"We describe a theory of authentication and a system that implements
it. Our theory is based on the notion of principal and a "speaks for"
relation between principals. A simple principal either has a name or is a
communication channel; a compound principal can express an adopted role
or delegation of authority. [...] We use the theory to explain
many existing and proposed mechanisms for security [...]"
So anyway, although I haven't read the whole thing in depth, it seems
to me a reasonnable way to reason about complex security setups
to make decisions about them (including automatically).
%A Butler Lampson
%A Martin Abadi
%A Michael Burrows
%A Edward Wobber
%T authentication in distributed systems: theory and practice
%J Operating Systems Review (ACM SIGOPS Review)
%J Proceedings of the 13th ACM symposium on operating systems principles
%C Pacific Grove, CA
%D Oct. 13-16 1991
%V 25
%N 5
%P 165-182
%K transitive authentication, operating systems, DES, RSA, security,
channel, RPC, remote procedure calls, public key encryption, name
lookup, groups, access control, delegation, revocation, principals
I'm pretty sure I saw somewhere a companion paper titled something
like "An algebra of authentication"... hmmm  maybe even in CACM...
[...15 minutes later...] Unfortunately some of my CACMs are in hiding
and not properly indexed... It was work done at DEC SRC in Palo Alto,
there must be some research reports too.
If somebody has refs for any of these, it would be great if you'd
post them.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1995-01-09 15:58:54
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: for-pay remailers and FV 
Doug Barnes said:
Same here, but from the other tack: "Remailer Guild??? Give me a
break :-)" My problem with the idea of "Guild" (or any quasi
general agreement) of remailer operators is that:
On the one side:
- The whole idea of a using a remailer chain comes from distrust of
the operators. The operators should be the ones to distrust each other
the most.
And on the other side:
- Most of the arguments I see in favor of some higher organisation
comes from difficulties for the users in using the current payment
systems without trace, and come from getting more weight in establishing
policies. Simply put, we'll get to untraceable cash (usable as stamps
on every envelope level), and we'll get to systematically encrypted
messages (policy only relevant at last stage remailers) soon enough.
A guild trying to distribute funds would need a system of accounting
that the operators themselves couldn't mess up. Good luck.
On the other hand, once you have:
- anonymous, untraceable e-money (small amounts are fine, no large bank
backing is fine, a simple anonymized Netcash would be fine. Remailers
won't be making big money from any single cheating entity anytime
- reputation systems, in the line of the current remailer pinging. They
could include price surveys too. I also see them handling more flow
control missions in particular for "everyone a remailer" remailers.
- mailing tools that juggle for you all the different types of remailers,
cash, and rep systems.
Then and only then, you get for-pay remailers. There is still a need
for political and legal support for last stage remailers but that's
pretty likely to be country specific, and that's certainly independant
from a payment system (which would be netwide).
Finally, I do not believe that introducing payment in the remailer
system would curb abuse in any significant way. Significant abuse is
that which causes significant problems for the operators: posting
secret religious technology, forging prime minister mail, harrassing a
member of any number of opposite persuasions, etc... Do you think for a
minute that a 5 cents postage is going to stop these messages now? And
how about when remailers do attain good reliability and untraceability,
for 3 cents?
Give up already: remailers are going to transport lots of material that
will be offensive to somebody, illegal somewhere, in bad taste here, or
at least that somebody (with guns) will want to trace. That's the whole
point of remailers. Remailers that want to limit the heat can, for now,
restrict to encrypted traffic, there is certainly no dishonor to that.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1995-01-11 16:05:01
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Remailing pricing and cover traffic 
We have been debating payment systems for remailers under the
following assumptions:
a) Reliable remailers will have to justify professional management
by making money for their owners.
b) End-of-chain remailers will need to make money to cover for
their legal expenses.
c) Payment would limit abuse.
I already countered the last point. Let me try to deal with the first
two to conclude that many professionally run remailers may very well
stay free or close to that for a long time:
Remailers are only one of many kinds of businesses that have been
described on this list. Others will include reputation markets,
near-traditional banking systems, stamp issuers, certification
agencies, data havens etc... But we have also seen that nearly all
other forms of businesses already now cannot but run afoul of a
tentacular law at some time or other. We have concluded that many of
these businesses would migrate to cypherspace, hiding their locations,
owners, books, assets and other information too dangerous to keep in
the open.
Each such organisation will generate lots of traffic, in part under
control of whoever is trying to do business with it. So they are
potentially easily traceable and subject to legal or violent
consequences.  A possible solution is of course for their sites to be
remailers too. Lots of non-descript remailers, trading lots of
encrypted traffic, a lot of it remailer management info and bogus
filler traffic.  When you are one of many, and people correspond with
you only through limited traffic anonymous response blocks, then the
remailers help you stay hidden by providing cover traffic.
But for this to work you must consistently attract a lot of cover
traffic through your remailer(s). If others undercut your stamp price,
or best your reliability status, you are in trouble because traffic
will migrate to other more competitive remailers, and you will be left
dry on the sand with the task to generate believable cover traffic
yourself. You are also competing with the cypherspace customers hiding
their own personal traffic under cover of "everyone-a-remailer"
It may well be much simpler for cypherbusinesses to stay competitive on
the "middle" remailer market, even at a loss, and to transmit volumes of
believable (because real) cover traffic. End-of-chain (or more
precisely "clear-text") remailers can be expected to be a minority as,
after all, they are only needed to post to public forums. Maybe these
will charge a fee. For the others, the most and biggest "porn GIFs" go
through (even for free), the better...
However, large free remailers may then arise suspicion: There is little
reason to run a heavy traffic remailer for free, apart from getting
cover traffic. Competition may then settle at a small price, far from
enough to keep the remailer running, but enough to not be too
conspicuous. Or better, non-profit remailers may become ubiquitous,
being used in part to provide cover traffic and in part to transfer
money from the cypherspace businesses to cover for the cost of the
computers and obvious living expenses.
Between cypherbusinesses, everyone-a-remailer operations, and a few
real non-profits, most remailing may stay close to free for a long
time.  Untraceable money will be useful for all kinds of things, but
maybe not so much for remailing.
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1995-10-29 05:17:32
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal 
kelso (kelso at netcom.com) suggested:
[Let's split the message, get both parts independently to the
end-recipient and let him sort it out]
Thomas Grant Edwards (tedwards at Glue.umd.edu) continued:
[Well, let's just get it there still encrypted]
I'll continue in this direction:
My understanding is that it is a Good Thing for the last stage remailer
to be able to claim:  "I received high entropy stuff. There is no way I
could tell what it was. I just forwarded it. I just make sure I do not
forward low entropy stuff."  Furthermore, it would help everybody if
end-recipients were somehow able to signal whether they are or are not
willing to read clearly anonymous material (and are suckers for
pseudonyms :-)
The problem is that it is currently the last stage's responsibility
to decipher most messages, and it is very difficult (at best) to go
back and modify all mail and news readers so their user can shield
himself from anonymous stuff.
We could however provide servers that make it "Very Easy" or at least
easier for the end-recipient to make sense of split or still encrypted
email messages:
(In broad lines, depending on the remailer type.)
The end-recipient may receive one encrypted message, or k split parts of
a message that say, prominently at the top (ni the message body so that
braindead mail readers show it to their users):
"If you are the end-recipient for this email message, you can get it
decrypted by forwarding it as is to a Handyserver such as
handyserver at well.known.site.  Don't worry about formats, the server
knows what to do. If you received several such messages, forward all of
them one by one or together. They may all be parts of one message. The
server remembers parts for a week, while waiting for more parts, and
will respond when done."
Now, we need a way for this to work for the end-recipient but not for
the last stage remailer. How about the message sender sending, through
the remailer network, to the Handyserver (How about Johnnyserv as an
other possible name :-), the decryption key, the end-recipient email
address and name, and the first few bytes of the encrypted messages.
The Handyserver authenticates service requests with some heuristic
based on name and email, and knows which key to apply based on the
message's first few bytes. That's extremely weak authentication but it
usually takes no effort by the end-recipient and the last stage
remailer can now say "I cannot attempt to get all my traffic through
Handyservers. Not only it would be very time consuming, but I would
have to illegally forge the recipient's address and the Handyserver
would forward the decrypted version directly to the end-recipient
anyway." The Handyserv can also keep a list of tokens publically posted
for the sender to be able to confirm whether his message was or was not
decrypted (that's an acknowledgement for a successful transmission
through the remailer system, too.)
In summary, the Handyserver provides a "mild" function: Its logs could
permit the identification of the last stage remailer, but so what, the
end-recipient had this info already. The last stage remailer now is
safer.  And the end-recipient has to choose and voluntarily get the
message decrypted.
That could take care of email. Maybe something similar is possible for
news (more or less the way rot13 worked, way back then, in the good old
times when it was deemed sufficient to protect sensitivities.)
pierre at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1995-09-22 23:37:50
@_author: Pierre Uszynski 
@_subject: Project: a standard cell random number generator 
Actually, even without going into the more analog characteristics of
these same standard cells (as Tim suggests: threshold measurement, DRAM
discharge time, and so on) you can do that using the really basic
behavior of really basic standard cells: I did that some 8 years ago
around a free-running ring oscillator (a bunch of basic logic gates in
a ring).
The problem I would look into first is that any such random number
generator (even the ones based on measurements of analog quantities)
would likely synchronize to some extend to the local noise (like CMOS
switching noise in sync with the chip clock). My impression is that if
you try and make the thing more impervious to noise, it will be less
random too, and the most prominent noise in such chips is not random
at all.
So, you could try to make it run fast, and place it in a slow chip
(like an older style UART), or you could try to kick it out of sync now
and then based on some external conditions (maybe) (bus signal arrival
time, serial line input, etc).
It's not guaranteed it would end up generating anything useful (maybe
not even to seed a software PRNG). I still like the idea of using
macroscopic events, many orders of magnitude different from system
operating frequencies: mouse location and timing sounds good. If you
want to get large amounts of random numbers, use a specially designed
separate box, well shielded, and running on batteries (like a walkman :-)
And a cryptographically secure software hash is always necessary.
pierre at shell.portal.com
