
@_date: 1995-10-29 13:01:14
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: 1995-10-27 Members Named to Nat Security Telecom Committee (fwd) 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                     Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                                   October 27, 1995
     President Clinton today announced his intent to appoint the following
individuals to the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee
     Dr. Vance D. Coffman is the president of Lockheed Martin Corporation.
Previously, he was president of the Space Systems Division of Lockheed
Missiles and Space Co. and vice president of the corporation.  Dr. Coffman
was responsible for the Hubble Space Telescope, MILSTAR, Follow-on Early
Warning, and the worldwide mobile commercial cellular phone system,
Iridium.  He holds a B.S. degree in aerospace engineering from Iowa State
University, and masters and doctoral degrees in aeronautics and
astronautics from Stanford University.
     Mr. Paul E. Wright is chairman of Chrysler Technologies Corporation
(CTC), the aerospace and defense electronics arm of the Chrysler
Corporation.  He was president and chief operating officer of Fairchild
Industries prior to joining CTC.  Mr. Wright guided the company's focus
toward spacecraft, defense electronics, and selected industrial products.
Mr. Wright spent 28 years with RCA Corporation, during which time he rose
to senior vice president.  He was responsible for developing and
administrating the strategic plans for RCA.
     Van B. Honeycutt is president of Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC),
the largest independent provider of information technology consulting,
systems integration, and outsourcing to industry and government.  He began
his career with CSC in 1975, serving as a regional marketing manager for
Infonet, the company's timesharing and value-added network, which CSC sold
in 1989.  In 1983, Mr. Honeycutt became president of CSC Credit Services.
He was later promoted to corporate vice president and president of CSC's
Industry Services Group in 1987.  He led CSC's advance into the growing
outsourcing market, negotiating the industry's largest outsourcing pact, a
10 year, $3 billion agreement with General Dynamics Corporation.
     The President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory
Committee (NSTAC) provides the President with information and advice from
the industry's perspective regarding specific measures to maintain,
protect, and enhance the nation's telecommunications resources that
support national security and emergency preparedness capabilities.  The
Committee addresses telecommunications issues throughout the year and
periodically reports directly to the President, and also to the Secretary
of Defense in his capacity as the Executive Agent for the National
Communications System.
