
@_date: 1996-04-11 17:45:31
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Scientologists may subpoena anonymous remailer records? 
cc: rnewman at cybercom.net, grady at northcoast.com, kaj.malmberg at mallu.pp.fi,
        sthomson at netcom.com
Ron, thanks for the background about the CoS's renewed attempts to get a search warrant for anon.penet.fi. I hope you don't get dragged into this any more than you already are.
Grady Ward writes below, in a message dated this morning:
  > I would say it is virtually certain that U.S. anon remailers will
  > be subpoenaed as well as any foreign ones in which they can handle
  > the authorities.
Yikes! Jim's alert was timely.
[This message is archived at Here's what Grady said to me in several messages.  Note that
they seem to be after anon.penet.fi again too.
(He has given me blanket permission to distribute his e-mail to me to
 anyone who may find it of use.)
I've just received e-mail from:
kaj.malmberg at mallu.pp.fi (Kaj Malmberg)
The Poilice CID in Helsinki who is being pushed by the criminal
cult yet again to get a search warrant for Julf's anonymous remailer,
claiming I have been violating my injunction to post cult crap.
I told him that as usual the criminal cult is lying and that I gave him
and Julf explicit permission to investigate any or all of my posts I
have ever made through the remailer.
The criminal cult is trying to use the fact of my injunction to further
their own conspiracy theories.  South Africa, Finland, where does
it end?
I like to err on the side of openness. Each to their own I suppose.
Basically I trust Kaj to sense who is the criminal perpetrator in this case.
I also sent him the set of trial stipulations in the Snow White case that
ought to give him very interesting background on the criminal cult.
He is still free to do as he wishes.
[Regarding the depositions. --Declan]
No one was with me.
Total hours day one: 7.5
Total hours day two: 3.25 hours, as per order of Judge Infante.
Also I believe all american anonymous remailers will be subpoenaed
for their records as will all my ISPs, and contents of safety
deposit box held as evidence.
I don't know what's up today, but Julf wrote yesterday
to tell me that my id grady at northcoast.com had NOT
been used to go through his remailer.
No word on what the police are doing to subpoena his system,
if they are.
Yes do please distribute my messages as you deem
necessary.  Some people ought to be aware of what is
coming down.
My feeling is that they will be doing anything they can
to attempt to produce "hard evidence" that I am part of
the Grand Conspiracy. I would say it is virtually certain
that U.S. anon remailers will be subpoenaed as well as any
foreign ones in which they can handle the authorities.
I did tell you that they sprung a surpise motion on me and
Judge Infante during day  of the deposition by asking him
if their computer expert could make copies of the contents thereof
to look for contraband?
I objected on the grounds that it was a thinly disguised seizure
request (which had already been denied by Judge Whyte) and that
the box contained much private material such as letters to my wife, etc.
The judge did agree to another motion however made by Hogan
to "freeze" the contents of the box to "preserve evidence".
Obviously any motion that they make to examine the contents will
be met by a demand that only a mutually agree 3rd party using
an agreed upon protocol (i.e. grepping for an agreed list of
patterns) will be permitted. No mass copying, no random cult
Grady Ward           |                   | +1 707 826 7715      |                   |
(voice/24hr FAX)     | 34877c8566839cb7  |
grady at northcoast.com | aeab8ec5e5ee97fe  |
