
@_date: 1998-08-11 09:58:57
@_author: dontspam-tzeruch at ceddec.com 
@_subject: I'm from the government, and I'm here to control your email.... 
No, it can still be a bad thing even if I am the beneficiary.  The
question is whether or not it maximizes efficiency.  A stock market crash
will benefit the short sellers and owners of puts.  But it will also cause
a depression, which will still affect the short sellers.
There is a cross-subsidy.  The monopoly then pays the government to
maintain the monopoly indefinately using government force to drive out
competition.  Being able to legally imprison or shoot competitors is an
advantage that is hard to overcome. Alaska tends to be cold.  Should heat and other forms of energy be
subsidized, and roads built to wherever I want to place my cabin?  Arizona
is dry - should they get subsidized water?
Why is distance different than any other factor.  If I want to live in a
remote area, I should bear the costs of the remoteness, just as if I want
to live near a river, I will have to bear the costs of flood control or
damage from uncontrolled floods.  I don't have to live in a mountain
cabin, but if I do there will be costs.
The largest delay for consumer wireless has been government regulation
itself - not allowing efficient use of bandwidth.  (I think the first cell
phone was 1979).  And there was a CB craze, although it had limited range.
The big wait was for the FCC to catch up with technology (or for congress to allow them to do so).
Many third world governments are thoroughly corrupt.  Across the border in
Mexico they have "Government" - are you saying that Mexico City is better
than Wyoming?  And the small villages have government even if they don't
have technology.
Generally wealthier people can afford to live in the remote areas, and can
afford alternatives to first class mail.  Poor people rely on first class
mail within cities to do much of their business, and that is mainly local. So you have another case of the poor subsidizing the rich. No, your $0.32, soon to be more.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---
