
@_date: 1994-12-05 07:12:27
@_author: William A. Kennedy 
@_subject: cypher bickering 
internet: kenned09 at ssw.alcoa.com
I am a relatively new member to this list.  There is so much potential for
great discussion because the topic is technically challenging and politically
That's why it is extremely frustrating to see the list contributors, and it's
moderator  getting all tied up in their collective underwear over whether or
not the moderator can and/or force people to affix a digital signature to every
posting.  What's worse, they seem to stay up through the night just to bicker
about it.  In the paper world, I send out many things that I don't sign.  I
don't sign them because it is of no significance that it be proven that I sent
it.  It also might be that the information is of such a general nature that it
makes no neverminds who sent it.  I submit that digital signatures are the same
But, as Tim May proposed, it could be the "secret-decoder-ring" phenomenon at
work.  By digitally signing all of our postings we prove that we are committed
members of the "cause."  But to whom are we proving our dedication.  We would
be demonstrating it to people who, by nature of their own interest in this
list, are already committed.  Oh, but wait a minute.  Maybe we're afraid that
people who don't even own digital signature software, are posting there ideas
on our favorite subject.  Isn't the posting of any ideas on cryptography by
anyone more important than who's doing the posting?

@_date: 1994-12-05 07:13:05
@_author: William A. Kennedy 
@_subject: crypto, why not catching on? 
internet: kennned09 at ssw.alcoa.com
This is a response to Tim May's well-thought-out piece on "why cryptography has
not caught on."
I think cryptography _has_ caught on.  There are people in the crypto debate
now that weren't there two years ago;  perhaps even one.  I think we should not
measure the commitment to the cryptography debate buy counting the amount of
encrypted traffic .  There just isn't that much that people send that needs to
be encrypted.  Our debate should, and does, focus on the rights of people to
have the technical tools to insure the privacy of messages and other
communication that they deem to be worthy of special handling.  Thanks to
people like Phil Zimmermann and Romana Michado, and many others I'm sure that I
don't even know about, we have those technical tools and should now be fighting
for the right to use them.
Interestingly enough, I sent a message to Phil and got a response from his
vacation program.  In it he tells us that, if we think that our message to him
needs to be encrypted, then please allow more time to get it read.
