
@_date: 1994-04-10 16:08:28
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: No Subject 
I found Timothy May's post on Hamiltonian cycles in graphs very in-
teresting. However, my main reason is due to the relevance between
this subject and the P - NP problem. Although I am familiar with
the practical aspect of this terminology (through my numerical
mathematics subjects), I am a bit hazy on the "pure", theoretical
side. Does anyone have any references on this matter. I am especially
interested in the "P=NP?" problem.
Peter Murphy.

@_date: 1994-04-12 19:41:35
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Prime number tests 
Would you be able to show me a reference?
Peter Murphy

@_date: 1994-04-14 00:14:39
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Number Theory 
Well, since a fair amount of people have been asking for Number Theory
books (including myself, I must admit), I decided to get off my butt, and see the major number theorist in this department, Dr. Keith Matthews.
He is a really nice guy, and is always interested in writing and/or
distributing programs for number theory calculations. He even showed me
one of his newest programs, and demostrated it by factoring 2^71 -1 for
he teaches, and could I post it to the list. Voila! Not only did he have
it printed out on paper, but he also mailed me the relevant LATEX files.
I have decided to remove the LATEX symbols, course codes, class times, etc.,
from the files and just strip it down to the textbook list. Of course, this
is only for a 2nd level subject, but the Library of Congress catalog codes
included should help you look for new books. There are, of course, other books on this subject. I hope people find it useful. (If anyone wants the original LATEX files, well. . . I've got those too.) So, with Dr. Matthews
kind permission, I present the following refernces:
(Peter Murphy. )
{Textbooks: Number Theory}
G. Andrews, "Number theory",  QA 241.A5 1971,
D. M. Bressoud, "Factorization and primality testing", QA161.F3B731989,
T.H. Cormen, C.E. Leiserson, R.L. Rivest, "Algorithms", MIT Press, 1989,
 QA76.6.C6621990.
H. Davenport, "The higher arithmetic", QA 241.D2 1952;
G. H. Hardy and E. M. Wright, "Introduction to the theory of numbers",
 QA 241.H3 1945,
T. H. Jackson, "Number theory", QA 241.J3 1975,
N. Koblitz, "A course in number theory and cryptography", QA3.G7NO.114,
W. J. LeVeque, "Fundamentals of number theory",  QA 241.L57219771,
I. Niven, H.S. Zuckermann, H.L. Montgomery, "An introduction to the theory  of numbers", QA 241.N561991,
O. Ore, "Invitation to number theory", QA 241.O68 1967,
H. Riesel, "Prime numbers and computer methods for factorization",  QA 246.R54 1985,
K. Rosen, "Elementary number theory and its applications",  QA 241.R67 1984,
H. Shapiro, "Introduction to number theory",  QA 241.S445 1983,
M. Schroeder, "Number theory in science and communication",  QA 241.S318 1984,
W. Sierpinski, "Elementary theory of numbers",  QA 241.S477 1964,
H. Stark, "Introduction to the theory of numbers",  QA 241.S72 1970,
R. F. C. Walters, "Number theory -- an introduction",  QA 241.W32 1987,
N.L. Biggs, "Discrete Mathematics", QA 76.9.M35B541989,
P. Giblin, "Primes and Programming", Cambridge University Press 1993.
The following books are also of interest:
[(a)] H. Flanders, "Scientific Pascal", QA76.73P2F551984,
[(b)] R.K. Guy, "Unsolved problems in number theory", QA141.G891981.
[(c)] P. Ribenboim, "The book of prime number records", QA246.R471988.
{Textbooks: Cryptography}
N. Koblitz, "A course in number theory and cryptography", QA3.G7NO.114,
D. Welsh, "Codes and Cryptography", Oxford Science Publications, 1988,
 Z103.W461988
H.C.A. van Tilborg, "An Introduction to Cryptology", Kluwer Academic
 Publishers, 1988, Z103.T541988
W. Patterson, "Mathematical Cryptology for Computer Scientists and
 Mathematicians", Rowman and Littlefield, 1987, Z103.P351987
C. Pomerance, "Cryptology and Computational Nunber Theory",
Proceedings of Symposia in Applied Mathematics, Volume 42, AMS,   QA76.9.A25C841990
D.E.R. Denning, "Cryptography and Data Security", Addison-Wesley, 1982,
 QA76.9.A25D461982
G. Brassard, "Modern Cryptology: a tutorial", Lecture Notes in Computer  Science 325, Springer 1988, QA76.L4V.325
G.J. Simmons,"Contemporary Cryptology", IEEE Press, 1992, QA76.9.A25C66781992
{ Textbooks: Error--Correcting Codes}
S. Roman,"Coding and Information Theory", GTM 134, 1992, QA3.G7NO.134
S.A. Vanstone and P.C. van Ooorschot, "An Introduction to Error Correcting Codes", Kluwer Academic Publishers,1989, TK5102.5.V321989
R. Hill, "A First Course in Coding Theory", Oxford Applied Mathematics and
Computing Science Series, 1986, QA268.H551986
V. Pless, "Introduction to the Theory of Error-Correcting Codes", Wiley 1982,
D.G. Hoffman et al, "Coding Theory", Marcel Dekker, 1991, QA268.C691991
O. Pretzel, "Error--Correcting Codes and Finite Fields"", Oxford Applied Mathematics and Computing Science Series, Clarendon Press 1992.

@_date: 1994-04-21 01:14:56
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Terra Libra (long) 
Wow. Correct me if I'm wrong, but has someone been resurrecting L.
Ron Hubbard on the sly? Either that, or the scientologists have
decided to reform under a different name? Naaw. The syntax is not
appalling enough, and there isn't enough jargon. (However, that
SUPERHEALTH word does make me suspicious... :-)
itself as a transnational organization. Yet it seems to be full of
references to "AMERICA", and contains such buzzwords as "Waco",
"War on Drugs", "socialized health care", and the real give-away:
"constitution". It was obviously written by an American, and is
primarily directed towards Americans.
in such things as the constitution, and Clipper. I have never had a
problem with that, and in fact find it very enlightening to hear about
things from a slightly different perspective from Australia. Occa-
sionally I've seen a silly phrase such as "all us Americans", but I've
let it slide. So don't worry. I am not flaming you.
off. It contained the arrogant preconception that everyone, everywhere,
has the same amount of reverence for the U.S. constitution, and in
fact, look to America as "the home of the free". Well, I've got news
for those blokes. Try to peddle that Terra Libra crap to (say) an
Australian (especially those in the right mind set to appreciate such
"libertarian" ideal expresses inside), and they'll laugh in your face.
They'll look at all the buzzwords, and then just turn around and say:
"Nope." Of course, the Terra Libra dudes are probably not intending this
for anyone but the U.S. Well, if they decide to expand across the Pacific,
they need to do some serious rewriting.
I did find it enlightening, although not for the reasons that Terra Libra
P.S. I actually don't mind living with a "socialized" health care system.
For some reason, no one I know seems to mind either. But then, when some
one else suggests that the U.S. health care system (pre-92) is a good
idea, everyone looks at him as if he's gone mad. Cultural Differences...:-)

@_date: 1994-08-15 20:02:47
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: CARE -- Crypto Abuse Resistance Education 
Ironical as it seems, this may be a good idea in the near future. Yes, I
know, the climate's not the best, and there's little infrastructure (apart from the Trans-Siberian railroad). Additionally, there's a small danger of
being shot by some irritated poachers and lumberers. Finally, I wouldn't
go swimming in the Sea of Okhotsk (sic) unless you are into foraging inside
old decommisioned nuclear submarines....
remaining in Siberia. Apart from the massive forests of the Taiga, there should be still a plethora of minerals in the ground. The central govern-
ments still pretty weak (well... weaker than it was :-), which should appeal
to the libertarians and minarchists on the list. Plus, the area does have
close proximity to the Asia-Pacific region - there should be some people
interested in investment. As for labor... Well, there should be quite a few inhabitants in the Great/Dear Leader's gulags (near Vladivostok) who would
be interested in looking for a quick career restructure.
a couple of decade), things should be really happening. Yes, you too can
be a tentacle of Adam Smith's invisible hand! (Sorry, shouldn't mix my
Peter Murphy.

@_date: 1994-08-23 19:27:27
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: THE H.E.A.T. IS ON 
Since I don't get Acapulco H.E.A.T where I am, I wonder if you could
answer me this question - Is the show another Aaron Spelling production?
Peter Murphy.

@_date: 1994-02-24 17:26:18
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: An Australian Clipper! 
Does anyone know if there is any proposals (whether tentative or as a bill)
to introduce some equivalent of Clipper into Australia. I have only heard
about it when my cryptology lecturer alluded to it. When I pressed him further,
he said that he didn't have any hard information, but noted that the
Australian government were looking at the American Clipper proposal with
some interest. I find this very disquieting. Any comments or information
would be appreciated. Thank you.
Peter Murphy. (pkm at axiom.uq.oz.au)

@_date: 1994-02-25 18:54:51
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: An Australian Clipper! 
Thanks for your quick reply. I will try and interrogate the lecturer involved for any further info on the subject. I will get back to you on
Wednesday (Australian time), as the said lecture occurs on Tuesday.
Thanks, CCVARGA at delphi.com .
Peter Murphy.

@_date: 1994-07-20 16:26:26
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Cypherpunks & math 
I was slightly suspicious of this posting at first. But I don't see
what damage replying would do. My only reservation is that I find many of the "SUBJECT" titles too vague for proper analysis. After all, "discrete"
mathematics covers quite a lot. So I'll just go through it bit by
Well, yes... I have had quite a bit of discrete mathematics. However I
wouldn't be able to categorize it into one snappy word entry. I am mainly
interested in group theory (and am in fact doing my B. Sc. on it). Other
interests: combinatorics, digital communications, set theory, and of
course, everyone's favourite: cryptology and number theory. Oh... does
this section include high-school as well?
Assuming that "algebra"="discrete Maths", I have had ~10 odd little subjects
concerning this. Only the first 2 fell into "algebra1". As for "algebra2",
yes, we did use Fraleigh for it, but we packed it into a semester.
At the U. of Q. (and a lot of other Australian Universities), the B.Sc. (and
B.A.) is a flat three year course. Doing Honours takes an extra year, and is
classified as postgraduate). So I guess I fall into the "yes" category.
I think I answered this above.
I've never actually done any oral exams. Just a few seminar presentations.
Nope. Nope. Nope.
No Problem.
However, as there seems to be some misunderstanding on my part (due to
the different curriculum), I guess that if anyone posts this quiz in future,
there would have to be some redesigning for people from different edu-
cational systems. For example, Engineering is a separate course from
Science down here. I think this is not true in the U.S. (I could be wrong).

@_date: 1994-07-21 22:06:47
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Who Detweiler is *really* posting as 
I have deleted most of the blather from "Nobody" on this subject. However,
this line was _very_ interesting...
This, of course, comes after about 60-80 lines of insinuations that Perry
Metzger is really L. Detweiler. Isn't the world a funny place?

@_date: 1994-07-22 22:17:14
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
I think you missed one important condition:
  5.    Make it optional, with no strings attached. Furthermore, make the
        system designed so that the "default" option is no key escrow. In
        other words, the government would have to get permission for key
        escrow.
Condition 5 would of course not apply to government employees. Nor would it
apply to the office communication equipment inside the more "paranoid" business
associations. Of course, it would be the company, not government, who would
hold the keys, and of course the company should have the choice in deciding
whether key escrow is really necessary.
Of course, with this extra condition, key escrow seems fairly pointless. :-)
But I don't mind. It's not as if I'm exactly looking forward to it Down
Peter Murphy.

@_date: 1994-07-23 00:33:52
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: wanted SueDNym messages 
But what's this MEDUSA's TENTACLES program meant to be? An artificial
intelligence modelled on the personality of LD?

@_date: 1994-06-08 19:39:09
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Cyberspace is by nature crime-free 
Not really. No more so than other countries (like the U.S and Canada),
and a lot less than other countries (like Singapore). On the negative
side, the absence of a constitutional equivalent to the First amend-
ment does mean that speech is slightly more limited here, but not much.
One example is that the magazine "Who Weekly" was ordered to stop
distributing one of it's issues, as it identified on the front cover (with
photo attached) a person charged with murdering several backpackers. One other cloud on the horizon is that the Keating government may make
race-hate speech illegal. I doubt it will be tabled in anything other than
an emasculated format, and will be shredded to pieces in the Senate. It's
still a dubious precedent. :-<
However, there are a few positive aspects. The religious right are not as
numerous, and do not have as much political power. Our most notable fundamentalist, Reverend Fred Nile, is in the legislative council of N.S.W.,
but he is widely regarded as a loonie. Homosexuality is legal in every
state except Tasmania, and that will change soon :-) (although I do think
that the tactic of appealing to the UN Human Rights Commision to achieve this
is slightly shoddy.) We also permit hypodermic needle exchanges, and that
keeps the AIDS rate down. In short, in some ways we are as liber[al/tarian]
as the U.S., in other ways we aren't.
Unfortunately, legislation is always reformed on a piece meal basic. This
means that there is always a lot of miscellaneous obsolete legislation that no-one ever gets around to removing until something stupid happens as a result.
For example, one Tarot card reader in Ipswich (a satellite city of Brisbane)
did get charged with witchcraft by some undercover police. I think (and a
lot of other people would agree here) that this was a waste of police resources
that would be better served fighting real crime (i.e., murder, rape, theft,
etc.). I just hope the case gets thrown out of court.

@_date: 1994-06-11 19:45:12
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Protocol Wanted!! 
Commenting on Mike Duvos's original article:
Of the several problems stated above, I find the pricing protocol
the easiest to deal with. There are a few things that need to be
known. For example, what is the complexity of Bob's algorithm? Does
it do it in polynomial time or (even better) some variant of logarithmic
time? The cost should bear relation to this fact. The cost should also
be related to the number of bytes in the message. If Bob was canny
enough, he probably would set the price P (in $ or DM or Magic Money or
any other currency I'm grouping under the title "cypherbucks") to be:
where K (in bits) is the length of the key, L (in bytes) is the length of
the message, D (in cypherbucks/bytes) is the "decoding" cost, B (in
cypherbucks/bits) is the "factoring" cost for the key, and F is a function
from the set of cypherbucks amounts to itself that is proportional to
the complexity of Bob's algorithm. If the algorithm is logarithmic, F should
be logarithmic. If the algorithm takes O(n^2) time, F should be O(n^2); and
so on.
and of course others can make their own up. Of course, it is assumed that
Bob is operating as a monopoly, and can set whatever pricing policy he
pleases. For example, 20% discount for students and unemployed. He could
even barter for goods ("I'll decode this 100K message for one of your Cray computers.") If the monopoly disappears, the price would be driven
I hope this was of some help.

@_date: 1994-06-11 21:41:13
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Protocol Wanted!! 
Not quite. I thought that the price that Bob would set would be as
high as he could get away with, without alienating the clients. If
Alice sends Bob a message to be decrypted, and shells out $100,000,
then Bob (assuming he's honest) will decrypt it. It's too bad if it
turns out to be just a juicy love letter - Bob's purpose was there
to decrypt it, and not to work out the value to the customer. After
all, if it turns out that the file was actually a design to some
FTL vehicle, then setting a flat price in the negotiation phase
prevents Bob from going around and upping the price to $10,000,000.
I'm sorry - we seem to be thinking differently. The way I was thinking
was that Alice was actually giving Bob the message only, and that
Charlie (our suspected criminal) was smart enough to keep his public
key away from the office (or on a floppy disk). Of course, if Charlie
is stupid enough to leave his public key around, then Alice can send
only this key to Bob, and leave the 'naughty' message at the office.
Otherwise, Bob has only the ciphertext to go on - or possibly a bit
of plaintext, although Alice probably won't do that either.
But again, that's assuming that Alice does know what is in the
encrypted file. She (rightly) suspects that Charlie is giving stolen
goods away.... but she doesn't know that. See above. Anyway, Bob may
have other clients, and the time on his 486 is fairly precious.
Ooh.. this is a tough subject to police. It is possible that we have
a company rep (Denise - isn't alphabetical naming beautiful :-)) looking
over Bob's shoulders while he's doing his stuff, and checking that he's
not saving the information to a private file. Possibly, Bob would do the
encrypting in Denise's office. After all, he may have built in an option
that saves all information acquired to a "key ring". Denise does not want
him to do this, and makes sure that he only bring the executable file
with him. She also makes sure that no suspicious files are created .
Remember that Bob does not want to give the program to Denise - it contains
his secret special recipe for factorization, and doesn't want anyone else
to examine the program too closely.

@_date: 1994-03-15 18:44:52
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: IR Blocking. 
One idea that I thought about is to simply use frosted glass. The police/
they want it in a coherent pattern. Using frosted glass, the light is dispersed in (mostly) all directions. The spooks should then only be able
to percieve some fuzzy shapes. Oh, they'll be able to know if the lights
are on, but for all they know, you are just having a quiet game of bridge.
(I am not absolutely certain about the va .. veracity of this method, but I
gathered that if frosted glass disperses normal light, it should do the
same for IR. The range of refractive indices would be different, and that's
about it.) Any criticisms of this method would be appreciated. Peter Murphy.

@_date: 1994-05-05 17:11:11
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: DefenseServices 
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
Status: R
_______ MESSAGE BEGINS ___________
Jim Miller says:
This is sick. According to this, I cannot teach foreigners about
cryptography in the U.S. -- even about the open literature. This is a
grotesque denial of my first amendment rights.
I wonder if I should hold an open enrollment cryptography class for
the sake of civil disobediance.
______ MESSAGE ENDS _________________________________________
That's interesting..... My cryptology lecturer seems to have an American
Mid-West accent (not Canadian - I can generally tell), and seems to be
commiting the "heinous" crime of teaching such matters to mainly Australian
people. He seems to be on conference somewhere overseas. Well, I hope he
doesn't get arrested if he crosses any U.S. border posts. It would certainly
piss me off. (For one thing, it would fuck up my syllabus :-[.)
non-NAFTA nationals. All of the stuff is non-classified, and he seems pretty
aware of the legal issue of cryptology. That is, he wouldn't do anything
that he could be nabbed for (discounting any warped interprepation of the
legal statutes...;-(   .)

@_date: 1994-05-09 14:42:17
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: What's happened to the mail? 
Well, did anyone write "who cypherpunks" to Majordomo? I did. The number
of people it contained was about 10 (although it would probably be more
than that by now). My guess is that someone (possibly Jim Nalbadian (sic?))
was the culprit.
copy of the cypherpunks mailing list, so as to bring it back to its old

@_date: 1994-05-12 17:25:48
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: MIT TOC SEMINAR--ADI SHAMIR--MONDAY--MAY 16--4:15pm 
Well... maybe if it was one of those stereographic pictures, it would
be a little bit easier. You just have to get your eyes in focus (and
that's a bit hard for some people). Pling! You suddenly discover the
hidden message, like "HITLER IS ALIVE AND LIVING IN ARGENTINA!" or
some other related message. It's in 3-D, so the letters appear to be
5 mm tall! (Reminds me of when Jaws III was out at the cinema. :-))
Of course, you might have to print it out first. Sorry, just me being silly.

@_date: 1994-05-12 21:41:26
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: *Here they come 
Like Lefty, I found the bit about "DEATH TO STATISTS" a bit hard to
work out. For one thing, what do you define as "statist"? Does it
include minarchists in this definition. I also thought that statism and
PC were not synomynous. (Take Patrick Buchanan....)

@_date: 1994-05-19 23:56:35
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Sternlight "kill" file 
I was aware that David Sternlight had a dubious reputation among the
cypherpunks community, but uptil now I was never really sure why. Now
I know. Could anyone please tell me, for my benifit (and possibly for
other newbies' benefit) what other "escapedes" he has pulled in the
past that have been shonky. I would also like to know why he has an
instinctive dislike of PGP. (Much of it may have happened before my time.)

@_date: 1994-09-11 17:21:07
@_author: pkm at maths.uq.oz.au 
@_subject: Proposed changes to the Queensland criminal code. 
It seems the fight against evil never ends...
This is a clipping from the Sunday Mail, the local
sunday newspaper (althogh tabloid would be a better
word for it). As you can observe, it is one of those
papers that have a paragraph:sentence ratio of 1:1.
I hope it is of interest to you all. All spelling
mistakes are mine. All grammatical awkwardness are his. :-)
ONLINE MOVES 'OUT OF LINE'. [Date: 11/09/94 - PKM.]
(COMPUTERS with Peter Young) [Title of a regular column - PKM.]
Proposed changes to the Queensland Criminal Code to crack down on computer networks carrying information used for criminal acts are sparking an outcry.
The proposals have been denounced as unworkable by a number of
online information providers who claim their businesses will
become untenable if the changes are brought in.
As part of a sweeping overhaul of the State's criminal code, Attourney-General Wells plans to create two new offences falling
into the category of unlawful use of a computer.
They would make persons liable for up to 10 years for providing
information via computer networks which contributes to a crime.
One charge would relate to aiding the commission of a crime and
the other would deal with being an accessory before the fact.
Instructions on how to make bombs [like gunpowder? -PKM] or set
up a child pornography ring are the type of material the proposed
legislation wants to target.
The laws would apply equally to material downloaded from a local
electronic bulleting board system or that acquired by using a
commercial gateway to the international Internet system.
The legislation is intended to facilitate prosecution of people
who knowingly make such information available on their systems,
a spokesman for the Attorney-General said.
But Australian Internet service providers have condemned the proposals as impractical and unable to be policed and have called
for "common carrier" protection similar to that enjoyed by Telecom.
Ian Peter, founder of Queensland-headquartered Internet provider
Pegasus Networks, branded the proposed laws "unworkable", saying
that they were out of touch with overseas thinking on the problem
of balancing free speech against the need to control access to
unsuitable information.
Rhys Weatherley, president to the non-profit Internet access group
BrisNet [Brisbane Net, for the geopolitically deprived - PKM], said
the proposed laws would give police "licence to arrest" power over
any computer network operator merely because offending material was
available on their networks.
He said the legislation would make scapegoats out of honest network
operators while failing to catch real offenders.
BrisNet would be forced to shut down rather than run the risk of prosecution if the laws were adopted in their reputed form.
Hugh Irvine, a Melbourne businessman, whose company Connect.com.au
is a leading commercial gateway to the Internet, said he was happy
to co-operate with authorities to prevent hackers or child molesters
from using his service to pursue their practices.
However, he said that the planned Queensland legislation was equivalent
to charging Australia Post executives because criminals used the mail
to help plan a bank robbery.
"It is heading down the path of the wrong sort of State-run
surveillance and Connect.com.au would be unable to continue functioning as a business if laws in the proposed form become a reality,
he said.
Also wading into the fray is Electronic Frontiers Australia (EFA), a
public interest group set up to monitor threats to civil liberties in
EFA skokesman Garth Kidd labelled the Queensland proposals "a worrying development that would stifle the implementation of online
services in Australia".
brought to my attention by my father late last night. As a com-
puter professional with ~30 years experience, he was as disgusted
as I am with the proposals. He also understood quite clearly
how it was unworkable in practice. Some time this week, he will be
having a little chat on the subject with Wendy Edmonds, the local MLA
(Member of the [State] Legislature Assembly). It seems representative
cluelessness is the same the world over. :-<
Peter Murphy.
