
@_date: 2001-03-10 21:18:15
@_author: plad2ad at hotmail.com 
@_subject: The Easiest Way for Profitable HOME WORK!                                                                                                                   . -KMCA 
The Easiest Way for Profitable HOME WORK!
- I am contracted from home to simply place FREE classified advertising.
- I am paid $1+ PER Response to every ad that I place. - No one even has to purchase anything from the ads - just respond!
- No Sponsoring requirements
- Spillover is already happening
- unlimited $10 + $0.5 referral bonuses
- Only $49.95 to get started
- Real $2500-4000 per month
Email me for more information at: rw1vic at yahoo.com
or go to:
How does this work? There is an advertising firm who is hired by various
businesses to design & implement Ad campaigns. The easiest way for them to
do this is through profitable classified ads.
Each week as an Ad Placer you will be sent various ads to place for
different companies. Our only obligation is to place the ads. NO Selling of
any products and NO correspondence. All replies are sent directly to
advertising firm or their clients, you will NEVER have to handle any mail or
correspond with replies.
Just place the ads and get paid!
To make this even better, advertising firm is offering positions of Recruitment Supervisors to hire and manage homeworkers. I am a
professional Ad Placer as well as a Recruitment Supervisor. This is where a
lot of profit can be made because not only will you be paid $1 for every
response that will received from Your ads BUT also $0.5 for EVERY Response received from ads by
anyone that You and your 5 levels deep downline recruit to place ads from home!
IT's EASY! Just Place client's ads that will provided on the FREE Internet
Sites and/or in print. You are paid PER RESPONSE - no one
has to buy anything from the ads - just respond. NO CATCHES! Easy &
Profitable! Start TODAY!
Email me for more information at: rw1vic at yahoo.com
or go to:
Your earning potential is great! I know that you may have a lot of
questions so go to URLs
or feel free to email me rw1vic at yahoo.com with any questions or concerns
that you may have. I have nothing to hide and you have everything to gain!
Welcome to the profitable Ad Placement Program!
Further transmissions to you by the sender of this email may be stopped at no cost to you by sending a reply with the word REMOVE in the subject line.
