
@_date: 1992-12-04 09:43:36
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Weakness of the PGP scheme ? 
This is quite wrong. This only makes sense if RSA were inherently much
faster than IDEA. In fact, IDEA is orders of magnitude slower than
RSA; thats the whole reason that we use IDEA session keys encrypted
with RSA and not RSA itself to encrypt the message -- RSA is way too
slow. The result of this is that trying all possible IDEA keys
directly to break the cypher is far far faster than trying to encrypt
all possible IDEA keys with RSA. Now, since the security of IDEA
depends on it being secure from brute force attacks like trying all
possible IDEA keys and seeing which one produces a good message, the
result is that if IDEA is secure, PGP is certainly secure from the
attack you mention.
If the random number generator is good, then it should not be possible
to predict the next session key. If it is bad, all bets are off. I
would agree that questions of the quality of the RNG have been
inadequitely explored.

@_date: 1992-12-14 15:43:24
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: ps -laxww for randmoness? 
Its a rather bad source. Operations of a computer system are
suprisingly low on entropy. I'd guess that, if I needed to and had
enough resources, I could break such a generator without more than a
few months work, and even get the system to break it semi-automatic.
No one here seems to think in terms of cryptanalysis and how people do
it when they come up with their schemes.

@_date: 1992-12-16 11:16:00
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: tempest devices and use 
This particular bit of garbage is so malodorous that it can't be left
unchallenged. There are no rules saying that you can't shield your computer
equipment; in fact, there are FCC rules that say that you HAVE to shield
it, though you aren't required to do as well as tempest specs, which, to
my knowledge, are not even public knowledge.
Put up or shut up, Mr. "Treason". Give us one lick of evidence that you know
what you are talking about.

@_date: 1992-12-16 19:13:38
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: files 
Gee, who's the fool claiming that its illegal to RF shield your computer...

@_date: 1992-12-17 12:53:31
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: No Subject 
Close, but no cigar, Mr. "Treason". Anyone reading your "proof" can see
for themselves that there is no law making it illegal to shield your computers,
only some regulations on people that sell equipment to the government can't
tell other people what their specifications are. Big deal.
The line in the article saying           Without  the right to possess  TEMPEST ELINT
          equipment  manufacturers  who  wish to  sell  to  the public
          sector cannot determine what a  safe level of emanations is.
is mostly bull, in the sense that people can probably judge what is safe
without knowing the government standards. In any case, you have demonstrated
nothing making it illegal to shield your computers, and we've already seen
a post containing a dozen purveyors of shielding equipment. Repeating,
you don't know what you are talking about. Now go away.
Original message included for reference:

@_date: 1992-12-18 11:24:15
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Patent Infringement 
This is one of the sillier threads I've seen in a while. Is anyone here
arguing seriously that RFI shielding your equipment is a patented technology?

@_date: 1992-12-18 11:49:01
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: The Need for Positive Repuations 
Indeed, in the long run, when there are billions of people in the nets,
even UseNet newsgroups devoted to people who use musical instruments as
sex toys would have thousands of posts a day because given billions of
possible subscribers, finding a few tens of thousands with a particularly
obscure interest wouldn't be hard. Thus, in the long run, the nets will move
to "closed" newsgroups and mailing lists in which to be a subscriber one
will have to be explicitly subscribed to a list and will only be able to
read with one's private key and post by digitally signing messages. In such
an environment, anonymous abusers will simply be incapable of annoying people.
A weak version of this exists already in the Extropians mailing list, which
considers itself to be a closed list. The list is governed by a privately
produced legal code (its in some ways a test of anarchocapitalist legal theory),
and since the adoption of the code, we've had a reduction of flaming by
a large factor even though we've seen a three fold increase in list size.
The content is improving because people know that sanctions will be applied
for flaming and that they can actually be kicked off the list, and that being
kicked off is meaningful. In the long run, all serious discussion groups
will likely evolve in this direction, with the lists being closed to explicit
subscribers and with meaningful sanctions like ostracism being applied to people that behave in an antisocial manner. Such lists have little reason
to fear people hiding behind cloaks of anonymity. With digital signatures,
even the anonymous can develop meaningful reputations and can be sanctioned
for failing to live up to those reputations.

@_date: 1992-12-24 08:30:25
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Signing ascii text 
The notion was NOT that the text would be altered in transmition, but that
the signature would be computed on canonicalized text. No one was proposing
hacking tabs, only that a version of the text with hacked tabs be used
to compute the checksum as by hacking the tabs we will have an easy to
produce canonical format. The concern Eric presented was that this would allow
two files containing substantially different content from a computer's point
of view to MD5 the same, but he noted that this isn't a problem in
practice because humans don't get much information out of the presense of
multiple spaces versus one space.

@_date: 1992-11-01 13:03:32
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: PGP vs RSA 
PGP does use RSA. Obviously the "little reading" that you have done
has been little indeed.
There are dozens of RSA implementations available including PGP -- PGP
is, however, the only widely available one with its code in the public
domain.

@_date: 1992-11-09 15:09:26
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Analysis of cost to produce random serail generator. 
Remember also that a radioactive source thats decaying fast enough to
put out 20,000 bits a second the way the RBG1210 can isn't something
you want to stand near.
I don't get this -- why is cost four times parts? Is that including
Also, shouldn't it just be possible to buy a couple of components and
do as well as the Newbridge Micro unit? It would seem that we should
be able to build something a lot cheaper than $52 if all we need is a
noise source that will make a line go high or low on a clock input...

@_date: 1992-11-11 09:08:59
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Random number generators 
Just for the record...
As the data sheet makes clear, it most certainly DOES NOT use a
radioactive source. Its very hard to get 20kbits/sec of random numbers
reliably out of any radioactive source you are going to want to be
near, anyway. It operates off of thermal noise just like virtually
every other such device.
It should be possible to build a similar device out of ordinary
discrete components without overwhelming difficulty. The only problem
would be to make sure that the output was reliably random, and not
overly dependant on things like temperature.

@_date: 1992-11-12 08:38:19
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: My responses regarding random generator. 
I'd like to point out that higher data rates are very very desirable.
One would like to be able to cut a pair of CD's for use as one time
pads in a reasonable amount of time -- at 9600 baud its going to take
a LONG time to do. You can always run multiple units in parallel, but
its probably good to get the cost/bitrate ratio as low as possible.

@_date: 1992-11-13 08:03:32
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: DC 2600 mtg 
Pardon, but isn't 2600 magazine a magazine by crackers for crackers?
2600 is named after frequency of the disconnect tone used in blue
boxes, isn't it? What I'm afraid of is that I will get confused with
one of them -- I'm not sure they are necessarily being misrepresented.
The tragedies come when idiots raid Steve Jackson Games and sieze
copies of "Cyberpunk" instead of shutting down the infants breaking
into TRW. Blurring the distinction between hackers and crackers is the
last thing we need.

@_date: 1992-11-13 08:05:11
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: (fwd) A Silver Bullet to Limit Crypto? 
I don't see what the point of putting out mediocre things is at all,
given that good things exist. PGP is free software. You need a good
RSA implementation? There is one out there already. Why put out crap
when gold is available and cheap?

@_date: 1992-11-13 08:47:05
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Rander box and other stuff 
Why two serial connectors? RS232 is bidirectional, so you could send
control signals down the same pipe the output comes off of. Also, why
bother decoding the CRs? Seems like overkill. You could just have
CTS/RTS or other lines on the connector control whether bits are
clocked out or not.

@_date: 1992-11-13 08:47:10
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Rander box 
I strongly disagree -- you really want to be able to do as high a
bandwidth as possible. You might think we don't need one time pads
ever anymore, but they are still the one and only provably absolutely
secure method out there -- thus, sources of large numbers of random
bits are going to be of use.
Bad idea. If I hooked it up to my workstation, I'd end up spending
lots of CPU on the thing and possibly get nasty problems with buffers
filling. Not everything on earth is a PC that will ignore the
interrupts if the port isn't in use, you know.

@_date: 1992-11-16 11:26:52
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: The legality of PGP 
PGP is based on RSA cryptography, which is patented. The patent is
controlled by Public Key Partners, which has not granted a license for
people to use PGP. Therefore, using PGP is possibly a patent
violation, although thus far no action seems to have been taken by PKP
in this respect.

@_date: 1992-11-20 14:25:24
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: The legality of PGP 
Doubtful -- RSA tends to be licensed on a per application per copy
basis, not on a per human basis. If it was licensed on a per-human
basis, I would have bought a personal "unlimited use" license long

@_date: 1992-11-29 10:38:53
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: comments on Don's "Cypher Bank" 
Is anything preventing you from building seperate tools to do this?
PGP will happily put out your key into a file, from whence you can do
anything you like. Why add bloody postscript generation capability to
an encryption program, fercrissake.

@_date: 1992-11-29 11:07:39
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: the list 
"Premature" publicity? This list isn't exactly a private club -- I bet
the government folks know exactly what it is we are discussing and in
great detail. Posting something to a list like this means it isn't a
secret any longer. Not that we are much of a threat -- the average
subscriber here seems to have far more opinions than knowledge.
If you have something you want to see done, just go out and do it.
Don't form a committee to discuss the matter. Things that get
discussed on this list immediately enter my list of things I'm
unlikely to see anyone else build any time soon.
Sorry for lashing out, but the drivel is getting thick enough to cut
with a chainsaw. Repeating, if you want to do something, just go out
and do it, don't talk.

@_date: 1992-11-30 06:10:54
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: thoughts on digital cash 
Such accounts do not exist in Switzerland -- there is no such thing as
a Swiss account for which the bank does not possess information on who
the account holder is. Such things may have existed at one point --
but emphatically do not exist today. There are a few such things in
existance in odd corners of the world -- but they aren't well
The law is a slippery thing -- however, anonymous bank accounts, no
matter what you call them, are almost certainly illegal in the United
States. Most computer people don't seem to understand that the law is
interpreted not by a computer but by humans -- and they won't care
what "hacks" you use. If it smells like a bank, they will
likely convict you if it comes to that point.

@_date: 1992-11-30 11:49:21
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Secure key exchange 
Just to point out, though, this is not foolproof. A good impressionist
can fool people, especially if they are extremely skilled. A person
with Rich Little's or Peter Sellers' level of skill can sound
astonishingly like the original person (although a sound spectrograph
isn't fooled, other humans can be).

@_date: 1992-11-30 12:38:24
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: thoughts on digital cash 
I know securities law much better than commercial banking law -- I
can't quote commercial banking law or the UCC for the most part, so
I've got no idea precisely where in the codes such accounts are
prohibited.  However, I'm so certain that the law in the U.S. requires
that the bank have full information on the holders of all accounts
that I'm willing to bet $150 right now with anyone who believes
otherwise. The law not only requires that the bank know who you are,
but may even require that ID be presented when you open an account (I
know that this is now routine practice, although its possible that its
only implied from the standards used to determine non-compliance
rather than directly required by the law.) I don't have any incentive
to find the precise place in the books where it says you can't have an
anonymous account in the US, but for a few hundred bucks in easy money
I'd find it fairly quickly. If you don't believe me, well, have fun.
If you take deposits and allow people to write drafts against those
deposits you are going to fall under the commercial banking or
securities laws no matter what you do, Eric. I'm sorry that you don't
like this, but its the truth. The best you can hope for is to be
classified as a mutual fund or the like and not as a commercial bank

@_date: 1992-11-30 14:03:15
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: credibility and banking 
Not strictly speaking the case -- there were instances of bank runs
under free banking systems, but restriction clauses usually eliminated
these problems immediately. Restriction clauses permitted banks to
briefly suspend payments in gold, with a heavy interest penalty paid
by the bank. Such clauses allowed banks to stop runs, but they could
not be lightly used. In any case, runs were quite infrequent under
free banking systems.
In any case, I believe that digital banknote systems, when they
arrive, will almost certainly involve explicit issuance banks rather
than any sort of anonymous banks. Likely such banks will first appear
offshore and will, at least at first, be nothing more than banks that
accept cryptographically signed electronic mail in the stead of checks
and bank drafts.

@_date: 1992-11-30 18:39:37
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: thoughts on digital cash 
I'm sorry, but I can't be troubled to spend time looking for the
regulation otherwise. This is tantamount to asking me to bother
spending time looking up where in the law books precisely running red
lights is outlawed. I'm certain its illegal, but have very little
interest without a monetary incentive to go and look up precisely
where it says so -- I'd gain no interesting information personally.
I'd have to take time off of work and go to a law library to determine
precisely where in the mass of regulations and laws this particular
practice is prohibited. For $150, the hour or so of my time involved,
although not well compensated for, would at least be sufficiently
compensated for that I would bother.  Obviously, this is not evidence
of the truth, but as you have noted, it is evidence of a very strong
belief. If you have evidence to the contrary, here is your chance not
only to make $150 but to have me do all the work required for you to
get your $150.
You don't have to believe me if you don't want to.  As I've said, I
have very little incentive to track down the specific place that the
practice of permitting anonymous accounts is outlawed -- but I'm as
certain of it as I am that driving a car requires a license in all 50
states. If I asserted that fact, and you desired evidence, I would
have a similar lack of desire to go and look up where specifically in
the law books of all the states that driving without a license was
listed as a violation. Doing legal research of this kind is not
entirely unpleasant, but it is tedious and would put me out of my way,
little or no reward.

@_date: 1992-10-06 15:59:23
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Nuts & Acorns 
This is like asking "how do I get a bullet to stop in mid air and
launch itself back into the bullet casing in the breech of the gun".
You don't. Obviously, the only way to trust a key enough to certify it
is to actually get it in person and verify identity. This is often
impractical, but so what? If people want to communicate and the only
assurance your signature gives them is that you got a copy of the keys
by email, they might as well just email each other they keys and live
knowing that the messages they are sending are to possibly
non-securely identified people. Signed introduced keys should be
reserved for times when you can actually add real information by
claiming the key is really owned by the person who claims it.
This does mean that a lot of the time until people have built up
catenative assembleges of keys sufficent to form a "chain of trust"
for unknown people that they will simply have to do without
certification of the other person's identity. Isn't that the way life
usually is, though?

@_date: 1992-10-13 08:58:32
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Mr. Squirrel?  Just who is whom here? 
Anyone can include your key in a random message. If you just sign your
messages, then the whole thing goes away and everyone knows its from
you. PGP allows you to sign messages without encrypting them. The
problem is that most people find using PGP on routine email

@_date: 1992-10-13 13:25:13
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Mail headers 
One might have a good reason to follow most of PEMs formatting
standards and the like; I'd fully agree its foolish in the extreme to
do otherwise. However, some of us don't like PEMs hierarchical key
authentication concepts.

@_date: 1992-10-16 11:34:23
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Who uses ethernet (Mr Squirrel?) 
Old hat -- I still remember the days of yore (only about five years
ago, but it seems like an eternity) when I worked at bellcore and
Phil Karn revealed to me that his home network was on the internet.
All I've got from home is a wimpy little UUCP link to this very day.

@_date: 1992-10-19 17:08:26
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: one time pads. 
This seems equivalent to the old "dictionary" or "book" cyphers that
people sometimes used. Good cryptanalysts broke them routinely. I'll
leave it to your imagination how one might do it, but I'll just note
that if you picked a few arbitrary bytes, say bytes 30-40, of all the
CDs in the record store, you would find that those few bytes likely
distinguish all but prehaps a token number of CDs.

@_date: 1992-10-19 17:09:14
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: one time pads. 
Actually, in practice internal spies were almost never needed to break
book cyphers. They in fact provide only laughable security.
Traditional ones didn't even require that the cryptanalyst ever
determine what book was being used!

@_date: 1992-10-21 08:23:37
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: another service 
Haber isn't offering quite the service described -- he worked out a
much nicer notarization and time stamping protocol thats really neat.
Every day or two a critical number spat out from the service gets
published in the classifieds of the New York Times so people can
independantly verify that there is no cheating. By the way,
technically, the service doesn't do timestamping, just a verified
ordering of notarized documents. Unfortunately, there is no
mathematically provable way to know what time it is -- you must trust
someone on that.
Stu's a really nice guy -- maybe someone should encourage him to join
this list.

@_date: 1992-10-21 14:07:37
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: TEMPEST, Eavesdropping 
Consider that the international clearing and settlement systems for
interbank transactions process several TRILLION a day in electronic
transactions, and then consider what diverting just a tiny little bit
of that to yourself would be worth. Security in banks is ALREADY

@_date: 1992-10-22 13:35:59
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Keystone 
I would suggest that it be done during phase one. Spoofing attacks are
very important things to guard against, and thanks to PGP there is a
handy dandy set of code out there to steal from to provide for public
key based authentication of the link. Indeed, I would go further and
suggest that the protocol be designed so that it does not reveal the
entities forming the link to outsiders (unless one end should
intentionally advertise who it is, the assumption should be that both
ends know who the other end is a priori). There is also a very good
implementation of the IDEA cypher in PGP, which should run well as the
conventional cypher for the link (although I would suggest having the
protocol negotiate the cypher just in case IDEA gets replaced later
I am very interested in seeing such a protocol standardized because I
have another use for it -- secure telephones. Given modern DSPs to do
and cheap V.32bis modems, excellent secure voice communications are
feasable. The presense of code in the public domain to handle secure
encrypted links could be easily dropped right in to this application.
I agree that this should be a negotiated option in the protocol
(prehaps with some sort of test done at the beginning of the link for
line transparency), but I'm not sure it should be mandatory as that
eighth bit get significant at times.
Kermit is the obvious choice.

@_date: 1992-10-23 12:41:02
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Keystone 
Its not quite that simple. The amount of computing horsepower needed
to do a good digitized voice compression algorithm like CELP is way
beyond what a PC can do without a DSP. However, having most of the
link layer encryption stuff out of the way will make the rest of the
work much easier.

@_date: 1992-10-23 12:44:33
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: BBS E-mail policy 
Its so simple to just built fully digital systems that use real public
key encryption, I don't see why anyone would want to use something
like you are proposing. Your system would provide virtually no real
I really suggest that anyone who is serious about doing this stuff
read unabridged (hardcover only) version of "The Codebreakers" by
Kahn. He gets into lots of historical examples of how stupidly
designed cryptosystems have cost people their lives. Ususally, people
have very poor ideas of what is and isn't secure. I suggest that some
historical perspective may give people more respect for how hard it is
to do this stuff right.

@_date: 1992-10-23 12:46:25
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman 
PGP violates PKPs patents. Everyone is using it. I'm not encouraging
patent violations -- I'm just noting fact.

@_date: 1992-10-24 19:34:56
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: multiple message destinations 
Yes, that should work. PGP doesn't do it, but it would be
straightforward to change it so it could.

@_date: 1992-10-24 22:03:00
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: pgp key distribution 
I keep seeing people propose things like this, and I can't for the
life of me understand why. The only way to know for sure that
someone's key is theirs is a signature from a trusted introducer
anyway, so people can just ask each other in clear for public keys and
it doesn't do a lick of harm -- if they have a trusted signature, you
can use their key for communication and if they don't, you have to
find another way to verify the key.  People making lists of keys and
distributing them seems fairly useless to me. Can anyone tell me if I
am being really really thick here?

@_date: 1992-10-26 10:08:45
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Registering Keys... 
I find it repugnant that we've gone all the way over to the notion
that people must actively cooperate with their own enslavement. We'd
better start getting organized flames against this idea mobilized.
Denning is on the net -- anyone care to start flaming on sci.crypt?
Its likely the place that will get the most response in the general

@_date: 1992-10-26 14:09:43
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Alpha Particles and One Time Pads 
Consider that most people who want to use their random numbers for
cryptographic purposes don't want everyone in the free world able to
read them as they pass through the internet...
In anycase, there is a CALmos device out there that is fairly easy to
use and produces about 20kbits of good random data per second -- not
fast enough for many purposes, but far better than nothing. I suspect
there are other devices on the market, but I haven't researched it
carefully. I can get information on this particular device out to
anyone who is willing to design it into a simple to build RS232
interfaceable box to generate random bits.

@_date: 1992-10-27 09:08:54
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: D-H telnet protocol  *  Cheap secure phones 
Why should "hard" be that much more difficult? Looks like an extra few
days worth of work if you pull all the public key code from PGP.
Admittedly, this would be a big project if one couldn't steal existinc
dode, but remember, PGP is copyleft. This whole project is a humungous
patent violation anyway, so there is no good reason for not stealing
code from PGP. Phil's code is bloody good.
Anyway, the "easy" protection is probably the "hardest" part. Getting
the encrypted link and drivers running properly is the big deal --
thats the code that will take all the time. Its likely marginal cost
to design the protocol "right" from the beginning to make it easy to
plug in verification later, and being able to use existing public key
code to implement it likely removes most of the sting.
All you have to do in order to "fix" things is have both sides public
key encrypt their D-H exchanges, and suddenly, you have verification
of identity.
Ah, but if you want to add in a verification layer, you have to be
careful to make sure that you don't reveal too much information in
doing the verification.
Well aware of it; I've got sample source code for CELP and all the
rest.  However, having a standardized bunch of software for encrypting
the link will mean that I have that much less to worry about.

@_date: 1992-10-27 13:24:00
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: list status 
Hmm... Wonder who Mr. .gov and Mr. .mil are...
(1/2 :-)

@_date: 1992-10-27 17:23:08
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Threat to our privacy 
For Cypherpunks: A copy of mail I just sent to...
       libernet at dartmouth.edu, extropians at gnu.ai.mit.edu,
       prz at sage.cgd.ucar.edu, mike at eff.org, mkapor at eff.org
[This is being sent out to a wide audiance. If you receive this, its
because My friends, its rare of me to try to encourage panic. Occassionally,
however, by panicing early we can avert a disaster later on.
Risks, an internet mailing list, reported about a week ago on a
proposal by Dr. Dorothy Denning, one of the most prominent people in
the field of cryptography, that copies of all private encryption keys
associated with public key cryptographic systems be held, effectively
by the government, to permit them to read people's encrypted messages
to each other. Naturally, such invasions of privacy will only be
permitted "when a warrant is produced". It has been suggested that
this idea might be taken up by several government agencies for
Many have noted that the dawning of cheap and effective cryptographic
systems could spell the end of the ability of governments to invade
people's privacy. Unfortunately, it appears that the government and
its cronies have also realized this, and intend to take preemptive
action. Our notion of civil rights has decayed so far that it is now
considered a citizen's duty to not merely be quiet while he is
enslaved but to actively cooperate with his own enslavement. Not
merely must we put up with the indignity of the government being
granted the right to read our papers and communications to each other,
not merely has the FBI attempted to get legislation passed to make
phone companies give them easier access to tap phone lines under color
of "maintaining the current capability in the presense of new
technology", but now it is suggested that we ordinary citizens must
personally cooperate to make it easier for them to read our
communications. We will be branded criminals if we fail to cooperate,
presuming that ideas like this are enacted.
It is crucial that the fiends proposing this be convinced that
resistance will be too high to implement their plan. It is crucial
that before they can even propose legislation that the threat here be
brought to the attention of the news media. If the currently proposed
FBI legislation were passed, a dictatorial government would have all
the tools it would need to tap all the phones in the country -- the
only thing restraining that behavior would be a system of warrants
that could disappear with a mere change in attitude. If Denning's more
serious and sinister idea were proposed for future enactment as
legislation (this has not yet been proposed), it would become
impossible for individuals to take any action to protect their own
communications privacy from a dictatorial regime, even ignoring the
question of abuses that could occur right now. I'm convinced that the
only thing that prevented the FBI bill from passing this year was the
fact that media attention was brought to bear. Its important that this
new proposal be exposed to similar sunshine. Far be it for me to
suggest restraint of free speech, but I would like to see people
think of making such suggestions as having the social acceptability of
calling a black person "nigger".
Here, for reference, is a copy of an article Dr. Denning just posted
to sci.crypt on usenet.
I encourage people, rather than discussing this matter on libernet or
extropians, to discuss this on sci.crypt where the topic is just
Perry Metzger

@_date: 1992-10-27 22:34:58
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: D-H telnet protocol 
I'm not berating. I'm just suggesting.
I understand your reasoning about not wanting users to need to do any
administration, and I also understand your desire to do something good
for the crypto community. I will not argue that its a bad thing. The
only provisio I make is that it is SO easy to spoof exponential key
exchange that I'd argue that providing authentication is crucial if
people aren't going to be lulled into a false sense of security.

@_date: 1993-04-01 10:20:53
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: PHRACK: Article from PHRACK 42 on encryption 
Paul Robichaux says:
The flaws are big enough to drive a bakery truck through. Its trash.

@_date: 1993-04-07 11:22:45
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: PHRACK: Article from PHRACK 42 on encryption 
Douglas Mason says:
Because I lack an interest in doing so?
Anyway, there is no need, as the PGP manual is very good and actually
explains things properly. Lots of fine articles have already been
written on all sorts of cryptography subjects.
Why should I? The article WAS crap.
I'm an anarchist. You might as well say to an atheist "if you don't
like Catholicism, start a schism."

@_date: 1993-04-07 13:10:25
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: FLAME: Perry M. vs. taking action (was: Re: PHRACK...) 
Fen Labalme says:
This isn't appropriate to this list -- I'm replying in private mail.

@_date: 1993-04-08 16:18:45
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: FLAME: taking action 
This message isn't appropriate for cypherpunks, so I am replying in
private mail.
Pete Carpenter says:

@_date: 1993-04-12 12:24:30
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Modem encryption proposal 
Miron Cuperman says:
A good idea, but getting the protocol right is hard -- you don't want
to put any real overhead on the line, but you also want to do error
detection and resychronization so that your cypher will run properly.
Discussing a proposal for a line protocol that has these features
would, of course, be germane to the list.

@_date: 1993-02-05 10:53:24
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: `Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
Just as a point of information, you can compress voice into 4kbit/sec
without any real loss of quality.

@_date: 1993-02-05 18:57:18
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: CELP speech compression code at cygnus.com:/pub/celp.speech.tar.Z 
It occured to me that some people might not get the significance of all
this, so prehaps I ought to amplify. With the ability to compress speech down into the
same baud rate as, say, a V.32 modem, all one would have to do to have
perfectly secure voice communications is replace your phone with a
setup that took in your speech, digitized it, compressed it, encrypted
it, and sent it over the modem to the other side where this would be
inverted. Fast enough software compression of voice would mean any PC with a DSP card and a V.32 modem could become an unbreakable scrambler.
The chief problem is that the DSP needed to do decent compression is
very crunchy, and encryption also tends to be crunchy, so there aren't
typically enough cycles on your average PC. Of course, were someone to
commercially market a board that did all this in hardware...

@_date: 1993-02-09 11:39:59
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
I don't believe this. You can buy data feeds that give you instant market
data, rather than 15 minute delayed information. I've worked for
operations like Morgan Stanley's Analytic Proprietary Trading Group,
and although I've seen some neat tricks applied to market data, I've
never heard tell of Shannon developing any, nor is there any delay
in the data such groups use for trading.

@_date: 1993-02-18 13:42:33
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Trapdoors 
If you could actually build a 486 such that it was capable of this task,
you are a far better chip designer than any I know of. Not merely are
we to expect that the 486 is capable of recording anything, but we
are also to expect that its capable of solving a computationally
undecidable problem as well.

@_date: 1993-02-22 11:10:37
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Computer Virus Origins 
Brunner's novel explicitly mentions the notion of viruses as well as
tapeworms. Remember the "phages"? A phage is a virus.

@_date: 1993-02-23 10:39:34
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Rambo Lives 
I see statements like this over and over again and I can't help but believe
it is due to extremely widespread ignorance about PGP keys.
There is no need for widespread key distribution, folks. If you want
to communicate with someone, provided their key has been signed by
someone who's signature you trust, you can just ask them, in the clear,
to email you their key, and all should be just fine. Some people seem
to obsessively keep hundreds and thousands of keys around. Why? Whats
the point? You can always just get keys from people any time you like.
There is no problem.

@_date: 1993-02-25 09:26:03
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Internet is Not the Long Term Solution 
Alternet is part of the Internet. There is no central control on the
internet -- only on segments of it.
UUCP is even more anarchic...
The NSF NET has policy statements. There are no policies for the internet
and indeed given that the internet spans at least thirty or so national
jurisidictions and tens of thousands of different networks its impossible
to have one policy statment. The risk is that Al Gore and Company will
manage to ram through their goverment managed internet which would
put PSI and company out of business and which would permanently assure
that most traffic passes through zones with draconian policies.

@_date: 1993-01-11 22:44:03
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Politics of Rmailers 
Mr Rides;
Your rudeness is exceeded only by your apparent incapacity to read.
As has been stated, quite clearly, no one is doubting that such systems
exist. The "none exist" in the last paragraph refers to REASONS FOR THIS
PRACTICE, not to the number of sites practicing it.
As was said, the "From:" field satisfies the stated requirement without
the need for autosignatures. The notion of an automatic footer when automatic
headers exist already that satisfy the identification requirement is without

@_date: 1993-01-19 08:40:09
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: possible solution to the anonymous harrassment problem 
Any postman who can distinguish your plain white envelope at a distance
from the five thousand other plain white envelopes going into the mailbox
likely has sufficient psychic powers that he doesn't need to watch at all.
As for the compulsive payphone watchers, well, wear a disguise.

@_date: 1993-01-25 12:20:09
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: This list... 
Welcome to TCP/IP. You've told us what most of us already know. (By
the way, its the SMTP EXPN command, not the "sendmail" one, as
sendmail is just one MTA -- there are many other implementations). The
whole point of this list is to develop techniques to ensure privacy --
most of us understand that there isn't much right now.

@_date: 1993-01-25 14:17:36
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: This list... 
Prehaps that would be of value, but its best not to think of it as
worth too much. After all, the bad guys can likely just subscribe to
the list, and they could always just eavesdrop on the outgoing mail.
Fixing this "hole" is o.k. so long as no one believes that it has
actually added to security in any substantial way. Its best that no
false sense of security be engendered. Everyone should know and
understand that the structures as they exist are almost completely

@_date: 1993-01-26 09:01:32
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: This list... 
But eavesdropping on the mail coming out of toad.com would. In any case
I think I've made my point -- its fine to patch holes, so long as one
is aware that one hasn't given people a sense of false security in so doing.

@_date: 1993-01-26 10:12:27
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION 
One might, of course, validly ask what the potential penalty would be
for failing to divulge the key. Presumably, you would be held to be
in contempt of court and sent off to jail until you divulged the key -- but
at best you are likely to be locked up for a few months before the judge
gives up. Given that, one can make a decision on whether the data you had
encrypted is worth the loss of a few months of your life. (Remember,
by the way, that merely having been in contempt is not nearly the same
as having, say, a felony conviction on your record.)
So even if they might have an argument for why they should be able to order
you to give them a key, that doesn't mean that they have any real way to
get it -- you can still fail to hand it over if you are willing to pay the

@_date: 1993-01-26 11:25:54
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
Mr. Thug doesn't seem to understand the issue here.
Your fear should be that the NSA knows something about number theory we don't,
not that they possess a huge number of supercomputers. Consider that
we believe the factoring problem to be exponential in the number of digits.
That means that doubling the number of digits doesn't double the size of
the problem -- it makes it far, far, far worse. Indeed, I suspect that it could
be shown that using a key of only a few thousand digits, barring a change
in factoring algorithm there would be no way to factor the number in the
lifetime of the universe even were all the matter and energy in the universe
given over to the factoring problem. There are problems that are known to
be that size, by the way -- such as trying to do a complete search on the
game tree for chess.
So, if you are worried that the NSA might have 10,000 times the resources
you suspected, you can just add a few more digits on to your key and defeat
that possibility.
Myself, I always use a key thats as long as possible to be safe, but I think
that paranoia about their HARDWARE is wholely misplaced. The thing to
be paranoid about is that they know something about factoring algorithms that
we do not.

@_date: 1993-01-27 09:24:28
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Randomness 
The odds against a run of 500 1's is one in 2^500th, which is a number so
large I can't imagine a real random number source creating it in the lifetime
of our universe. Presumably, your problem is that your random number source
is crap.

@_date: 1993-01-30 17:40:46
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Radioactive sources 
Why not just go with the Newbridge Micro hardware RNG that we've
discussed several times in the past? Its only $50 for a 20kbit/sec
output rate.

@_date: 1993-03-01 11:44:50
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
I believe that Theodore is confusing the notion of tort and the notion of
Slander and Libel are torts, that is, they are civil matters. Prior restraint
of speech is brought up in the context of CRIMINAL acts. As an example,
obviously, if I promise you that what I am about to tell you is the
true formula for a drug who's design I am selling you and I lie, I
am liable under our contract. Also similarly, it is possible under various
legal arguments to consider slander to be a tort. However, it is something
different if the government claims that my saying "all green people should
be killed" is a crime. Now, on the issue of slander, the notion of anonymity
is largely unimportant. If I had walked into the middle of the street and
ranted for an hour saying that GM trucks are unsafe, that would be largely
ignored, as most anonymous denunciations likely are. The issue is if a
non-anonymous individual or entity with credibility, like NBC, says something
that is false.

@_date: 1993-03-01 14:06:12
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
I know what I would do: I'd rig the list so it only took PGP signed messages,
and then only from official subscribers. They could be anonymous, but
they'd have to be operating under "known" pseudonyms. This is a "closed"
list -- the Extropians list in principle works under much the same
mechanism, only without PGP. This being in place, people who had not joined
could not flood the list, and anyone flooding the list could be cut off.
Note that just because one is in favor of free speech does not mean that
one would necessarily permit arbitrary disruptions in one's living
room, and being the list "owner" I think John would be much within his
rights to stop non-communicative disruptive "noise" postings.
I think that instead you should have a less than optimistic view of the
quality of our current netnews software. The problem you list can
be fixed with public key cryptography and some intelligent changes.
For instance, there is an easy fix to the "idiots posting newgroups" messages
that I heard Nat Howard propose years ago -- use public key signatures
on newgroup messages, and each news administrator picks other administrators
he trusts in the same sort of "web of trust" notion that PGP has. If
the newgroup/delgroup message was posted by someone you trust you take
it, otherwise you reject it. Given that, you are practically done.
As another example, its easy to assure that moderated newsgroups are run
just by the moderator -- he public key signs instead of posting with
the "Authorized" header. Easy as pi.

@_date: 1993-03-01 14:27:15
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: anonymity + untraceable digital money = potential problems 
I see serious problems with allowing people to take drugs. They can
get addicted to them. Lets ban medicines.
I see serious problems with allowing people to own guns -- they might
commit crimes with them.
I see serious problems with allowing people to speak freely -- they might
blaspheme, or tell lies.
Mr Hetzel, I'm an anarchist. I have very little "faith" in human beings,
which means I don't trust big complicated structures run on the assumption
that human beings are inherently trustworthy -- like governments, for
example. I prefer systems that decentralize power and make it possible
for people to operate without the necessity to trust each other. Yes,
digital cash makes kidnapping easier. So, for that matter, do telephones
and cash itself -- had money never been invented, anonymous kidnapping
would have never been possible. However, the alternative to permitting
market structures to take care of problems in a competitive way is to
allow central structures in which we are asked to trust in the benificence
of government officials. I'm not the trusting type. If history has
had any lesson, it is that governments degenerate and are taken over
by evil men, over and over and over. The structures needed to stop
digital cash, anonymous postings, and the like would be so draconian as
to assure that should a dictator ever wish to sieze power the structures
needed to do so would be waiting for him. I'd prefer a system in which
he would have to build them from scratch, even if it means one or two
people can be blackmailed once in a while. Utopia isn't possible. I'd
prefer, therefore, to settle for the best we can do.
Today, I could send you an anonymous note threatening to poison your
dog if you don't leave $5000 in the poorbox at the corner church. What
can you do right now? Easy. Watch your dog. The police have a myriad
of techniques at their disposal. Their jobs have never been easy,
but they have to cope with anonymous messages and untraceable cash
thefts right now. To eliminate the capacity to use digital cash means
to require monitoring of all speech and ban most international traffic,
to prohibit strong cryptography and require key registration. Even then
I'm not convinced that it would work because people would still try to
avoid these restrictions.
All technologies are fraught with dangers. All of them. The knife you
use to slice your bread can be used to kill your wife. Shall we dispense
with knives? Shall we pretend that we can unlearn what we know? A bright
10 year old with a computer can produce a cypher machine. Shall we
lobotomize all ten year olds and destroy all the computers? You CANT put
some djinni back in the bottle after you've rubbed the first time. We
can't stop people from knowing things. At least the well meaning fools
who advocate gun control have the fact that good machine shops aren't
in practically every home on their side -- telephones, modems and computers
are becoming ubiquitous, however, and they are all capable of aiding
and abbetting in the criminal techniques you mention. Welcome to the world.
Perry Metzger

@_date: 1993-03-01 15:21:51
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
I doubt it. As people get more and more used to the capacity to do
such things, its likely that such anonymous accounts will be more and
more untrusted.

@_date: 1993-03-02 02:46:22
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: she's at it again :-) 
Ugh. File under "Abeit Macht Frei" along with slogans like
"Freedom is Slavery".

@_date: 1993-03-02 12:58:54
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
Of course there are ways -- and they need not be so drastic. You could,
for instance, simply prevent non-subscribers from posting to your list,
and use public key to verify identities. This would allow you to swiftly
stop abuse. I've already noted this twice. You've claimed this is impractical,
but the tools to do this, AND WITHOUT PATENT PROBLEMS, already exist and
would be cheap to implement.

@_date: 1993-03-02 12:59:20
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Oh, come ON. This is insane, Ted, and you know it. Project Athena didn't
take ten years. RSAREF is out there -- someone could build a version of
news that used public key for verifying moderation on newsgroups and
control messages within a month if they felt like it -- and working part
time, too. As for the rest, well, it shouldn't be too hard. For
unmoderated lists, keep sets of users you want to read the messages of
and verify signatures if forgery starts becoming a problem. Crude but it would work.
Well, the folks running B News and C News will have to live without
the public key extensions, and it will be their fault. The people with
the public key extensions will have the benefits. Is it your argument that
because some men are fools all must suffer, Ted? Lets say that tommorrow
someone made available, for free, pills that cured all disease. Are we
to say "no, thats bad, some idiots won't take them?"
Yeah, well, so what? Right now people post such things non-anonymously, or
could forge such postings. People put out infinte supplies of garbage. I'd
argue that the average church causes more damage than all the anonymous
posters on Usenet ever could and those are perfectly legal. You aren't
arguing for non-anonymity. You are arguing that free speech is bad. Well,
fine. See if you can stop it, Ted -- the rest of us aren't playing along
with that game. Given that you have no choice but to accept reality, why
not quit bitching and just work on fixing the problem?
The Extropians list works on a closed subscription system today, folks. Its
crude -- no public keys involved, subscription checking done very ad hoc --
but it works. People ARE out there fixing these problems. If someone really
thinks anonymity is going to be a problem, they can fix it, and it won't
take ten years -- a couple of months of evenings would likely allow
for overkill.
That isn't even an issue here, Ted. Anonymity exists whether we want it
or not -- its like asking if gravity is a good idea. The anarchy issue
is not part of this. Even you would have to recognise that its impossible
even with a society as closed as the Soviet Union to stop anonymity, let
alone in a society as free as ours. The choices are to live with it and
find ways to cope or to try for draconian measures. One is practical -- the
other is impractical and harmful in and of itself.

@_date: 1993-03-02 19:41:35
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Of course I accept that they exist. However, I believe the benefits
outweigh the problems, and in any case it matters little what we think
since we cannot reasonably stop such systems from arising.
I don't believe I called you a Nazi. I also believe you took my quote out
of context.

@_date: 1993-03-02 19:46:10
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
I don't have time Ted, I have really busy schedule. But, this is the
thumbnail of what you want.
1. Build a decent tool to handle the public key sigs on news format
message files and tell you if the file sender corresponds with
the signature -- a variant on RIPEM (more like a half hour hack) should
be able to do this.
2. Change the shell scripts handling incoming control messages inside
the news software to check signatures against a trusted list.
3. Set some scripts handling incoming moderated newsgroups that check
the signature against a trusted list.
4. Build a tool that checks that incoming signed messages correspond
with signatures stored in the signature database for the site, and
somehow flag non-authenticated or otherwise bogus signed messages.
Add a header line to give out this info so rn and other newsreaders can
nuke non-authenticated messages or what have you.
Sounds like this begins to give you a large fraction of what you want
without changing too much, and I bet its a few days of hacking. Its
primitive, but it seems like the right thing for a start and you can
take it from there. I specify keeping signatures on your news server and
checking them there to keep users from needing special new newsreaders and
to keep them from needing to run the signature code over and over again;
presumably they can trust their sysadmin and if they cant they can
get new tools so they don't have to.
As I've said, I don't have time myself, but the above is really easy for
someone with a good knowledge of C News, RIPEM and the like. The hardest
part is handling a key database and doing key management since RIPEM has
no such provisions, but you can likely fix that. Then there is the issue
of getting RSA to permit your hacks to RIPEM to get out, which I suspect
they would. Okay, maybe not a few days, but certainly not much of a challenge
here and you have the start of the system we were talking about. Among
other things, it fixes forged control messages (presumably you
would leave cancel messages alone, but it could let you authenticate
newgroup and delgroups, which is a big problem), forged moderated messages,
and give you the start of what you would need to start ignoring unsigned
messages or messages from users you don't like on newsgroups. The
stuff for non-moderated newsgroups would be primitive, but it would be
a start and would let users have the option of deciding what they want
to do with non-authenticated messages.

@_date: 1993-03-03 07:58:07
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
Yes they are, Ted. They are mathematically equivalent. If I can say
anything, I can say it in code. If I can say anything, I can repeat what
someone else said in code, possibly transforming it. Ta Da, remailers.
To stop remailers, you will need to stop free speech. Please at least
admit this much. It might be unpleasant, but in a society with no
prior restraints on speech it is likely not possible to stop cryptographic
systems to assure anonymity.

@_date: 1993-09-29 10:36:30
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
Mike Godwin says:
How does the statute define "wire" communication?

@_date: 1993-09-29 11:36:50
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: soda.berkeley.edu 
Hi folks.
I just tried doing an anonymous ftp to soda.berkeley.edu and it
failed. Has something happened?

@_date: 1993-09-29 14:01:52
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Sun Secure RPC 
So if Sun Secure RPC has been cracked this wide open, why hasn't sun
taken any action? Indeed, why hadn't I heard before? I would have
expected this paper (which I am now reading) to have been disseminated
far and wide...
