
@_date: 2000-11-27 10:45:44
@_author: Patricia Mohr 
@_subject: Cato study: U.S. government leaves public unprepared for terrorism 
Cato Institute News Release
November 27, 2000
U.S. Government Leaves Public Unprepared For Terrorism
Preparation for nuclear, biological and chemical attacks is deeply flawed,
study says
WASHINGTON -- Many experts agree that the United States is likely to
experience a terrorist attack using a weapon of mass destruction, probably
within the next decade. But how prepared is America for a nuclear,
biological or chemical (NBC) attack on the homeland? Not very, according to
a new study from the Cato Institute. Despite spending tens of billions of
dollars annually on preparation programs, the federal government has failed
to take advantage of existing emergency management structures and to educate
the public about how to react to an attack, argues Eric. R. Taylor, a
chemistry professor and former officer in the Nuclear, Biological and
Chemical branch of the U.S. Army.
In "Are We Prepared for Terrorism Using Weapons of Mass Destruction?" Taylor
exposes the flaws in the federal Domestic Preparedness Program (DPP), which
was set up in 1997 and directs various federal agencies to train state and
local governments to deal with NBC terrorism. When the federal government
decided who should be trained, it targeted only cities, and then only
halfway, leaving "personnel in more than 50 percent of the major U.S.
population centers ... unprepared for such an attack," he says. But since
NBC contamination spreads quickly, it's not just cities that need to know
how to respond, Taylor argues.
State and regional structures such as the State Emergency Management
Agencies and National Guard units have been largely bypassed by the DPP,
Taylor says. Those agencies already have experience in coordinating
responses to terrorism and hazardous material disasters. Furthermore, they
could have been passing on acquired knowledge to subordinate groups while
the federal government moved on to other states, Taylor argues. The "pyramid
effect" has been reduced by focusing on cities in isolation, he says.
Even if the training programs were better targeted, Taylor argues, they are
useless without public involvement. "The lack of any organized program to
actively educate the public in matters of NBC awareness and preparedness is
the Achilles' heel of the entire national plan," he writes. Without
education, the government "will have two foes to combat during an attack:
the NBC agent and rampant civil panic," he says.
"The concepts and principles of NBC taught to the private first class
soldier can be understood by Mr. and Mrs. John Q. Public," Taylor says. But
they must be taught in advance. "Any official who thinks he can adequately
inform the public during an NBC incident will be preaching to the morgue,"
he says.
Policy Analysis no. 387 (
Contact:	Eric R. Taylor, associate professor of chemistry, University of
Louisiana, 337-482-6738
Ivan Eland, director of defense policy studies, 202-218-4630
The Cato Institute is a nonpartisan public policy research foundation
dedicated to broadening policy debate consistent with the traditional
American principles of individual liberty, limited government, free markets,
and peace.

@_date: 2000-09-28 09:20:45
@_author: Patricia Mohr 
@_subject: New Cato study on the Biological Weapons Convention  
Cato Institute News Release
September 28, 2000
Enforcement Of Biological Weapons Convention Would Be Unconstitutional
Protocol would violate Fourth, Fifth Amendments and appointments clause
WASHINGTON -- One unfinished piece of business on President Clinton's agenda
is the development of a new "enforcement protocol" for the Biological
Weapons Convention (BWC), the 1972 treaty that bars signatories from
producing or using lethal biological agents. But whether the president
submits the protocol to the Senate for ratification or leaves the task to
his successor, enforcing the BWC is so fraught with constitutional problems
as to render the effort futile, according to a new Cato Institute study
released today.
In "Constitutional Problems with Enforcing the Biological Weapons
Convention," Ronald D. Rotunda, visiting senior fellow in constitutional
studies at the Cato Institute, notes that while the United States should
continue to renounce the use of biological weapons, "the protocol will
undermine the privacy rights that U.S. citizens expect and that the Fourth
Amendment guards, will interfere with the safeguards that the appointments
clause was designed to guarantee, and will compromise the intellectual
property rights that the Fifth Amendment protects."
Instead of allowing foreign inspectors access only to public property, the
enforcement protocol would expand access to allow searches of private
individuals and companies "without the strict protections of the Fourth
Amendment and its requirement that a search warrant be issued by a neutral
magistrate only after a finding of probable cause," says Rotunda. "The
protocol's search of private property must be unusually thorough to have any
chance of working effectively, but such invasive searches create a greater
risk of a violation."
The Constitution invests the executive branch of government with the power
to appoint all "officers of the United States."  International inspectors
under the BWC protocol "would have police power over private parties but . .
. would not be subject to appointment and removal by any U.S. official in
the normal manner," Rotunda says.  "The Supreme Court has made clear that
the framers created and limited the appointment power to 'ensure that those
who wielded it were accountable to political force and the will of the
people.'"  BWC inspectors would have no such accountability.
Finally, because the BWC protocol would give international inspectors access
to private companies on the cutting edge of technology, "intrusive
inspections create a serious risk of industrial espionage by foreign
inspectors -- many of whom come from nations that often do not respect
intellectual property rights," says Rotunda.  Companies that have their
trade secrets stolen would face difficulty in getting compensation
guaranteed by the Fifth Amendment, as inspectors may be outside the
jurisdiction of U.S. courts by the time the theft is discovered or may have
diplomatic immunity.
Foreign Policy Briefing no. 61
Contact:	Ronald D. Rotunda, visiting senior fellow in constitutional
studies, 202-218-4600
The Cato Institute is a nonpartisan public policy research foundation
dedicated to broadening policy debate consistent with the traditional
American principles of individual liberty, limited government, free markets,
and peace.
