
@_date: 2011-04-11 21:29:28
@_author: Poor Richard 
@_subject: Conference: A Review of Censorship Circumvention Tools 
*This event will be webcast. See the link at the bottom to rsvp for the webcast info.*-- PR
Leaping over the Firewall: A Review of Censorship Circumvention Tools
Time: Tuesday, April 12, 2011, 12:00pm- 2:00pm
Location: Freedom House
1301 Connecticut Ave., NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC, USA 20036
Lunch will be provided
As the recent shift in political landscape within the Middle East has shown, the Internet is increasingly influencing the way that citizens around the world gather and distribute information. While these changes occur, it is vital that people are aware of how to protect themselves online and how to access information, news, and facts, when the Internet is censored.
While there are sites that recognize the effectiveness of circumvention tools, there are none that assess the effectiveness of circumvention tools systematically. Freedom House has used its expertise and relationships with leading academic experts on information technology security, censorship, and software development to conduct a systematic assessment of how censorship circumvention tools perform in practice inside the countries they are designed to serve.
Freedom House's Internet Freedom Project Director, Robert Guerra, will join major report contributors Cormac Callanan, director of Ireland-based Aconite Internet Solutions with experience in international computer networks and cybercrime, and Hein Dries-Ziekenheimer, the CEO of VIGILO consult, a Netherlands based consultancy specializing in Internet enforcement, cybercrime, and IT law, to discuss the findings of the report and its implications in the world of Internet privacy and censorship circumvention.
The event will be broadcast live over the Internet. A link to the broadcast will be sent out prior to the beginning of the event.
Details here :

@_date: 2012-06-13 16:55:40
@_author: Poor Richard 
@_subject: PeerPoint 
With all due respect, Patrick and others turned this thread in an off-topic direction. Getting back to the original topic, I would like to know if there is (or is not) still any interest in this group in discussing p2p application architecture.
Either way, I encourage all Next Net group members to discuss and to mention in your blogs, presentations, training, etc. the difference between real p2p application software (still fairly uncommon and under-developed) and the useful but corporate-controlled client-server applications like Google Docs and Google Groups. Most open source/free software also still uses a client-server architecture. Until end-users learn the difference between client-server and p2p software architecture it will be hard to pull the software designers and developers further in the p2p direction.
"Peer-to-peer (abbreviated to P2P) refers to a computer network in which each computer in the network can act as a client or server for the other computers in the network, allowing shared access to files and peripherals *without the need for a central server* [emphasis added]." (Wikipedia)  What is less often understood is that the individual applications (such as email or shared document editing) must also have the p2p architecture built into each one. So far that is seldom the case. Somehow we must create greater awareness to drive greater demand for these kinds of p2p software BTW as far as I can tell, there is no online forum dedicated to the general topic of p2p application software architecture for free/open source software designers, developers, engineers, etc. Discussions of p2p architecture tend to be found mostly in the discussions of specific p2p networking projects like freenet and FreedomBox and they tend to apply to the lower-level network routing and file-sharing issues instead of the higher application software level for real-time, interactive collaboration. If anyone knows of a general p2p *application* architecture group or forum, please let me know.
Thanks, PR

@_date: 2012-06-17 21:48:19
@_author: Poor Richard 
@_subject: PeerPoint 
Hi Isaac.
I've just subscribed to the p2p-hackers list and I'm reaching out to all the other groups and projects that have been mentioned. I've also been invited to post the PeerPoint proposal on the P2P Foundation Blog.
The idea is to invite a wider community to crowdsource further evolution of the specs. I added an intro to the specs that I and others can easily email with the link to the full doc:
Greets, p2p peeps!
 I am not actually trying to start another development project. PeerPoint is an open, high-level functional specification for where I think all the open p2p projects are eventually heading as a group. I want to get as many of those current projects as I can to participate in evolving the PeerPoint spec further and adding increasing levels of detail that are beyond my competence. Any suggestions?

@_date: 2012-06-23 03:54:47
@_author: Poor Richard 
@_subject: PeerPoint Discussion - please don't use for other topics 
I'm disappointed but not surprised that the PeerPoint project is viewed with scorn by old-guard digital libertarians and anarchists. I am accused of being naive--they've seen everything and done everything and they have a superior, smug outlook. They argue that what works is more of what they are accustomed to.
But it is exactly that approach that resulted in the present state of affairs in which the internet is colonized and dominated by large corporate Anarchists and libertarians are the unwitting pawns of the powerful actors they mean to resist.
I've been around IT since long before the internet, since it was called data processing. Since before email and electronic bulletin boards and USENET. And I've been involved in every aspect of it since we operated mainframes with teletype terminals and punched tape right through until today. I was old guard once, very old guard. I've also been a political, social, and environmental activist since the sixties, witnessing the horrifying failure of almost all our movements from the inside.
But recently I woke up to the fact that it was on our watch--MY watch--that the world went to hell in a handbasket. My confederates and I all screwed up. We all get a big-assed Einstein's definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. By that definition anybody who thinks that libertarian and anarchist business-as-usual is going to pull us through the crises and threats we now face is not just naive--they are burried inside a mystery wrapped in a conundrum, locked within an enigma. They are lost in The threats to privacy, liberty, democracy, and equality have steadily grown despite all our BRILLIANT efforts up to now, so only a new strategy can be expected to reverse that trend.
That strategy is not a continued, exclusive reliance on slef-organizing, emergent systems. That by itself has not worked. We need to try something else. That something else might even be something that was tried in the past and discredited because it was impractical then. It might be large-scale collective organization and design.
In the past large-scale collective design failed because it was forced to adopt centralized, top-down planning and organization. Now we can do it in a much more distributed, horizontal, and agile manner.
It failed because it adopted organizational structures and created designs that were monolithic. Now we can do organizations and designs that are modular and composable. *Wikipedia: Composability*  is a system design  principle that deals with the inter-relationships of components. A highly composable system provides recombinant components that can be selected and assembled in various combinations to satisfy specific user requirements. In information systems, the essential features that make a component composable are that it be:
   - self-contained (modular):    it can be deployed independently - note that it may cooperate with other    components, but dependent components are replaceable
   - stateless : it treats    each request as an independent transaction, unrelated to any previous    request. *Stateless* is just one technique; *managed state* and *
   transactional* systems can also be composable, but with greater    difficulty.
Finally, many past revolutions have failed or succeeded upon their access to technology. Somehow ignoring the story of "guns, germs, and steel" the old guard now wants to say that revolutions are not about tools or technology, they are just about people and social relations. They pontificate that technology doesn't make revolutions, people make revolutions. Tell that to an Afghan tribesman and see if he will discard his AK-47 or his satellite phone.
As I wrote in PeerPoint, I thought quite plainly and clearly, PeerPoint is a non-violent weapon of revolution.
Let those who don't think we need a revolution shut the hell up and get out of the way.
Poor Richard

@_date: 2012-06-29 20:07:33
@_author: Poor Richard 
@_subject: FreedomBox - reports of its death greatly exaggerated? 
Wired: Good News For Spies and Dictators: bFreedomBoxb Is in Danger of an Early Death
