
@_date: 1994-08-10 12:11:54
@_author: prig0011 at gold.tc.umn.edu 
@_subject: e$ 
According to legend, Duncan Frissell said:
The last US Bearer Bond issues mature in 1997. I also believe that to
collect interest, and to redeem the bond at maturity, you must give your
name and tax-id number to the paying agent. (I can check with the
department here that handles it if anyone is interested in the pertinent
OCC regs that apply)

@_date: 1994-10-01 02:43:33
@_author: prig0011 at gold.tc.umn.edu 
@_subject: New T-Shirt Offer 
Well, summers gone, fall is here, and I'm sufficiently caught up with all
my projects to go ahead with A New Cypherpunks t-shirt offer!
The shirt:
Printed in white, on a heavyweight black t-shirt.
              CYPHERPUNKS
     Putting the NSA out of business
Back: (with permission from TC May)
             Crypto Anarchy
       encryption, digital money,   anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms,
      zero knowledge, reputations,    information markets, black markets,         collapse of governments.
(I'll post gifs of the front and back as soon as I can convert the files to Whats the deal?
Cost of the shirts are US $12 each (plus $2 for postage). This offer runs for 3 weeks (until October 21st). I'll be taking orders until then, and expect to start shipping approximately 1 to 2 weeks later. I expect to have all shirts in the mail no later than November 15th, just in time for Christmas :)
Where can I get one?
Send a Check or Money Order (no cash, please) to:
Kevin Prigge
3638 19th Ave So
Minneapolis, MN 55407
Please specify what size shirt you want (S, M, L, XL, or XXL).
Any questions can be sent to prig0011 at gold.tc.umn.edu
Any flames can be directed to /dev/null

@_date: 1994-10-05 21:43:03
@_author: prig0011 at gold.tc.umn.edu 
@_subject: IRC Encryption 
There was a thread a while back about encrypted conversations on channel  on irc. I came across the software I believe they are using. Its a package called Circ, and it is available from archives of comp.sources.misc volume 38 issue 10. It is interesting in that it uses
RSA for key exchange, and triple DES for the encryption. The Circ package
includes an earlier implementation "socks" which is a stand alone encrypted irc client. I think this is what they use on  This is an interesting tool for a couple of reasons. irc can be as anonymous as you want to make it. There are ways of hiding what site you're coming from, your real username, you can change your nick often as you want, and it's got a high enough usage that you can lose yourself in a crowd.
It supports background file transfers. You can create a channel and lock it to uninvited people. It is supported pretty much net-wide, if you can telnet, you can irc. Interesting stuff, and I'll be playing more with it in the near future.
BTW: my nick is cryptical on irc. :)
