
@_date: 2007-12-10 11:12:45
@_author: privacy at vortex.com 
@_subject: [ PRIVACY Forum ]  http: Must Die! (and The Encryption   
Reply-To: PRIVACY Forum Digest mailing list               http: Must Die! (and The Encryption Solution)
                      It's been fun http:, but a man's gotta move on and there's no
        place for you on the back of my bike anymore.  You were fun
        once but you're a drag now, and I just can't trust you
        anymore.  It's not your fault but that's the way it is.
        Sorry, kid.  Hey, https:!  C'mon over here!
Greetings.  Sometimes you just have to bite the bullet when it comes
to significant technological changes, and I believe that such a time
has come for the basic http: unencrypted Web protocol.
When we first started discussing Network Neutrality some years ago,
we mostly talked in terms of trying to make sure that data streams
would be handled in a fair and nondiscriminatory manner.  Then with
the Comcast BitTorrent case, it became clearer that it was
appropriate to worry about whether underlying protocols might be
manipulated by ISPs, resulting in delays or outright blocking.
But now it's increasingly obvious that we're dealing with a
triple-whammy, with ISPs apparently gearing up to treat our data
like a 1960s draft board physical.  That is (to quote Arlo Guthrie's
"Alice's Restaurant"): "... injected, inspected, detected,
infected, neglected and selected."
More specifically, as noted in "Google Hijacked -- Major ISP to
Intercept and Modify Web Pages"
(  )
and "ISPs Spying On and Modifying Web Traffic"
(  ), ISPs are
increasingly taking the stance that our data is subject to ISP-based
manipulation of all sorts.
We're not talking about just traffic shaping -- though that's
problematic enough in many cases.  We're now looking at outright
alteration of traffic contents -- the very payload of our Internet
ISPs have argued that such techniques allow for transparent removal
of viruses, pop-ups, and so on.  But now, feeling empowered by the
capabilities of new TCP/IP mangling machines, the situation seems
poised for consumers and businesses -- except perhaps those able to
pay significant premiums -- to be relegated to serf (no pun
intended) status in the ISP kingdoms.
While public policy and legislative changes may eventually address
some of these issues, there's something that we can do *right now*
to start assuring that we can control our own Internet communications.
That first, key action is to begin phasing out, as rapidly as
possible and in as many application contexts as practicable, the use
of unencrypted http: Web communications, and move rapidly to the
*routine* use of SSL/https: whenever possible.
This is of course but an initial step in a rather long path toward
pervasive Internet encryption, but it would be an immensely
important one.
SSL is not a total panacea by any means.  In the absence of
prearranged user security certificates, SSL is still vulnerable to
man-in-the-middle attacks, but any entity attempting to exploit that
approach would likely find themselves in significant legal
difficulty in short order.
Also, while SSL/https: would normally deprive ISPs (or other
intermediaries along the communications path) of the ability to
observe or modify data traffic contents, various transactional
information, such as which Web sites subscribers were visiting,
would still be available to ISPs (at least in the absence of
encrypted proxy systems).
Another potential issue is the additional computational cost
associated with setting up and maintaining SSL communication paths,
which could become significant for busy server sites.  However,
thanks to system speed improvements and a choice of encryption
algorithms, the additional overhead, while not trivial, is likely to
at least be manageable.
The associated security and privacy benefits make this transition
essentially a no-brainer from a cost/benefit standpoint -- at least
if we're really concerned about maintaining the integrity of the
carefully crafted Web experience that we present to users.
We've gotten a good run from http:, but all good things come to an
end.  A graceful retirement for virtually all unencrypted Web
communications, and a brisk move to routine SSL/https: use, are both
honorable and justified -- and practical now.
Let's ride.
Lauren Weinstein
lauren at vortex.com or lauren at pfir.org
Tel: +1 (818) 225-2800
Co-Founder, PFIR
    - People For Internet Responsibility - Co-Founder, NNSquad
    - Network Neutrality Squad - Founder, PRIVACY Forum - Member, ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy
Lauren's Blog: privacy mailing list

@_date: 2007-12-11 03:49:52
@_author: privacy at vortex.com 
@_subject: [ PRIVACY Forum ] Toward Pervasive Internet Encryption:   
Unshackling the Self-Signed Certificate
Reply-To: PRIVACY Forum Digest mailing list   Toward Pervasive Internet Encryption: Unshackling the Self-Signed                  Greetings.  In "http: Must Die! (and The Encryption Solution)"
(  ), I suggested an
accelerated move toward the routine use of encrypted TLS/https:
instead of unencrypted http: for Web communications.
An issue that cannot be ignored in this regard is the cost and
logistics of server security certificates that are natively
recognized by popular Web browsers.
Certificates are required to enable TLS encryption in these
environments, of course.  And while the marketplace for commercial
certs is far more competitive now than it was just a few years ago,
the cost and hassle factors associated with their purchase and
renewal are very relevant, especially for larger sites with many
operational server names and systems.
What isn't widely understood outside of the technical community is
that "self-signed" certificates, which can be generated for free by
anyone (and with essentially arbitrary expiration dates) can enable
these cryptographic systems in a manner very similar to commercial
certs.  What self-signed certs typically won't provide is the same
"web of trust" confirmation (via a widely recognized certificate
authority) for the *identity* of a given site.
However, in a vast number of applications where absolute identity
confirmation is not required (particularly when commerce is not
involved), self-signed certificates are quite adequate.
Why then are self-signed certs primarily employed within
organizations, but comparatively rarely for servers used by the
public at large, even where identity confirmation is not a major
The primary reason is that most Web browsers will present a rather
alarming and somewhat confusing (for the typical user) alert as part
of a self-signed certificate acceptance query dialogue.  This tends
to scare off many people unnecessarily, and makes self-signed
certificate use in public contexts significantly problematic.
Security purists may bristle at what I'm going to say next, but so
be it.  I believe that we should strongly consider something of a
paradigm shift in the manner of browsers' handling of self-signed
certificates, at the user's option.
When a browser user reaches a site with a self-signed certificate,
they would be presented with a dialogue similar to that now
displayed, but with additional, clear, explanatory text regarding
self-signed certificates and their capabilities/limitations.  The
user would also be offered the opportunity to not only accept this
particular cert, but also to optionally accept future self-signed
certs without additional dialogues (this option could also be
enabled or disabled via browser preference settings).
If the user declined this option, the browser would continue to
treat self-signed certs in the traditional manner.  If the option
were accepted, future self-signed certs would not trigger the query
In either case, the use of a self-signed certificate would ideally
cause the appearance throughout that session of an appropriate
unobtrusive but clearly visible "self-signed cert" notification
message or icon.  I would also recommend that the browser URL
address bar change to a unique color (e.g. light blue or some other
acceptable choice) to indicate a self-signed certificate in use.
There are obviously significant security ramifications to this
proposal to be carefully analyzed, and a range of variations in the
ways that something along these lines might be implemented.
But I hope that this discussion helps to stimulate explorations
regarding the possible desirability and practicality of much larger
scale use of self-signed certificates on the Internet, particularly
to encourage the transition of routine Web browsing to an encrypted
Lauren Weinstein
lauren at vortex.com or lauren at pfir.org
Tel: +1 (818) 225-2800
Co-Founder, PFIR
    - People For Internet Responsibility - Co-Founder, NNSquad
    - Network Neutrality Squad - Founder, PRIVACY Forum - Member, ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy
Lauren's Blog: privacy mailing list

@_date: 2009-06-25 01:37:17
@_author: privacy at vortex.com 
@_subject: [ PRIVACY Forum ] Bulletin: Democrats in Congress Want   
Biometic National ID Card for All Workers
Bulletin: Democrats in Congress Want Biometic National ID Card for All  Washington Post: "Reassuring" words from Chuck Schumer:
    "I'm sure the civil libertarians will object to some kind of
     biometric card -- although ... there'll be all kinds of
     protections -- but we're going to have to do it.
     It's the only way."
Isn't that last sentence what Darth Vader said to Luke when trying
to get his son to join him, just after revealing his relationship?
Here we go again.  At least in regards to certain topics, when
it comes to Congress, it's:
Meet the new boss, same as the old boss!
Lauren Weinstein
lauren at vortex.com
Tel: +1 (818) 225-2800
Co-Founder, PFIR
   - People For Internet Responsibility - Co-Founder, NNSquad
   - Network Neutrality Squad - Founder, GCTIP - Global Coalition
   for Transparent Internet Performance - Founder, PRIVACY Forum - Member, ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy
Lauren's Blog: Twitter: privacy mailing list
