
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:38:53
@_author: Alex J. Martin 
@_subject: Article About a Secret Communication Channel in 1980's South Africa 
This should be of interest to the list.
I must credit the find to Schneier's blog: "Talking to Vula " ( is the story of a 1980s secret communications channel between black South African leaders and others living in exile in the UK. The system used encrypted text encoded into DTMF "touch tones" and transmitted from pay phones.

@_date: 2013-11-16 00:57:19
@_author: Privarchy Mee 
@_subject: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
Can any of you, most of whom I do not doubt are far more knowledgeable
about cryptography and how it's conceptualised within the legal sphere,
offer some insight regarding this?
The claim is that Judge Loretta A. Preska, who sentenced Jeremy Hammond
today, said that for the three years (post-release) that he was to spend
under supervision, he will not be able to use encryption for communication
or storage purposes(!) which is practically a legal edict to go and build a
cabin by Walden Pond. How can this be considered anything but cruel and

@_date: 2014-01-22 04:25:01
@_author: Alex J. Martin 
@_subject: Live Q&A with Edward Snowden: Thursday 23rd January, 8pm GMT, 3pm EST 
"Edward Snowden will be answering questions submitted by the public on his official support site, freesnowden.is , this Thursday 23 January at 8pm GMT, 3pm EST. The support site is run by The Courage Foundation and is the only endorsed Snowden Defence Fund. This is the first Snowden live chat since June 2013 and will last for an hour starting at 8pm GMT, 3pm EST. Questions can be submitted on twitter on the day of the event using the  hashtag. Edward Snowden's responses will appear at The live chat comes exactly a week after US President Barack Obama gave an address in response to the public concerns raised by Edward Snowden's revelations about US surveillance practices. In the live chat, Edward Snowden is expected to give his first reaction to the President's speech.
Courage (formerly the Journalistic Source Protection Defence Fund) is a trust, audited by accountants Derek Rothera & Company in the UK, for the purpose of providing legal defence and campaign aid to journalistic sources. It is overseen by an unrenumerated committee of trustees. Edward Snowden is its first recipient.
freesnowden.is  was commissioned by the trustees of Courage to provide information on the threats Edward Snowden faces and what can be done to support him, and details all revelations made to date  in a convenient central archive."

@_date: 2014-01-25 13:39:08
@_author: Alex J. Martin 
@_subject: An Open Letter from US Researchers in Cryptography and Information 
# Posted to January 24, 2014
Media reports since last June have revealed that the US government conducts domestic and international surveillance on a massive scale, that it engages in deliberate and covert weakening of Internet security standards, and that it pressures US technology companies to deploy backdoors and other data-collection features. As leading members of the US cryptography and information-security research communities, we deplore these practices and urge that they be changed.
Indiscriminate collection, storage, and processing of unprecedented amounts of personal information chill free speech and invite many types of abuse, ranging from mission creep to identity theft. These are not hypothetical problems; they have occurred many times in the past. Inserting backdoors, sabotaging standards, and tapping commercial data-center links provide bad actors, foreign and domestic, opportunities to exploit the resulting vulnerabilities.
The value of society-wide surveillance in preventing terrorism is unclear, but the threat that such surveillance poses to privacy, democracy, and the US technology sector is readily apparent. Because transparency and public consent are at the core of our democracy, we call upon the US government to subject all mass-surveillance activities to public scrutiny and to resist the deployment of mass-surveillance programs in advance of sound technical and social controls. In finding a way forward, the five principles promulgated at  provide a good starting point.
The choice is not whether to allow the NSA to spy. The choice is between a communications infrastructure that is vulnerable to attack at its core and one that, by default, is intrinsically secure for its users. Every country, including our own, must give intelligence and law-enforcement authorities the means to pursue terrorists and criminals, but we can do so without fundamentally undermining the security that enables commerce, entertainment, personal communication, and other aspects of 21^st -century life. We urge the US government to reject society-wide surveillance and the subversion of security technology, to adopt state-of-the-art, privacy-preserving technology, and to ensure that new policies, guided by enunciated principles, support human rights, trustworthy commerce, and technical innovation.
and Practical Applications/
Security Workshop^1
New Wiretapping Technologies/
Harvard Law School

@_date: 2014-01-27 12:06:45
@_author: Privarchy 
@_subject: Good books on algorithm design? 
References: <52E6347D.4050206
Kleinberg & Tardos: Cormen & Leiserson & Rivest & Stein: I'm sorry I can't be of more help./Introduction to Algorithms 3rd Ed/ looks very good, though.
