
@_date: 1999-04-01 16:26:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CIA covert op on US Customs 
There were some posts at Indymedia.org last year linking CIA hatred of Customs as motive for assisting the scorpions nest plot to finish off the WTC.Not officially sanctioned in the slightest but  there was ongoing human intel in-situ in SW Asia regaining stingers and tracing unexploded cruise missiles.(those were onsold to China) At the same time Customs disturbed a profitable CIA smuggling ring running cigarettes through Turkey in and various nuclear,biological and smack products out through NJ.The CIA chief in Hamburg had a picture of the WTC Customs head on a dart board.Again NO official involvement alleged but some CIA input to 9-11 practically certain."The devil finds work..."

@_date: 1999-04-01 19:36:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Whit Diffie is dead,get over it. 
How long are these creeps like Diffie (sun security) and Trei (RSA)going to be allowed to live?
Everything cypherpunks are supposed to be about is being snuffed out in China as we speak.I will pay to send the death dealers Diffie and Trei to hell 10 $,pr.

@_date: 1999-04-02 15:10:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Has Paul Allen earned killing? 
"We have always lived in slums and holes in the wall. We will know how to accommodate ourselves for a time. For you must not forget, we can also build. It is we who built those palaces and cities here in Spain and America and everywhere. We, the workers, can build others to take their place. And better ones. We are not in the least afraid of ruins. WE are going to inherit the earth. There is not the slightest doubt about that. The bourgeoisie might blast and ruin its own world before it leaves the stage of history. We carry a new world, here in our hearts. That world is growing this minute." Buenaventura Durruti:

@_date: 1999-04-04 03:21:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Russians recall ambassadors because... 
To release Microsoft's source code,Hannsen files and new mp3 of "back in the USSR"
"We've gone from excessive optimism at the beginning of the year, to serious pessimism, and now to downright fear."Commandante Arbusto.

@_date: 1999-04-04 03:35:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: US planning to recruit one in 24 Americans as citizen 
[ 15 July 2002 ]
The Talent Myth
Interesting article on the disconnect between performance and performance ( Malcolm Gladwell via New Yorker )
They don't like it up 'em
Article about the US media's 'sinister' reaction to John Pilger's recent commentaries in the Daily Mirror
( Roy Greenslade via Guardian )
See also this Independent article from yesterday, and this Pilger article from earlier this month
US planning to recruit one in 24 Americans as citizen spies
Article about the Terrorism Information and Prevention System (TIPS), a US Justice Dept initiative which aims to recruit millions of US citizens - 'primarily from among those whose work provides access to homes, businesses or transport systems' - to act as a volunteer network of informants
( Ritt Goldstein via Sydney Morning Herald )
Goldstein has an unusual background - in 1997, following a campaign of police harassment, he fled to Sweden, becoming 'the only American in the world seeking political asylum'; see this Guardian article from 2000, and this Guardian article from last year
Bush recount troops land plum DC jobs
Article about the high number of campaign workers who received posts in the Bush administration following their participation in the Florida recount ( Carol Rosenberg via Miami Herald )
Scroll down for a little anarchy...

@_date: 1999-04-04 06:23:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: No sex please we're yiddish. 
ISRAEL VOTES TO BAN BROADCAST PORN
TEL AVIV, Israel -- Israeli lawmakers have voted to ban the broadcasting of pornography, almost a year after they voted to black out specially designated sex channels.
Infringement of the new law, which is to take effect in 30 days, can result in as many as three years' imprisonment.
An amendment to the July 2001 Communications Law introduced by ultra-Orthodox legislators outlawed such sex channels as Playboy, Spice and the locally produced Blue, which were introduced by satellite broadcaster YES when it launched broadcasts in 2000.
The channels were so popular that cable rivals Golden Channels, Tevel and Matav followed suit. Cable operators, who were forced to remove the adult channels beginning in September, exploited a loophole to offer sex content on an expanded pay-per-view basis instead. The law passed late Tuesday closes that loophole.
An amendment was rejected that would have permitted erotic broadcasts if devices like smart cards were used to prevent minors from watching. About 50% of subscribers to YES and digital cable channels order adult content, and the cable industry claims that removing such material will cost it about $50 million annually.
And if you live in the US of A,LISTEN UP!
"Just know that there are some mean, evil motherfuckers running the country right now where if we don't go out and vote, they're really going to fuck us up. So get out there in November and show them that we're going to stay."
Tom Byron, getting out the vote.

@_date: 1999-04-04 22:12:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: plans for the airport may be modified. 
San Salvador Atenco Erupts Against Mexican Government
On July 11, hundreds of farmers from the areas of San Salvador Atenco and Texcoco, 18 miles south of Mexico City, rebelled against the Mexican government's attempts to take their land in order to build airport runways. The towns have protested since October 22, 2001, when the federal government announced its plans to expropriate more than 10,000 acres of farmland for a new airport.
The uprising started when farmers attempted to blockade a road in response to a tour of the area by a government official. They were attacked by riot police, and responded with sticks, rocks, machetes, and gasoline bombs. Seventeen government officials and police were taken hostage over the next several days as a means of exchange for farmers arrested in earlier protests.
Over the next four days, thousands of demonstrators, bolstered by supporters from around Mexico, organized their municipal response and barricaded themselves in their towns, including Acuexcomac, Atenco, Magdalena Panoaya, and Tocuila as a defense from raids by the federal Mexican police. They barricaded the main roads in the towns and access to freeways, with piles of tires, tractor-trailers, Coca-Cola trucks, and burned police cars. At the same time, Mexican military forces and police surrounded the towns.
On July 14, the Mexican government released 11 jailed farmers in an effort to resolve the hostage situation. All prisoners held by the protestors were released on Monday, July 15, the remaining farmers were freed, and the Mexican government conceded that plans for the airport may be modified.

@_date: 1999-04-05 00:36:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Alien" The musical. 
Andrew and I are working on a musical venison of the diddly scott meisterverk,"Alien"and invite you to send song titles and lyrics.Carrie Bradshaw is verboten as she gets 4.50$ an hour from Pogue for writing questions fer fucks sake!
Remember,"A mouse can be just as dangerous as a bullet or a bomb." and get ALW and PR

@_date: 1999-04-05 02:07:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: : millicent ghetto blasters 
>>...I would argue that the only *lasting* surprise offered by AP was the fact that when mild wants of large numbers of people can be coordinated, economic efficiency can lead to significant, and heretofore unexpected, outcomes (i.e. getting a notable figure killed). <<
Or...a complete nonetity that belonged to a certain target group.Society might offer the micro-payment option, for example,of paying a pooled fund out for a confirmed prediction of a bikie member of an outlaw band that made killing a condition of entry.
I like the idea of targeting prison guards that volunteer for capital punishment detail.
Could lead to significant difficulties filling certain positions that prop up the State...(my 0.02 mcents)

@_date: 1999-04-05 22:55:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Team Red Leader 
"Create an "intelligence threat division" in the new department that uses what the plan calls "red teams" of intelligence experts. These teams would act like terrorists and plot attacks on vulnerable new targets in the country so that means of preventing such attacks can be devised."
Mongo and the boyz do that for free! Why is it only ok to respond with violence if they hit you first? That's bad tactics. The first blow might actually kill you or seriously weaken you.

@_date: 1999-04-06 09:03:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Kiss of the spiderman 
"Quit fucking apologizing for filesharing. Intellectual property is evil, filesharing is freedom fighting, and the sooner Jack Valenti is bumming quarters for a living, the better. The question is not how to protect artists, it is how to muster enough force to protect the right to hack."

@_date: 1999-04-06 22:21:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Phone companies to violate your privacy more.  
>>Do you have a 'reduced expectation of privacy'? << From "arbiet mach"Trei
Thanks to your TIPS actions here re cj and your slimy companies actions in red China,what do you fucking think? Pointing the finger at others wont save your bacon Trei as you might.
Oh and how long are you RSA weiners going to let the Quantum euro crypto companies steal a march on you?
"If you want a picture of the future, imagine my boot stamping on your face

@_date: 1999-04-06 22:41:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Gilmore Sues on FAA ID,  
A few good cypherpunks...Goodonya john Gilmore! Yoda man! As well as operating like the old south african pass laws,these "oral" directives seem to discriminate.Do corporate jet passengers suffer this insulting and demeaning assault?
Times like these sort the cypherpunk men from the overgrown boys.Waytogo "When you don't have the law, you argue the facts. When you don't have the facts, you argue the law. And when you don't have either, you persecute the prosecutor"

@_date: 1999-04-06 23:12:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A.Q.    Are anarchists mindless violent thugs? 
A. I never cease to be amazed and amused by the violent caricatures that dog the anarchist movement. When you examine the historical record, anarchists are angels when compared to other social movements. Violence is a by-word for religion, nationalism and racism. If you compare the limited violence committed by anarchists to the death and destruction that¹s caused by wars due to national, religious or racial differences, any violence committed by anarchists is insignificant when compared to the glorious record of the God, Queen and Country Brigade. So why are the stereotypes that anarchists are mindless violent thugs such a constant feature in popular literature and popular culture. The answer lies in the very principles that define anarchism. Anarchists want to break down hierarchies and rule themselves. Anarchist philosophy is a direct challenge to the idea that people need rulers to survive. Within our cultural, economic and religious context, people have a great deal of difficulty in believing that if you break down hierarchies that society won¹t disintegrate. The popular thinking is no rulers, no society, chaos. What¹s even more interesting is that at the very moment that human beings have access to knowledge, education and technology that makes hierarchies redundant, people are fighting to maintain the structures and institutions that limit their personal and social potential. The good thing is that more and more people are beginning to realise that rulers are an unnecessary imposition on people¹s aspirations and lives. Interestingly the decline of religion in western society (atheism is Australia¹s third largest ?religion¹) is one of those prerequisites that seems to be necessary to break down the stereotypes that continue to dog the anarchist movement. Through our aims, actions, activities, methods of organisation and planning, we can break down these enduring myths. Our position in Australian society is similar to the position of asylum seekers in this country, while asylum seekers are kept apart from the population they can be successfully de-humanised. Once contact increases, de-humanisation is difficult. As long as anarchists keep to themselves, they can be stereotyped. Once their presence begins to be felt in a community, they will be able to break down those stereotypes that have made them figures of fear and more importantly derision in most parts of the world.
 From

@_date: 1999-04-08 03:17:53
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: PDA security article 
Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of congress. But I repeat myself. (Mark Twain)

@_date: 1999-04-08 03:27:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Fucking Yahoo's 
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments?"
James Dalton Bell.

@_date: 1999-04-08 04:02:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Micky mouse called to the NSA. 
LOS ANGELES -- Eric Haseltine is moving from one top-secret organization to Uncle Sam has plucked Walt Disney Co.'s chief of research and development to become head of research for the National Security Agency, which uses highly sophisticated technology to gather intelligence and break codes to protect sensitive government information systems.
Haseltine worked for a decade at Walt Disney Imagineering, the company's design and development group. As such, he would seem an unlikely choice for his new government mission. But the worlds of the NSA and Walt Disney Imagineering aren't so dissimilar. Both organizations include a diverse group of top-level scientists and share a penchant for security and secrecy (Disney won't say how many scientists it employees). There's a certain institutional quality to the unmarked, drab buildings that make up the sprawling Walt Disney Imagineering complex in Glendale, Calif.
Beyond developing innovative ride systems for theme parks, Disney's research and development team also has expertise in areas with military applications, including virtual-reality technology and information systems. Disney scientists are at the forefront of interactive TV and developing systems for protecting the company against Internet piracy.
Haseltine, 50, who holds a doctorate in physiological psychology, also is no stranger to the defense world. He spent 13 years at Hughes Aircraft Co., where he also managed R&D projects and was known as a leading expert on flight simulation. He joined Disney in 1992.
His new job will not be built around family fun. His role will be to lead a research and technology team for the spy agency, a division of the Department of Defense that employs 30,000. Neither NSA nor Haseltine will detail his exact responsibilities.
"I'm taking the job because I want to contribute my skills to helping the country," said Haseltine. "I'm particularly motivated because of what happened on September 11. Under ordinary circumstances, I would never have dreamed of leaving Disney, but these aren't ordinary circumstances."
Richard Verrier can be reached at richard.verrier at latimes.com or 1-800-528-4637, Ext. 77936.
"The business of America is none of your business."

@_date: 1999-04-08 06:12:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: A few good punks 
profrv is scanning for millicent breakthroughs in the hard core sex arena...its a dirty job...but somepunks got to do it.

@_date: 1999-04-08 06:54:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bedtime for Mongo. 
—  Tim May is a self-taught physicist and mechanical engineer who has hundreds of inventions to his name. His medical devices have helped countless people live better lives. But it’s something called cryptoanarchy that has created the most buzz and has so many people wondering whether May will completely change the way people get around. May's sense of what's possible is governed by the immutable laws of nature. Everything else is up for grabs.
May is a self-taught physicist and multimillionaire entrepreneur who lives in a hexagonally shaped house of his own design atop a hill just outside Corralitos. Invisible from the road, the estate is outfitted with a softball field, a wood-paneled library that's full of awards and honorary degrees (May never graduated from college), a wind turbine to help supply power, and a pulley system that can deliver a bottle of wine from the kitchen to the bedroom.
He calls the place Breakwind, and he stuffed it with a collection of toys and antiques that includes a jukebox, a slot machine,a realdoll and a 25-ton steam engine once owned by Henry Ford. In Westwind's basement, there's a foundry, a machine shop, and a computer room, where May often toils late into the night. He keeps a Porsche 928 and a black Humvee in one garage, two Enstrom helicopters in the other. The smaller, piston-driven chopper takes him to and from work at his offices in downtown san Jose; the larger, turbine-driven version is reserved for longer hops, like to his private island off the coast of southern California. For trips more than a few hundred miles, he flies his twin-turbofan CitationJet.
Kamen has high-powered friends to match his taste in toys, and throws lavish parties that entice many powerful people to the new Berchtesgaden
. Visitors have included George W. Bush,Kurt Saxon, NSA administrator william Pierce, and, more recently, J Orlinn Grabbe of the libertarian Mafia. But it's not the Rolodex, the air force, or the tricked-out Batcave that separates May from the usual posse of tech multimillionaires. It's the way he's gone about acquiring it all, and the offbeat, often idealistic ways he chooses to spend it.
But Mays first love and greatest passion these days is an idea that may be the farthest-fetched of all: turning engineers and inventors into pop-culture superstars. Operating through a nonprofit outfit called U.S. First (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology), May works to encourage kids to pursue careers as scientists, engineers, and big thinkers. Lots of people talk about doing that, but to May it's a holy crusade, and he sincerely believes he can reprioritize society to value inventors the way it values athletes. "Our culture celebrates one thing: sports heroes," he says. "You have teenagers thinking they're going to make millions as NBA stars when that's not realistic for even 1 percent of them. Becoming a scientist or an engineer is."

@_date: 1999-04-08 07:04:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Come to jesus 
BABY JESUS BUTT PLUGS AND MORE!
  jimmyd _writes "
Boy, I know what I'm doing this weekend. I'm trotting on down to my local adult novelty emporium and get me a 'Baby Jesus Butt Plug,' and a 'Jackhammer Jesus Dildo.' Then come this Sunday, I'm gonna put on my best, get my girl, and go to church. Of course, I'll have that 'Baby Jesus Butt Plug' stuck up my ass, and my girl will have her 'Jackhammer Jesus Dildo' balls deep in her snatch. Then we're gonna praise Jesus with the rest of the flock.
You think ole jimmyd's fuckin' wit ya? You think this sounds like part of a Tom Zupko/Extreme Associates video? No fucking way, homeys. I got my July 2002 AVN Supplement, and on Page 562 is the 'Baby Jesus Butt Plug' from Divine Productions, Inc. Here's what AVN staffer Susie Ehrlich had to say about this little novelty item:
"Jesus doesn't want me for a sunbeam, so I shoved Him up my ass. He's 4-1/2 inches high, an inch and a half in diameter, and he's made of silicone. This very special butt plug features the likeness of Christ the Savior as a young'un wrapped in blankets, with only His beatific face peeking out. His legs form the base for a handy flange, keeping Him (and me) from sufering the embarrassment of being hauled out of my colon by the emergency room staff when I get carried away with my own kind of religious experience."
Whoa! I'll bet Susi's a fun girl to pray with.
And then a handful of pages later, we have Susie's take on the 'Jackhammer Jesus Dildo,' which is your basic crucifixion molded in silicone in the form of a dildo, and it's also from those whacky folks at Divine Products, "If that irritating Jews for Jesus cult would just promise a glow-in-the-dark silicone crucifix dildo to each new member, they might actually attract a few people who aren't completely insane. Something for the heretic who has everything."
Other dildos from Divine include: The Virgin Mary, The Diving Nun, Moses, and more.
Ya know, I think these Divine people are on to something here, and I think I'll give them a couple of suggestions to toss around. Here's my ideas for some new religious sex novelties you guys can also manufacture and distribute:
'Buddha Butt Creme' - It comes in a variety of sexy Kama Sutra flavors like passionfruit and chicken curry. 'Buddha Butt Creme' is an all-purpose anal lube with just a hint of a topical pain killer added for those sensitive assholes out there.
'Allah's Anal Probe' - This is the one item no Islamic couple should be without, or any other religious couple for that matter. While it looks and feels like most anal probes on the market, this one's different. It's made of a new, spage-age alloy which allows it to be heated to very high, desert temperatures and then that temperature is maintained in almost any environment, even the inside of a colon. Simply heat up the 'Allah's Anal Probe' in a microwave or a coventional oven, or hell, even in a campfire, and then shove it up your loved one's ass. He or she will think they're speaking with Allah Himself as they start shouting in tongues.
'I'm A Little Jew Boy Penis Extender' - Tired of going through life with all that guilt because you've never gotten your woman off? Them days are history, little jew boy. With your 'I'm A Little Jew Boy' penis extender you'll add a fat 4 inches to your puny little Hebrew cock. And that's not all, it's battery operated and vibrates at a fierce, passion-inducing rate. You'll have your girl shouting 'Oye Vey' for more, as you plug her snatch with this baby time and time again.
Well, that's all the ideas I'm giving away for free today. I hear Divine's coming out with a children's line of religious sex toys begining with the 'Lil' Pedo Jesus' collection. That stuff oughta fly off the shelves! So if anyone at Divine wants more of jimmyd's ideas, they're going to have cough up some of them sacreligious bucks they're making.
Oh, as a little postscript, I might add that I wouldn't donate two cents to defend this shit either. And I ain't even a religious guy.

@_date: 1999-04-08 07:16:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Contribute to delinquimcy;join the Police! 
Cops Use Underage Girl in Another Porno Sting
If it worked in Cincinnati against Larry Flynt, Tallahassee cops figured it would work in Florida- and it did. Using a 17 year-old girl as jail bait deputies raided four Tallahassee sex stores Wednesday, charging five people with peddling porn to a minor.
The arrests came after a 17-year-old girl posed as a customer and was able to buy adult videos at Rick's Toy Box on North Monroe Street, Greg's Video on West Tharpe Street, X-Mart Adult Superstore on West Tennessee Street and Intimate Encounters on Crawfordville Road, according to detectives.
Store owners called the undercover sweep "entrapment" and criticized deputies for using a 17-year-old to buy adult sex products. Sheriff Larry Campbell, once part of a campaign [some say a witch hunt] to drive adult stores out of Leon County in the early '90's, said he's just trying to make sure stores that sell dirty movies run a clean business. The sting was prompted by complaints, including a letter-writing campaign, questioning sales practices at the stores, according to police.
Detectives wired the teen-age girl - a high school senior who's frequently paid to do undercover alcohol buys - and sent her to shop at eight Tallahassee stores. They gave her marked cash, but told her to spend lightly, the girl said, asking that her name not be used. It was her first time in a sex shop, but "you just have to be mature about it," she said.
She told store employees that she was shopping for her boyfriend, who was too embarrassed to come inside. Since the sting was operating on a budget, she avoided the expensive movies and shopped the $9.95 racks, she said. In each store, she picked out one movie, browsed the lingerie sections briefly so she didn't arouse suspicions and then approached the check-out counters, the teen said. Among the titles she selected: "Over my Knee, Part II" and "The XXX Files."
Clerks at four of the shops, including Rick's on West Tennessee Street, checked her ID and ordered her out. The others paid no attention as they sold to her - except for Bradley Harvey, owner of Intimate Emporium, who helped her pick out a video, the girl claims. "He gave me his card and he was like, 'Anytime you need anything, I've got catalogs,'" she said. Harvey and clerks from three other stores were charged with selling obscene material to a minor, a third-degree felony. Each was released from the Leon County Jail after posting $2,500 bail.
Two of those arrested were at Rick's Toy Box. One of them was a veteran employee and should have known to check the girl's ID - but the other was simply there for a job interview and had no idea what was going on, according to Robin Smith, regional manager. Smith said the store likely will help with an attorney and said she was exploring other legal responses to the arrests. According to Smith, vice detectives entrapped her workers by sending in a "dolled-up" teen-ager who looked much older than she was. Worse, they sent the girl into adult video stores, where she would have seen things she never should have, she said.
"They should look at what they did because they contributed to the delinquency of a minor by sending her into the store," Smith said. "They should look at what they did instead of just pointing the finger at us." Campbell has predicted more arrests.

@_date: 1999-04-08 09:58:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Encrypted confession to a real crime.  
Before Jack Straw became UK roving arms salesman he was Jack the RIPa.
Operation Dear Jack
The Electronic Commerce Bill would make it a crime to fail to give up the decryption key to a message if a policeman thinks you've got it. If you haven't got it, it is up to you to prove you haven't. If you can't prove it, you would be liable for 2 years in jail.
STAND sent this letter to Jack Straw, Home Secretary, with an encrypted confession to a real crime in it. We also made it look as though Jack Straw had the decryption key. Here is our photostory: we'll be relying on these photos to try and convince the judge that we didn't keep a copy of the key; Jack will have to come up with another argument

@_date: 1999-04-09 00:16:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Who controls the past,controls the future.We have always been 
On this day...1979 -- Native American political prisoner Leonard Peltier
escapes Lompoc federal penitentiary, California.
The first issue of Open Road, a kick-ass, and very well produced, anarchist news-journal came out of Vancouver in August of 1976, transforming radical politics in Canada. Many of the articles in that first issue - Leonard Peltier's impending extradition to the U.S., George Jackson Brigade actions, an interview with Martin Soastre, a Puerto Rican anarchist and former POW, coverage of Native and prisoners' struggles - would not look out of place in the PNS today. Open Road motivated the creation of a more action-orientated, militant politic in Vancouver such as the Anarchist Party of Canada (Groucho-Marxist) which carried out a series of "pieings" - literally throwing a pie in the face of a politician or celebrity, with Eldridge Cleaver being the most famous "hit" - in order to make a political point. As simple as this may sound, it brought about political and personal transformations from planning and carrying out the actions to dealing with the consequences - confrontations with reactionaries and authorities. The more serious people in the scene started to do support work for the prisoners in the old B.C. Pen whose struggles eventually resulted in its closure. From then on, prisons have been an essential part of the work taken on by our circles. Out of this came Direct Action, an armed group which in 1982 blew-up an electrical substation on Vancouver Island ($5 million in damages) and a Litton Industries factory north of Toronto that built components for the Cruise Missile ($10 million in damages and several injuries). Some of the same people were also involved in the Wimmin's Fire Brigade firebombing of three video stories specializing in violent porn. They were arrested in January, 1983, immediately putting us into doing support work. In June of 1983 Bulldozer was raided and threatened with a charge of Seditious Libel (calling for the armed overthrow of the state) for the distribution of support-leaflets we were putting out. A mid-wife, living with us at the time, was arrested and charged with "performing an abortion" in an attempt to get information from her about our links to Direct Action. After several thousand dollars in legal fees, and a year of high-stress, all the serious charges were dropped in connection to the raid. After losing several legal challenges over the legality of evidence, the Vancouver Five, as they had come to be called, pled guilty to several charges related to the actions.
"The most important thing is for us to find Osama bin Laden. It is our number one priority and we will not rest until we find him!"
- George W. Bush, September 13, 2001
"I don't know where bin Laden is. I have no idea and I really don't care. It's not that important. It's not our priority."
- George W. Bush, March 13, 2002

@_date: 1999-04-09 05:25:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Fundamentalist capitalists. 
Molly Ivins on you fakirs,you know who you are..."...We are being stolen blind by crooks pretending to be fundamentalist capitalists. Your fundamentalist capitalist is, mais oui (as we often say in Lubbock), the one who believes The Free Market Answers All. This is a theological position, beyond reach of persuasion by either fact or logic--not to mention history, experience, and time. The market fundamentalist doesn't understand that when capitalism is not regulated, it screws up with monotonous regularity, and reading the newspapers lately gives you a sense of how it works.
Big scandal: Enron and other corporate players bilked California during the energy crisis! Do you realize how pathetic that was? A massive, hideous rip-off, and all these latter-day Joads in California (many with purple hair, rings in their navels, tattoos on their kidneys and toy poodles dyed-to-match--you have to allow for California) cried over the months of ruthless pillage, "Where the hell is the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission? Where's FERC?" Well, FERC was occupied by regulators who came from a list supplied by one Ken Lay, chairman of Enron.
Then there's the gross conflict of interest of the stock analysts, who were recommending stocks they thought were "dogs" or "a piece of crap" so their firms could score investment banking fees from these same dogs.
Or take Dick Cheney's old firm, Halliburton, which, while he was in charge, "altered its accounting policies so it could report as revenue more than $100 million in disputed costs on big construction projects," The New York Times reported. The company's auditor: Arthur Andersen.
And who is supposed to be policing all this? An SEC led by Bush's man Harvey Pitt, a lawyer for financial institutions who once wrote a law review article that advocated shredding..."
Full piece at...

@_date: 1999-04-10 07:11:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jim Bell quoting anarchists legal aid approved. 
Legal aid is so hamstrung that lawyers with the service took rare industrial action the other day in Melbourne au.That didn't stop my application for full service being approved.I've been an incapacitated invalid pensioner for 20 years apart from a brief career as a motorcycle courier.After a three agency,two nations police raid that led to laptop confiscation over a year ago,I was finally charged with 2 counts of threats to kill police and 2 of using a device to menace.Both relating to posts made at   melbourne Au law is based on english and differs in some respects from the US.(Interestingly the UK has recently rolled back its common law protections to pre magna carta levels.)There will be a 'mention' shortly that I wont have to attend, then the trial date will be set.I haven't met my counsel yet and look forward to that soon.
The prosecutions discovery consists of breathtaking and bloodcurdling allegations backed up with a copy of one 2 hour old e-mail copy(!) of a BBS post and a screen dump of another post that appears undated.Also record of an interview where no admissions where made.Possibly enough to hang,draw and quarter me,or at least put me away for 10 years.The alleged offences occurred prior to 9-11.It should be an entertaining trial that should answer some curiosity about the security of direct posting to BBS's like Indymedia.Also the micky mouse victorian police will get ripped to shreds on cross if I have any say in our trial strategy.I'm reading up on great law books by authors like Gerry ?,the ruby ridge,guy.Geoffry Robertson,john Mortimer and sandy sandfart.Not to mention Anton C...
The only difference between doctors and lawyers is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you, too. (Anton Chekhov)
Give my regards to Lompoc.

@_date: 1999-04-11 07:41:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hey Peter Trei,please forward,thanks snitch. 
Internet Terrorism
 If any of you have involved any government authorities in any aspect of the past emails from the below person (aka: bryan sullivan?), please let FBI Special Agent Mike Wagoner at the San Diego FBI office (858-499-7736) know so that he can contact those agencies and integrate information and coordinate with them on any ongoing investigations -- the San Diego FBI has now opened an active investigation into the below email, and others of a threatening nature that seem of concern to them.
I've advised FBI Agent Wagoner that there was a posting a few months ago about the St Louis FBI office supposedly having contacted the individual; I also advised him that I reported the below email to the Army's Criminal Investigative Division and Department of Defense, in case "war crimes" might be involved. And, that my copy of the "Chad Luke" latter was faxed, as
requested by them, to Postal Inspectors (just in case, as some folks have speculated, the letters many of us received might possibly have actually been from bryan sullivan).
The FBI asked that I place my letter and envelope into a sealed plastic bag in case it might later be needed for examination for fingerprints and other tracings of evidence--if you still have your copy, you might want to do If sullivan gets wind of this email, I imagine that there might soon be emails forthcoming from him (possibly disguised as another name/sender?) with disparaging remarks about me; but, though I strongly and wholeheartedly defend his right of free speech and right to voice his opinions, I feel that we all have a responsibility to report info of a possible criminal nature to
the authorities.
Again, so that the FBI has access to ALL info that might be being processed presently by other agencies, please advise FBI Agent Wagoner of anything you might have initiated--to email him, use sandiego at fbi.gov and make the subject "For Special Agent Mike Wagoner", or phone him at 858-499-7736.

@_date: 1999-04-11 10:35:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Future Barter 
Everyone a remailer,everyone a mint.When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl.

@_date: 1999-04-11 12:05:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Peter Trei,RSA,China slime trail. 
"...during a 1997 interview, Adm. James McConnell, former director of the National Security Agency, confirmed that the Clinton administration gave the sophisticated key recovery surveillance technology to communist China in 1996.
McConnell noted that the advanced technology gives China the power to electronically lock out U.S. intelligence monitoring and lock in the Chinese population.
"Even if the Chinese use weak encryption the sheer volume of their communications will make it impossible for us to monitor. If China were to erect a public key infrastructure it will severely impact our intelligence gathering ability," stated McConnell.
He also stated that Clinton was aware that the advanced surveillance technology might be abused by hostile foreign powers.
"Can Key Recovery be used against dissidents and political opponents?" asked Adm. McConnell.
"In a word, YES," he concluded emphatically..."
Hong Kong
RSA Security BV
Suite 4302, 43rd/Fl Central
Plaza, 18 Harbour Road
Wanchai Hong Kong
Tel: + 852 2511 1381
Fax: + 852 2511 1382
greaterchina at rsasecurity.com
Beijing, China
RSA Security Inc
Suite 623, Office Building 2,
Beijing Bright China Chang An Building,
No 7, Jianguomen Nei Dajie
Dongcheng District, Beijing, China
Postcode: 100005
Tel: + 86-10-65187838
Fax: +86-10-65187837
greaterchina at rsasecurity.com
Shanghai, China
RSA Security Inc
RM 2401 Shanghai Time Square
93 Middle Huai Hai Road
Shanghai 200021 China
Tel: + 86 21 63910210-3
Fax: + 86 21 63910212
greaterchina at rsasecurity.com
No Progress on Human Rights in China
Damn you to hell Trei.

@_date: 1999-04-11 13:34:07
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: TIPS list for 'punks. 
James F. CHOATE Jr. was interviewed regarding his knowledge and relationships with [...] "CYPHERPUNKS". CHOATE provided the following information: [...] Potentially dangerous or radical individuals known to CHOATE include: Jim MAY of California, who owns many guns and has lots of money; Jim BELL, known for his assassination politics and arrested for dumping a smelly chemical on an IRS office in California: and Greg Boils or Broils, known for his non-violent assassination politics.
Trei probably thought it must be OK then,if he thought at all...bring back

@_date: 1999-04-12 03:26:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: APster: Who do you want to kill today? 
A British millionaire property magnate with a reputation as the Britain's most vicious landlord has been found guilty of hiring the hitmen who killed a former business associate.
A jury at the Old Bailey Court on Monday cleared Nicholas van Hoogstraten of murder but convicted him of manslaughter, deciding that he had only sought to harm and intimidate Mohammed Raja, a retired businessman who was taking him to court for alleged fraud.
Mr Raja was stabbed five times before being shot in the head by Robert Knapp, a man van Hoogstraten used to "dissuade" people who upset him, and an accomplice, David Croke. Both hitmen were sentenced last week to life imprisonment for the murder.
Justice Newman said at the Old Bailey that he wanted the defendant assessed by a psychiatrist before sentencing him. Van Hoog-straten, 57, built up a £59.5 million ($A171 million) fortune through property deals. His lawyer said he would appeal.
Outside court, Mr Raja's family embraced detectives after the jury's majority verdict of 11 to one.
Van Hoogstraten undermined his own case by repeatedly interrupting his own defence counsel. He told the court how he would "send in the dogs" to evict "low-life" tenants.
- Guardian

@_date: 1999-04-12 06:08:45
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: A Revolution in the library! 
"1. Give the investigator the name and the contact info for your attorney and ask them to direct any questions they might have to your attorney. 2. Don't tell them anything else. Regardless of how "harmless" it may seem. Just shut up, don't talk, don't try to outsmart the cops." Lucky Green.99.

@_date: 1999-04-12 06:14:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Homeland Security is working citizen. 
Salvadorans Liable in Torture Case
Article about the findings of a Florida jury in a civil suit against two retired generals, now resident in the US, who were responsible for atrocities while they were members of the US-backed military regime that ran El Salvador during the 1980s ( AP via Miami Herald )
See also this blog entry from last month
Exiled Salvadorean military chiefs face atrocity trial
Article about a civil action brought in Florida against former high-ranking members of the US-backed military regime that ran El Salvador during the 1980s
( Guardian )
See also this article by Yolanda Chávez Leyva from 2000, the CJA website, and this blog entry from April
FOR LINKS
Aussie beats terror rap
By DAMON JOHNSTON in New York
AUSTRALIAN backpacker Adam Hart has dodged up to 10 years behind bars and been slapped with a seven-day prison sentence.
  Bacon is Power. -- Frances Knowledge .

@_date: 1999-04-12 06:21:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Could the US Govt stand auditing? 
Ron Pearl and others think not and the UK tax set up is in decay...
Cosy relationship keeps corporates happy but could cost £20bn in taxes
Investigative report indicating that the Inland Revenue's Large Business Office, which is supposed to scrutinise the tax liability of the UK's largest corporations, has been operating with a 'sweeping disregard for the ( Nick Davies via Guardian )
See also these minutes of an LBO meeting with eight 'large corporates' from March, these minutes of an Inland Revenue committee meeting from January, and this blog entry from April available at...
"He who fights with mongo's might take care lest he thereby become a mongo.".

@_date: 1999-04-12 06:52:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Demietrus and the gladiators 
Doesnt say if they had trojans...
Cant be bothered checking their Before I'm attacked I know...
The United States has six percent of the world's population, but has twenty-five percent of the world's prisoners.
and I agree with JJ.
CHICAGO — Jesse Jackson yesterday equated police officers accused of brutality with terrorists, referring to police as the "militia." Top Stories
      "There is a pattern of African Americans being beaten by the militia and killed by the militia," Mr. Jackson said in an interview with the Washington Times. "These are all acts of terror, and we really need to get a definition of terrorism. Unarmed citizens being beaten and killed by the militia is an act of terrorism."
      His statements were made during the 36th annual Rainbow/PUSH Coalition and Citizenship Education Fund Conference. Mr. Jackson is the founder of both groups.
      The remarks repeated similar statements made during a wide-ranging discussion with N'Digo magazine, a 125,000-circulation black weekly in Chicago, in which he said that federal, state and local entities can be responsible for "terrorist" acts.
      In that interview, Mr. Jackson also stated that incarcerations of black men "are part of a growth industry that is making millions of dollars for non-black communities it is a criminal act against humanity."
      The N'Digo interview was part of an annual feature the magazine does on Mr. Jackson for his conference.
      "If terrorism is shooting or killing innocent people, then the police that recently shot at an innocent black couple here in Chicago and were acquitted, despite being under the influence of alcohol, were terrorists," Mr. Jackson said in the interview, which appears in the July 18-24 edition of the magazine.
      He also said that President Bush "is exploiting the fears of Americans and exaggerating incidents, playing the terrorism theme like a one-string guitar."
      "Isn't terrorism the four police officers who beat Rodney King? Or the police that shot Amadou Diallo? What we must do is fight for a definition of terrorism and hold all those who fall under that definition       "I don't think we have become enraged as a people, as journalists, as ministers, as communicators — we just kind of accept what's happening against our own community."
Deuteronomy 23:15: 'You shall not give up to his master a slave who has escaped from his master to you.'

@_date: 1999-04-12 10:37:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The most trusted name in e-security,HAHahahahhaHAH! 
"...Joe Uniejewski, senior vice president, Web Access Management division at RSA Security. "Central, secure manageability is the key to success. We are committed to delivering native, best-of-breed support that allows our customers to capitalize on their IT investments..."SEE
RSA still have cutting edge technology though,right?
Q)How did their recent SEC audit go?
Not sure yet but the SEC is a bushit pussycat and their accountant wasn't Arthur Anderson.(pheuw!)
Q)When does their patent run out?
2004,I think,but they get to keep the 'name'.By then it should be like a company that traded with the old South Africa.
Q)So what are they lying about "The most trusted name in e-security"?
"Its not a lie if you believe in it." P.Trei.no,wait,sorry...that was George Castanza.
Dead tree Nature might be worth a look this 18-july edition.
NATURE REPORTS ON QKD AND id QUANTIQUE
"Quantum cryptography: Can you keep a secret?" In its issue of July 18, Nature reports on the first steps towards commercializing Quantum Key Distribution systems.

@_date: 1999-04-12 14:00:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: DING DONG! the east coast mongo's dead! 
White supremacist William Pierce, author of 'The Turner Diaries,' dies at 68
CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- White supremacist leader William Pierce, whose book "The Turner Diaries" is believed to have inspired Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh, died Tuesday. He was 68.
Pierce died at his compound near Hillsboro, about 140 miles northeast of Charleston, said his business manager, Bob DeMarias. He became ill about three weeks ago from cancer, though he was never diagnosed, DeMarias said.
 >>Pierce made a lot of sense, if one ignored the politically incorrect hyperbole in his writings. <<
Yeah just ignore 99% of it.One nutty racist physicist down...DING DONG the nazi's dead!

@_date: 1999-04-12 23:13:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "WorldCom, Inc. has been a significant reseller for RSA 
From RSA Q2.Loss announcement.Will Trei harder...
Jeff Gliddens been pressganged to right the listing vessel...someone should tell Stream.bomb...
"Jeffrey D. Glidden, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Glidden is responsible for Stream's corporate financial management activities, including treasury management, investor relations and legal affairs. He has more than 20 years of financial expertise. Glidden joined Stream International in 1997 following a six-year tenure at Banyan Systems Incorporated, a directory and messaging software provider. As Treasurer and Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration, Glidden presided over a software revenue increase of $45 million, to a total of $120 million. He helped Banyan complete an IPO in 1992 that raised more than $25 million. Glidden was previously Founder and Vice President of Finance and Administration of Imagitex Inc., a leading image scanning and processing systems developer. During his seven years with the company, Imagitex raised more than $13 million in three rounds of private equity financing. Prior to Imagitex Inc., he was Manager of Corporate Financial Planning on Compugraphic/AGFA Corporation's executive team."FROM
Have a nice flight.

@_date: 1999-04-12 23:25:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Peter Trei,the ugly cypherpunk. 
Peter Trei
"If the people have betrayed the government,
perhaps the government should abolish the
people and elect a new one.- Bertolt Brecht"
Isnt that what they're doing with the Golden shield aided by RSA?
Have a heart TREI.
Geisinger and WBRE TV-28
are committed to improving
your heart health. Join today...
For more information, please call Geisinger CareLink at 1-800-275-6401

@_date: 1999-04-13 00:46:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Freedom of Information applications  
I'm just sending away today for my federal police file and saw this...
Govt 'trying to prevent scrutiny of Net censorship laws'
July 24 2002
The Federal Government is moving to prevent scrutiny of its Internet censorship laws which have been a dismal failure, according to the Australian Democrats.
In a media release, Australian Democrats IT spokesperson, Senator Brian Greig, said these changes would enable any government department to block legitimate public access to records simply by saying the records contained offensive material.
"Currently, the Broadcast Services Act allows the Australian Broadcasting Authority (ABA) to order websites to be banned under a very broad definition, but so far, its excesses have been monitored and curtailed by online civil liberties organisations such as Electronic Frontiers Australia," Senator Greig said.
"To date, this has been done through the legitimate use of the FOI Act. However, the Government's proposed changes to the FOI laws mean the ABA will be able to hide behind the Act in all its decisions and be protected from genuine public scrutiny".
"This knee jerk reaction from the Government is a direct response to probing questions from the Australian Democrats and the Electronic Frontiers Australia into the workings of the ABA," Senator Greig said.
"Back in 1999 changes to the Broadcasting Services Act forcing the ABA to apply unworkable censorship laws to Internet were criticised by the Australian Democrats.
"The application of those unworkable laws was so embarrassing to the Government, it now sees the need to introduce these changes to the FOI

@_date: 1999-04-13 00:57:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Police to go on strike? 
Police claim right to strike
By Paula Doneman and David Potter
July 25, 2002
A NEW industrial battleground has emerged after police union officials yesterday claimed legal advice asserted that the state's 8000 serving officers had the right to strike.	
The advice, which challenged the long-held assumption that police were prohibited from striking, was unveiled in a letter yesterday from the Queensland Police Union to Police Minister Tony McGrady.
The letter was sent hours after the Government cancelled an enterprise bargaining meeting at which a new pay offer was to be tabled.MORE AT...
Victorian police swear an oath of loyalty to the queen that some police say precludes strike action.Didnt stop one station at Frankston taking wildcat actions and in the 1920's the entire state force went off...we live in hope.

@_date: 1999-04-13 02:11:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist Q+A.Q. How would an anarchist society deal with 
ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER Q. How would an anarchist society deal with sexual crimes? A. The standard answer that many anarchists give when confronted with this question is that sexual crimes would decrease in a society based on the free expression of sexuality. Unfortunately this answer doesn¹t even come close to answering the question asked. Whether a more open attitude to sexuality decreases crimes of a sexual nature is difficult to say, what is undeniable is that anarchist societies will have to deal with sexual predators. If the problem is not discussed and guidelines are not set, it¹s probable that sexual crimes will continue to be a major problem in an anarchist community. The epidemic of sexual crimes that have been and continue to be committed against children have to a large degree occurred because adults in a position of authority have had almost unlimited power in their dealings with children. This combined with easy access to children, communities not willing to even discuss the possibility of sexual abuse and a culture of silence which blames the victim for the sexual abuse, combine and set the necessary preconditions for widespread sexual abuse of children. The problem of sexual abuse isn¹t exclusively a patriarchal, heterosexual or homosexual problem, it¹s a problem that exists in all cultures where the division of power is a problem. The greater the power held by an individual, whether in a family setting among workmates or friends in the community or in a institutionalised sense, the greater the level of sexual abuse. Ways in which sexual abuse can be combated, but not eliminated, include education about what is and isn¹t sexual abuse, the breakdown of inequalities between individuals whether institutionalised or non-institutionalised, exposure at the first hint of a problem and promoting individual financial independence. Practical ways of dealing with the possibility of sexual abuse include electing or appointing members of the community who act as points of first call for potential victims if there is a hint of a problem. Individuals within the community having the power to call a meeting to discuss a potential problem. The community involved having the power to set limits on the freedom individuals have who have been accused and found guilty of sexual crimes and long term compulsory counselling. What most experts agree on, is that imprisonment does not alter behaviour. In many cases imprisonment makes the problem worse as many people imprisoned for sexual crimes continue to re-offend when released. Sexual abuse is a universal human problem that has dogged all cultures and all societies. Those societies that openly discuss the problem break down the inequalities that exist between people. They provide an easy framework for reporting the problem and attempt to deal with cases of sexual abuse openly and quickly incorporate counselling and treatment for offenders, as well as restrict re-offenders access to potential victims, are those that have the best chance of managing a problem that poses a challenge for all societes including anarchist societies.
FROM Remind me to send them APster 1.0 when its released.

@_date: 1999-04-13 02:13:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: High Treason 
AUSTRALIAN RADICAL HISTORY THE EUREKA SERIES NO. 25 "THE FIRST HIGH TREASON TRIAL" Hotham decided to hold separate trials for the 13 accused. John Joseph the Afro-American who was accused of firing the first shot that killed Captain Wise, was the first brought to trial. The government believed that a jury would have no trouble convicting a black man. A number of lawyers came forward to help those accused of High Treason. Butler Aspirall and Henry Chapman appeared for Joseph while the Attorney General Stawell represented the Queen. The first clash came with the selection of the jury. The Crown challenged potential Irish jurors and publicans. John Joseph sent the court into a spin when he objected to gentlemen and merchants being selected on the jury. No Irish jurors were picked for jury for Joseph¹s trial. The Crown called two government spies to give evidence, both claimed they saw Joseph in the stockade. Two privates from the 40th regiment claimed they saw Joseph fire the first shot that struck down Captain Wise. The charge against Joseph that had to be proven, was that Joseph had attempted to subvert the authority of the Crown in the colony by wounding and killing her soldiers ­ in other words the Crown had to prove ?treasonable intent". The defence lawyers didn¹t call any witnesses and made much of the point that "a riotous nigger" or a "political Uncle Tom" could have "treasonable intent", leaving it up to the jury to decide if Joseph had any intent to commit treason. The jury returned quickly from their deliberations, finding John Joseph not guilty of High Treason. Pandemonium broke out in the court at the not guilty verdict. The cheering was so loud that Chief Justice Beckett (the residing judge) in a fit of pique, singled out two members of the public gallery and jailed them for a week for contempt of court. "On emerging from the Court house, he was put in a chair and carried round the streets of the city in triumph" ­ Ballarat Star. Over 10,000 people had come to hear the jury¹s verdict. When you consider that Melbourne¹s population wasn¹t even 100,000, the crowds that had gathered to listen to the jury¹s verdict were an indication of how important many people believed these trials were. FROM Shades of crispus attucks.

@_date: 1999-04-13 02:14:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Habeus Corpus 
CHARGE THEM OR RELEASE THEM!! Two Australian citizens Mr. Hicks and Mr. Habib are United States prisoners at Camp X in Cuba. Hicks was arrested in Afghanistan and Habib was arrested in Pakistan. Both men are held as ?hostile combatants¹ by the United States military, outside the jurisdiction of the United States Courts as well as the Geneva Convention on prisoners of war. Over 300 prisoners from many countries are held indefinitely at Camp X by the United States military. If Hicks and Habib have committed crimes, they should be charged with these crimes. If they haven¹t they should be released and should be returned to their families in Australia. After the Second World War, prisoners of war who were not charged with crimes that fell outside the conventions of war, were released and sent home. Those that were charged with crimes were dealt with before military courts or special courts that were set up to deal with the charges. What¹s especially galling about the current situation, is the Federal government¹s inability and unwillingness to offer the normal diplomatic assistance that is offered to Australians who find themselves in difficulty overseas. The Australian government has gone out of its way to ignore the plight of Hicks and Habib, both Australian citizens with families in Adelaide and Melbourne. The German government made representations to the United States government and had its citizens released from Camp X. Why can¹t the Australian government do the same? Hicks¹ and Habib¹s continued detention is directly linked to the Australian government¹s refusal to offer assistance to them because it disagrees with their political philosophy. Hicks¹ and Habib¹s continued detention and the way their case has been handled by the Australian government has important ramifications for all Australians who go overseas, whose political opinions don¹t match the opinions of the government of the day. The Australian government should protect the interests of all its citizens, not just those with similar political viewpoints. The precedent that has been set by the Australian government¹s inaction over the fate of Hicks and Habib, has important ramifications for all Australians who travel overseas.

@_date: 1999-04-14 12:15:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Journalist detained,computer material seized. 
Vietnam: New clampdowns on media. Prominent former Communist party journalist Nguyen Vu Binh was detained on Friday as the country's newly elected parliament was meeting. It says material was taken from his computer and he is under arrest and cannot be contacted.
A California-based organisation, the Democracy Club of Vietnam says he is among a group of dissidents who wrote to the Communist leaders early in July calling for political reforms and the release of political prisoners.
The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists, reported that the writer was taken from his home by police on July 19 and is believed to be in detention somewhere in the capital, Hanoi.
BBC online report.FROM
Also Amnesty attacks Laos for human rights abuse today.

@_date: 1999-04-14 12:20:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The friends of PETER TREI. 
ChinaJiang Zemin.
He makes no bones about wanting to become China's third "Red Emperor". To strengthen his grip on the state, the president launched a campaign to control the media and the Internet. A dozen journalists have been dismissed since early 2001 for tackling controversial subjects such as corruption. To make sure the message got through, in July 2001 the government reminded the country of the "Seven Prohibitions," especially one about "disrupting the work of the Party". As soon as China was awarded the Olympic Games, the president asked his security services to ensure a "healthy Internet". In less than two months, police arrested a dozen cyber-dissidents and closed more than 8,000 cyber-cafés. Described in his official biography as "modest and courteous," Jiang Zemin has never intervened in favour of journalist Wu Shishen, who was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1992. In fact the president personally urged a stiff sentence for him.

@_date: 1999-04-14 12:24:53
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Nano Bomb 
GREY OOZE GALORE!
No Small Matter! Nanotech Particles Penetrate Living Cells and Accumulate in Animal Organs
Article expressing concern about the paucity of 'social, political and regulatory scrutiny' directed toward nanotechnology, in particular the interaction of nano-particles with living tissue ( ETC Group )
See also this Small Times article from March, this EPA research proposal from February, this NANO framing document (3.94MB PDF) from 2000, and the CNST website
LINKS AT
Pommie 'christian socialist' blog.

@_date: 1999-04-14 13:13:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 10 months Isolation for Lompoc prisoner. 
The following is a message from the "December 16th Committee":
July 18, 2002 Update: Political Prisoner Richard Williams
Dear Friends,
For eight of the past ten months, Richard Williams, a Euro-American anti-imperialist political prisoner, has been held in isolation at USP Lompoc in Central California. He is the only political prisoner remaining in administrative segregation since the events of September 11, 2001. Yet, there have been no misconduct charges against him, so we ask, "Why is he in the hole?" See background information below.

@_date: 1999-04-15 03:51:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 802.11 years or life, without parole."I Rob Banks." 
Also Shoeshine boy...
I rob banks...
back to The Entertainment Cartel's Lawmaking Marionettes
Mercury News: Bill would let entertainment industry hack file-sharing networks. A sweeping new anti-piracy bill would give movie studios and record labels legal impunity to hack into file-sharing networks to halt the trade of copyrighted works. Introduced in Congress on Thursday, the bill prompted cries of vigilantism from technology advocates.
It's tempting to write off these kinds of legislative stunts as the idiocy they are. The technical impossibility of getting such a law right is only part of the issue, however, as is the sheer lack of morality in the process.
The bigger problem is the tendency of our lawmakers to bow to their corporate masters. Berman's campaign-finance debt to Hollywood and the rest of the entertainment cartel is understood, and certainly explains his willingness to screw customers.
What's more worrisome is the rest of Congress -- the utter ignorance on the part of most members of the issues. We now live in a society that takes for granted Hollywood's outrageous lies about "intellectual property" and its protection, a society that simply does not understand the value -- the necessity -- of an open, robust public domain and fair use.
Berman's stance is contemptible. Who's going to stop him?
FROM

@_date: 1999-04-15 03:55:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Who do you want to torture today? 
This guy, William Gates, is my age....I've never met him. I hate to pick on him. He's obviously a smart man. Obviously a nicer guy than a lot of his competitors. Physically killed and ate all of his competitors. The older he gets, the uglier he gets.
It's all about fear, uncertainty and hate. Where do you want to go today to give us some money?
The man seems troubled. He has a guilty conscience. Financing third-world kids. Palladium-secuirty state. An operating system that fears and hates you.
Like an airport. They still expect you to spend money in there.
Where to you want to go today? Men with automatic weapons. Surveillance cameras all over the place. You can't sob as you kiss your mother goodbye at the airport, because it's all on videotape. Then a security check, assumes you've swallowed dynamite and will kill any one you see.
That's the contemporary computer system. Razor-thin returns on investment. Can't innovate. If you do it will be swept up into Microsoft OS (or Apple).
Largest legal destruction of wealth in history. VCs should admit it. Swaggering tech CEOs a race of slaves, like deer in market's headlights.
Moral choices keep getting starker. Even free software guys spend most of their time aping commercial software.
Free software still has an almost pirate state of mind. GNU's Not Linix? What are you, then? Something childish about that.
Not as bad as the scene in commercial software. There's no reason to buy Microsoft software that spies on you. Do you want ot make Jack Valenti the king of your box and Mickey Mouse your commissar?
Why do you put up with viruses? Not just infecting your girlfriend, boys, you get your mom, your five-year old daughter. Why don't you teach your 11-year-old daughter not to click on that attachment? Because she's your 11-year-old daughter, moron.
My posting software just crapped out for a few minutes, which means that I lost a bunch of this talk. So I'm just going to listen.

@_date: 1999-04-15 05:51:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "The SS is evil,cryptoanarchy is king." 
Shit,I hope I dont get into trouble for saying that...or looking at ...SKEETER'S PATENTED BLOWJOB POSITION
Wanker Wang Posts: That fucking Skeeter Kerkove is a fucking psychotic motherfucker. Not only does he look like a member of the Hell's Angels but he somehow manages to get his girls to perform some of the most revolting, vile sex positions I've ever seen. Check out the thumbnails above to see how he uses a modified, self-hogtied, throat fuck position on poor little Ashley Blue there. I'm fucking sick to my stomach. You want to puke? Visit this nutcase's insanity at It gets worse...
Bridgette Kerkove Has Baby Girl; Signs Python Deal
One-time performer of the year Bridgette Kerkove is productive both on and off camera. Last Sunday Bridgette
gave birth to a baby girl Kaylynn Ashley. Bridgette was at Nikita Denise's house when she went into labor. Bridgette isn't back from the hospital yet so we took an opportunity to chat with Skeeter Kerkove
Gene: What's cooking now that we don't have Harry at Metro to kick around any more.
Skeeter: I don't know. He's gone but I'm still shooting my filth, doing double anals, d.p.'s and love stories like that- anal fistings.
Gene: You just sent me some pretty wild pix
Skeeter: They're from my last shoot for Metro- Skeeter Kerkove's Teen Patrol 2. We're going for the young look, and there's some serious ass-fucking, cause everything I shoot is anal. I just love girls' butts. I just want to squeeze 'em and love 'em.
Gene: Us real men do.
Skeeter: That's right. And every girl gets a fist up the ass. We've had all kinds of love stories- beer bottles, and lit candles and clothespins on the nipples. This new one stars Ashley Blue, Melanie, Julianna, Flick Shagwell and Ashley Long. The only girl who didn't get a fist in her butt was Flick. But I had her very busy in a d.p. with Erik Everhard and Manual. The last time I filmed her she had done it. We just wanted to do something different this time. I had Flick on two little 12x12 plastic tables in the hogtied position with Erik Everhard plowing down in her ass with Manual getting his b.j. Then they'd switch around and keep the ATM machine going. Use your ATM machine whenever you have the opportunity. It don't cost nothing.
Gene: You're doing the anals with these girls hogtied?
Skeeter: Yes. It's a tricky position but once the guys get going it's Gene: That pushes the boundaries because you're mixing sex with a hint of Skeeter: Yeah, and I like it because when was the last time you saw this position done. This is giving me my little trademarked thing where I'm having all the girls do this.
Gene: The content of what you're doing seems so atypical of Metro.
Skeeter: Yes, and that's what helps make it a better love story. It's a whole different trip. But why I also get out of it- believe it or not- is a really good cable version. We get all of that done in 16 minutes with a lovely striptease, some French kissing and two sex positions. Then we're ready for insanity. I also use Mark Davis in every movie. Tom Byron likes doing that and there's a reason for it because that's the type of performer Davis is. And I finally got Erik Everhard which made me happy. Alex Sanders and Jay Ashley have also been just wonderful. I use jay Ashley in every single movie- no matter what I need him to do he does it the whole time with rock, solid wood. These guys just tear it up. Sam over at Metro has been so totally cool with me, he lets me do whatever I want. I'm doing two lines a month for them now and will probable be starting a third one when Bridgette gets back. I want to do an interracial line. I love that more than anything. If you remember in 1999 Bridgette did more interracial than anybody. She was doing Lex and Byron Long and Mark Anthony every chance she could get.
We also signed a contract with Python last week for a Bridgette Kerkove licensing agreement to sell the bkmax.com product of movies that Bridgette and I own exclusively- like Bridgette Kerkove's Bedtime Stories, Pussy Playground, Bubblegum Bimbos- so we're excited about that. I'll put her name out there on hundreds of websites. And her toy deal with Forbidden Fruit is going real good. It's just such an expensive toy that they're going to wholesale it out more.
Gene: You're brand new daughter's got a built-in porn name. So what's going to happen if one of these days one of your daughters comes up to you and says she wants to do porno. What would you tell her.
Skeeter: I would cry. Just like I would if they told me they went to get a tattoo. That's one thing- I don't want any of my children to get a tattoo.
Makes the Osbornes kinda look like ozzie and harriet doesn't it?

@_date: 1999-04-15 05:58:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Protect the code at all costs! 
DAVE CUMMINGS CRANKS IT UP A NOTCH
Dave Cummings Writes: I applaud your intent to expose the "Scumbags in the Industry". It seems to have gotten a lot worse these past couple of years, perhaps somewhat due to guys obtaining digital cameras and camcorders and thinking that they can use them to con girls and/or get laid. Some scumbags seem to have fallen for their own wishful fantasy that any porn girl walking down the street will surely want to suck each and every cock she can find along the way --- because adult actresses are a cross-section of society, not many fit the mold that many scumbags falsely believe in.
I hope you can find a way to legally (i.e., without subjecting you or your sources to slander/libel suits) get the names of the scumbags, and how they operate, listed publicly so that the girls will have an "ombudsman" place on your site to check so they can steer away from such predators! Your intended project is very necessary and I hope you will vigorously pursue it; and, rather than merely a one-time posting of accumulated input form the girls and others, I hope that continuing updates will ensue indefinitely. Thanks for looking out for the women of our Industry!
Paul Flashburn Writes: I'm getting ready to write my first shoot piece over the weekend regarding scumbag  At the same time, I think it's important to praise people in the industry who are class acts as well for a bit of the old yin and yang. I have no problem writing about people with whom I've had personal experiences with or verified by numerous sources. But the people of the adult industry have to take a stand and be willing to voice their dealings with people and let it be known. Don't be the silent majority. Speak up and have the courage to do so. If it's based on experience, these 'public figures' can't hide behind vague threats of lawsuits without making them look more idiotic in the long run.

@_date: 1999-04-15 07:07:32
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: APster in roaring 1920's England 
True story...he had munchausens but said something about starting up an assassination bureau to his acquaintance.This is mentioned in a john Mortimer book.
"Famous Trials."
Haven't written review yet.True became games director at broadmoor,a position he held for many years.

@_date: 1999-04-15 07:14:49
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anne Coulter sodomized 40 times in one night! 
Or was it catherine M?
This is a hastily scrawled inventory of one woman's lovers -- and they are a cast of thousands. She takes on groups of men with every orifice.
Catherine Millet has provided us with a quite remarkable insight into a certain kind of female sexuality. With remarkable frankness, she leads the reader through an extraordinary range of experiences with a good deal of self-reflection, very little moralizing and a total lack of political correctness (hooray!). While there is an obvious inclination to focus on the extremes of her sexual behavior that go well beyond the normal range of experiences of most of us, in fact the majority of the book explores the nitty gritty of the kinds of activity that are much more mainstream. And perhaps we can be grateful that someone else has done the dirty work of accumulating the range of experiences necessary to make the insights This is not a work of erotica, in my opinion. And if an open discussion of sexual activity between consenting adults makes you uneasy or worse, or offends your morals, don't read this book. But, if you think you might enjoy an unprecedented, direct and thoughtful consideration of the sexuality of a very interesting woman, this book comes highly recommended
The Sexual Life of Catherine M.

@_date: 1999-04-16 13:42:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mayor Wellington Webb has earned killfiling. 
Mayor's Office
1437 Bannock Street, ST 350 Denver, CO 80202
mayorden at ci.denver.co.us
Listen up you jerk,monies raised in cyberspace are now being pooled and will be paid to the person or persons unknown that most closely predict your permanent retirement from politics.Care to contribute? (My 2 c)
APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 1999-04-16 14:14:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Weather report 
"You don't need a Weatherman to know which way the wind is blowing; and you don't need a rectal thermometer to know who the assholes are in the Movement."

@_date: 1999-04-16 15:26:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Airline screener specs: got 4x4 matrix multiplication?  
Watch those linda blair lookalikes!
 >>Being schooled in the cognitive sciences, we are most amused by the requirement that you can rotate (and presumably scale, stretch, bend, etc.) objects in your head. Makes sense though. Mental abilities (e.g., reading, writing, speaking, visual observation, mental rotation)<<
Did I tell you my mom was warned at little rock airport,"Dont joke in the airport! Joking in the airport is a federal offense!"
I think all she said was they didn't find a bomb after being frisked.
"Stop or my mom will shoot!"

@_date: 1999-04-16 15:40:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: No Borders  
STRASBOURG: A WORLD WITHOUT BORDERS Jul 26 2002
Bordercamp Grows Despite Ban on Protests
All actions and demonstrations relating to the bordercamp in Strasbourg were declared illegal on Wednesday, July 24. That day, a demonstration for freedom of movement was attacked with pepper spray, baton charges and tear gas, with more than ten arrests and multiple injured protestors. The ban of assembly was enforced on July 25 when media activists from the Publix Theatre Caravan and Indymedia were removed from the Strasbourg city center. Demonstrations have continued despite the ban, however, with prison solidarity actions and street theater.
This camp initiated by the NoBorder network, and organized by activists from across Europe. It opened on July 19, and has included demonstrations, workshops, and discussions around the central demand of 'Freedom of Movement and Settlement' for all persons. The camp's goal is to bring together activists, migrants and artists from across Europe in a laboratory of creative resistance and civil disobedience.
Read reports and view photos from the camp - July 22 [ 1 | 2 | photos ] - July 23 [ 1 | 2 ] - July 24 [ 1 | 2 | 3 | photos ] - July 25 [ 1 | 2 | 3 | photos | video ] - July 26 [ 1 | 2 | 3 ]

@_date: 1999-04-18 05:51:04
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: RSA IS helping America's "Golden Shield!" Unfuckingbelievable! 
"...Victor Chang, vice president of the developer solutions/encryption division at RSA Security. "Array Networks' integrated platform architecture and advanced technology roadmap provide an exceptional opportunity for RSA Security technology to provide key security capabilities in next-generation networking products."
About Array Networks
Headquartered in Campbell, California with sales offices in China,
China's largest CDN provider ChinaCache chooses Array Networks over F5 Networks and CacheFlow
More than 50 Array 1000 Web Traffic Managers to help ChinaCache serve 95 Percent of China's growing population of Internet users. Single Array 1000 handles more than 320 Million requests within five days during the Soccer World Cup.
Golden shield over America?

@_date: 1999-04-18 08:52:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: political abuse of judicial psychiatry in China, from 2000 
Psychiatrists to join protest over bill
Article about a planned march on Whitehall by psychiatrists and 'mental health user groups', in protest against a draft mental health bill described as 'a public order bill dressed up as mental health legislation'
( Guardian )
See also this text (1.96MB PDF) of the draft bill, this summary of changes to the existing law from the Royal College of Psychiatrists, and this joint statement by the Royal College of Psychiatrists and the Law Society, all from last month, and this paper by Robin Munro (PDF) about the political abuse of judicial psychiatry in China, from 2000
Wonder what the ROYAL colleges position on female and catholic succession discrimination is? (Ilegal in the EU .)

@_date: 1999-04-18 10:57:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Jim Bell System. 
by Robert Vroman
Ed. note: This article reflects the views of the author ONLY, not the editors. We have no official opinion whatsoever on the Jim Bell System, aka Assassination Politics. Please see also Bob Murphy's response to this article.
(Stuff rehashed from the archives circa 96.)
Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell.

@_date: 1999-04-18 13:04:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Sacco and Vanzetti,A mob-FBI hit. 
Mob Informant Scandal Involved Highest Levels of FBI # # Saturday, July 27, 2002 # # BOSTON - For more than 20 years, FBI headquarters in Washington # knew that its Boston agents were using hit men and mob leaders # as informants and shielding them from prosecution for serious # crimes including murder, the Associated Press has learned. # # Until now, the still-unraveling Boston FBI scandal has been # portrayed largely as the work of a handful of local agents - # mavericks willing to deal with the devil to bring down a Mafia # family. # # But documents obtained by the AP directly connect FBI headquarters # to a pattern of collusion with notorious killers. # # The AP found 20 memos from Boston agents to the FBI director's # office, along with six replies, showing that headquarters was # told of the abuses and condoned them. # # Written between 1964 and 1987, the memos made it clear to # Washington that the informants had killed and were likely to # kill again, describing one of them as "the most dangerous # individual known" in the Boston area. The memos also alerted # headquarters that two of the informants were crime bosses, active # "at the policy-making level" of criminal enterprises in Boston. [snip]

@_date: 1999-04-18 13:15:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "The Quickening" 
A draft government report says we will alter human evolution within 20 years by combining what we know of nanotechnology, biotechnology, IT and cognitive sciences. The 405-page report sponsored by the US National Science Foundation and Commerce Department, Converging Technologies for Improving Human Performance, calls for a broad-based research program to improve human performance leading to telepathy, machine-to-human communication, amplified personal sensory devices and enhanced intellectual People may download their consciousnesses into computers or other bodies even on the other side of the solar system, or participate in a giant "hive mind", a network of intelligences connected through ultra-fast communications networks. "With knowledge no longer encapsulated in individuals, the distinction between individuals and the entirety of humanity would blur," the report says. "Think Vulcan mind-meld. We would perhaps become more of a hive mind - an enormous, single, intelligent entity."
Armies may one day be fielded by machines that think for themselves while devices will respond to soldiers' commands before their thoughts are fully formed, it says. The report says the abilities are within our grasp but will require an intense public-relations effort to "prepare key organisations and societal activities for the changes made possible by converging technologies", and to counter concern over "ethical, legal and moral" issues. Education should be overhauled down to the primary-school level to bridge curriculum gaps between disparate subject areas.
Professional societies should be open to practitioners from other fields, it says. "The success of this convergent-technologies priority area is crucial to the future of humanity," the report says.

@_date: 1999-04-19 00:44:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Quantum cryptography: Can you keep a secret? RSA is DOA. 
Quantum cryptography: Can you keep a secret?
Practical products are about to emerge from the weird world of quantum mechanics. Erica Klarreich finds out how quantum cryptography made it from the lab to the marketplace
The Enigma code machine, used by the German military during the Second World War, was a masterpiece of complexity. Each letter of the alphabet was encoded by a system of wheels that could be set in an almost endless array of configurations, creating a seemingly unbreakable cipher. But Enigma had a chink in its armour.
Messages could not be decoded unless the receiver knew which wheel settings the sender had used. Users exchanged this information, known as a key, at the beginning of the message and encoded it using another, prearranged, key. But security for this second key was not perfect. Enigma users changed it only once a day. After cracking a few messages by focusing on commonly used words, code-breakers could tease out the second key and decipher all of the day's transmissions.
More then half a century later, secret messages are still only as secure as the keys used to encrypt them. Sensitive data are exchanged every day, yet no one has developed a system that ensures that the keys to these messages are absolutely secure.
This may soon change. Companies are close to marketing cryptographic systems that use quantum mechanics to offer absolute security — guaranteed by the laws of physics. Devices that can securely transmit keys through fibre-optic cables may soon be available. And it might eventually be possible to transmit quantum keys using satellites, allowing users across the world to form secure connections.
The keys used to encrypt most messages, such as those used to exchange credit-card information over the Internet, are themselves encrypted before being sent. The schemes used to disguise keys are thought to be secure, because cracking them would take too long for even the fastest computers. The widely used RSA algorithm is one example. Anyone wanting to receive a message publishes two numbers, one of which is the product of two very large prime numbers. Senders convert their message into a series of digits, and perform a simple mathematical calculation on the series using the publicly available numbers. Messages are deciphered by reversing the Prime movers
This is easy to do if you know the values of the prime numbers, which are not published. An eavesdropper can, in principle, work them out, but for big enough numbers this would take millions of years with the computing power available today.
The future performance of such systems depends on estimates about the speed of future computers, and such guesses have proved wrong is the past. In 1977, for example, Scientific American challenged computer scientists to decode a message encrypted using a 129-digit number1. Ron Rivest, a computer scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and one of RSA's creators, estimated that it would take 4  1016 years to factor such a number. But in 1994, a team of computer scientists and amateur volunteers managed to decipher the message by applying 1,600 computers to the problem over a period of eight months2.
In the same year, computer scientist Peter Shor of AT&T Labs in Florham Park, New Jersey, described a new kind of threat. Shor was interested in quantum computers — hypothetical machines that should be able to carry out a large number of calculations simultaneously. He showed that if such a computer is ever built, it will be able to factor large numbers rapidly, and could quickly crack all the commonly used public key systems3.
A quantum computer or new factoring technique might not come along for decades. But some secrets encrypted today, such as the design of nuclear weapons, will still be important then. "We have to assume that any information encrypted today is probably being recorded by eavesdroppers in the hope that it will be of value 10 or 20 years into the future," says Richard Hughes, a physicist at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico who works on quantum cryptography. "If they have quantum computers, they'll be able to look at information encrypted today and learn useful things from But while quantum computers remain no more than an interesting possibility, another quantum technology could soon be ensuring total security. In quantum mechanics the act of measurement changes the properties of the very thing being measured. This is a boon to cryptologists, because it means that eavesdroppers cannot listen to certain types of information without leaving an unmistakable disturbance.
Polarized opinion
G. RIBORDY/UNIV. GENEVA
Light work: keys encoded using polarized photons have been sent between Alice and Bob (top) through 67 km of fibre-optic cable under Lake Geneva.
The details of a quantum cryptography system were first described in 1984 by theoretical physicists Gilles Brassard of the University of Montreal in Canada and Charles Bennett of IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights, New York4. In their scheme, Alice sends Bob a series of ones and zeros, which are used to generate the key. Each 'bit' is represented by a photon of light with one of four possible polarizations: horizontal, vertical or one of the two diagonals. Alice and Bob agree that a horizontal polarization corresponds to a zero and a vertical polarization corresponds to a one, and make a similar decision for the two diagonal Quantum mechanics says that Bob can either look to see whether the photon is horizontally or vertically polarized, or which of the diagonal polarizations it has, but he cannot do both. When a photon arrives at Bob's end, he randomly chooses which of the two types of orientation to test for. If Alice has sent a vertically polarized photon and Bob makes a horizontal–vertical measurement, he will discover the polarization correctly and read off a one.
But if Bob makes a diagonal measurement, the vertical polarization of the photon lies exactly midway between the orientations he is looking for. The photon will instantly switch to one of the diagonal polarizations, each with the same probability, and Bob has an equal chance of recording a one or a zero. Bob will also get a random result if he makes a horizontal–vertical measurement on a diagonally polarized photon.
At the end of the transmission, Bob knows he has correctly measured the polarizations of about half of the photons, but doesn't know which ones. So Bob contacts Alice on a channel that doesn't have to be secure, and tells her which type of measurement he made for each photon, but not the outcome of those measurements. Alice tells him which measurements were correct. They discard the incorrectly measured photons, and keep the rest for their key.
To make sure that a third party, Eve, hasn't listened in to their original exchange, Alice and Bob next sacrifice a small amount of their key and check it over the public channel for errors. If Eve has been assessing the polarization of the photons somewhere between Alice and Bob, she will have changed the polarization of about half of them. This makes about one in every four entries in Bob's key different from those that Alice sent — a clear indication that Eve has been snooping. And there is no way consistent with the laws of physics for Eve to cover her tracks.
In reality, noise in the channel through which the photons pass introduces a small number of errors into the transmission. So a clever eavesdropper could gain some information about the key by measuring such a small number of photons that Alice and Bob cannot distinguish the errors this introduces from those caused by noise. Alice's single-photon generator could also cause problems by occasionally sending out two photons instead of one. Eve can divert and measure one of the photons, while allowing the other to proceed to Bob. But in each case, Bob and Alice can generate a new key by applying an algorithm to their existing key. Eve, who is missing the bulk of the original key, cannot hope to predict the outcome of this algorithm.
Gilles Brassard (left) and Charles Bennett laid the foundations of quantum In 1989, a team led by Bennett and Brassard built a working device, and sent photons through the air to a receiver about 30 centimetres away5. By the mid-1990s, other groups were sending encrypted keys through tens of kilometres of optical fibre. And over the past few years, the first steps towards commercializing such systems have been taken. "Quantum cryptography is very much a reality," says Brassard.
Gone in a flash
Last October, a group of physicists at the University of Geneva in Switzerland launched a company called id Quantique, which will supply a system integrating the cryptography hardware — photon sources and detectors, and fibre-optic connections — needed to exchange keys. In March this year, they used the system to send single photons through 67-km telecommunication cables running under Lake Geneva6. "The system is very stable, and has the potential to be very fast," says Nicolas Gisin, a member of the team.
MagiQ Technologies, a New York firm that specializes in quantum technologies, is trying to a build a system in which the discussion about which photons have been received correctly is streamlined and integrated with the photon generators, detectors and fibre-optics. The firm hopes to market a full quantum-cryptography system by early next year.
MagiQ and id Quantique's systems are designed to connect users who are linked by a single dedicated fibre, but other groups are working on systems that can support a network of users. Last September, BBN Technologies, an information-technology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, began a five-year collaboration with teams at Boston and Harvard universities to build a quantum network connecting the three institutions. Photons will be routed round the network using mirrors. "The mirrors send the photon along without measuring it, so they don't create the kind of disturbance an eavesdropper would," explains Chip Elliott, an engineer at BBN.
Working devices may soon be on the market, but that does not mean that the engineers involved can rest on their laurels. Reliable single-photon generators, for example, are not yet commercially available. Today's systems, such as those developed by id Quantique, instead use lasers that generate pulses so weak that they almost never contain more than one photon. But at such low intensities, nine out ten attempts to fire a photon Current photon detectors also present some problems. To spot a single photon, the detectors must be so sensitive that they will sometimes register photons that are not there. Even then, they will typically miss 90% of the transmitted photons. What's more, many photons are absorbed by the optical fibre and never make it to the receiver. "We send five million bits per second, but by the time we get done with all the detectors and the specialized protocols that shorten the key during the public discussion, we get somewhere between 100 and 1,000 bits per second," says Elliott.
But this is enough for cryptographic uses. The Advanced Encryption Standard, the encryption algorithm used by the US government, uses a key with a maximum of 256 bits. A key distribution that sends 500 bits per second would allow users to change the key roughly twice per second, more than ample for most purposes.
The distance that the key can be transmitted is a more important technical limitation. Most experts agree that the Geneva group's 67-km transmission is close to the maximum that can be achieved with current technology. Beyond about 80 km of cable, too few photons make it from Alice to Bob. Both id Quantique and MagiQ are reluctant to discuss who is interested in their products, but this limitation means that the first users are likely to be organizations that want to transfer highly secret material within a single city, such as government offices, banks and businesses.
Long-range forecast
The range could be extended by devices that strengthen the signal as it passes by, like those used to send telephone conversations over long distances. But unlike telephone repeaters, quantum versions would have to bolster the signal without measuring the photons. "A repeater that doesn't measure was thought to be impossible in the early 1980s, but since then scientists have shown that it is feasible in principle," Brassard says. "But we're nowhere near the technology to build one."
Satellites could provide an alternative means of achieving long-distance transmission. Hughes' team at Los Alamos is developing a key-distribution system that sends single photons through open air. So that the photons can be distinguished from all the others bombarding the detector, the team uses various techniques to filter the incoming light. The detector only accepts photons within a narrow range of wavelengths — about 0.1 nanometres — and ignores photons that arrive from angles outside a window of about a hundredth of a degree. A bright pulse of light is also sent 100 nanoseconds ahead of each photon, cueing the detector to expect the next signal.
In the air: Richard Hughes has sent a photon-encrypted code from a laser source (circled, inset) to a receiver.
"When we threw in these three filters, we could get the amount of light down to the level where we could detect the photons we wanted, even if the Sun was shining directly on the receiver," says Hughes. In a paper published this month7, Hughes and his colleagues describe how they sent keys over a distance of 10 km with rates similar to those achieved using optical fibres.
Ten kilometres is still a long way short of the hundreds of kilometres between the Earth's surface and satellites. But because air turbulence, the factor that most disrupts the photons, occurs predominately in the lower two kilometres of the atmosphere, Hughes believes his system should be able to send signals to satellites. "I don't see any showstoppers at all to doing this from ground to satellite," he says. The team is now trying to make the receiver light and sturdy enough to fit in a satellite and survive a rocket launch.
Combined with optical fibres, satellites could eventually form part of a long-distance transmission system. In the shorter term, the technology might help to protect the security of satellite television broadcasts. In one embarrassing breach, a hacker known as Captain Midnight interrupted a 1986 broadcast by US company Home Box Office and sent over half of the company's customers a five-minute broadcast of a message complaining about the firm's new subscription charges.
Quantum cryptography may soon be helping to prevent similar lapses, and to protect sensitive transmissions. Within the next few months, such systems could start encrypting some of the most valuable secrets of government and industry. Cryptography is about to lose its Achilles' heel.
ERICA KLARREICH
Erica Klarreich is journalist in residence at the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in California.
References 1. Gardner, M. Sci. Am. 237, 120-124 (1977). | ISI |
2. Atkins, D., Graff, M., Lenstra, A. K. & Leyland, P. C. in Advances in Cryptology -- ASIACRYPT '94 (eds Pieprzyk, J. & Safavi-Naini, R.) 263-277 (Springer, Heidelberg, 1995).
3. Shor, P. W. in Proc. 35th Annu. Symp Foundations Comp. Sci. (ed. Goldwasser, S.) 124-134 (IEEE Computer Society Press, Los Alamitos, California, 1994).
4. Bennett, C. H. & Brassard, G. in Proc. IEEE Int. Conference on Computers, Systems & Signal Processing 175-179 (IEEE Press, Los Alamitos, California, 1984).
5. Bennett, C. H., Bessette, F., Brassard, G., Salvail, L. & Smolin, J. J. Cryptol. 5, 3-28 (1992).
6. Stucki, D., Gisin, N., Guinnard, O., Ribordy, G. & Zbinden, H. New J. Phys. 4, 41 (2002). | Article |
7. Hughes, R. J., Nordholt, J. E., Derkacs, D. & Peterson, C. G. New J. Phys. 4, 43 (2002). | Article |
FROM NATURE,REG REQUIRED.

@_date: 1999-04-19 01:47:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Free our friends 
Holding terror suspects breaches rights, rules tribunal
July 31 2002
A British tribunal today ruled that detention without trial here of nine foreign terror suspects under emergency laws imposed after the September 11 attacks breached European human rights regulations.
The Special Immigration Appeals Commission said Britain's new anti-terrorism powers, rushed through in December, were "not only discriminatory and so unlawful ... but also disproportionate".
In a ruling which dealt a blow to the government, commission chairman Andrew Collins said the laws were unfair because they allowed the detention of foreign nationals only, even though British citizens may have been equally involved with terrorist organisations.
It therefore breached the European Convention on Human Rights.
Front page pics of whales in sidney harbour.
Rogue Terror State USA still holds 2 au citizens in cruel and unusual conditions,no charges at camp z-ray.Those responsible may be held accountable.

@_date: 1999-04-19 02:00:49
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Article on file encryption options 
A Swiss company named id Quantique is already selling a device that performs over fiber networks what it calls quantum key distribution. Eat your heart out peter Trei.

@_date: 1999-04-19 02:14:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CIAs Torture options.1.Outsource. 
US ships Al Qaeda suspects to Arab states
Article about the US Government's 'quiet practice of shipping key Al Qaeda suspects to the Middle East for interrogation' ( CSM )
See also this blog entry from March

@_date: 1999-04-19 02:21:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Free jeff Luers-Burn your SUV. 
SUV thread at NC: In Honor of Jeff Luers
In Honor of Jeff Luers. ... UPDATE: Jeff "Free" Luers was sent to the Two Rivers Correctional
Facility in Eastern Oregon to serve his nearly 23 year sentence. ...
 - 5k - Cached - Similar pages

@_date: 1999-04-19 02:31:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Top stars getting extortion calls,a hopeful trend. 
Even 'B' grade actors like Stephen Seagal The day after, fear stalks Bollywood
MUMBAI: A day after the Mumbai police released tapes of Sanjay Dutt-Chhota Shakeel conversation, fear gripped tinsel town after revelations that several top stars had been getting extortion calls.
Hear the Bollywood tapes: Tape 1 | Tape 2 | Tape 3 | Tape 4
(Note: The tapes contain abusive language)
Destroying Hollywood and Detroit combines would now appear to assume priority.

@_date: 1999-04-19 03:36:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrub cant wait to get back to Texas roots. 
Gene: Do you do anal.
Jessie: Yes I do.
Gene: You just raised the value of your real estate. When was the first time you tried it.
Jessie: It was with my ex fiance in Texas. You know that old saying- everything's big in Texas.
Gene: Yeah and how was that steer going in your ass.
Jessie: Real well. I like it. If the guy knows how to do it, it feels really good. I'll orgasm if I'm really attracted to the guy. I can get off ten or fifteen times.

@_date: 1999-04-19 09:17:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: SWAT teams into journalists' homes,Ho hum. 
You can run to C-span Declan,but you cant hide.
CIA Expert: Leaks of Classified Information Must Stop Dave Eberhart, NewsMax.com Saturday, July 27, 2002 WASHINGTON - "We've got to do whatever it takes - if it takes sending SWAT teams into journalists' homes - to stop these leaks," admonished James B. Bruce, vice chairman of the CIA's Foreign Denial and Deception Committee.

@_date: 1999-04-19 10:00:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Operation northwoods in Moscow? 
Operation northwoods in Moscow? (just south of sunny latvia.)
"...accusation against the FSB the main event of this summer».
SEE ALSO
FSB strikes back at ex-agent Litvinenko
Russia's Federal Security Service distributed photographs Friday purportedly showing a suspect in deadly 1999 bombings with a rebel warlord it claims paid him to organize the blasts - a day after an ex-security agent claimed the suspect had professed his innocence.....(The Russia Journal, 27 July 02)
Homeland security at your service.

@_date: 1999-04-20 04:41:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA  
>>... I now have to trust that a powerful third party, over
which I have no control, and which does not necessarily have
my interests are heart, will not abuse it's power. I don't
want to have to do that.
Peter Trei<<
A hell of a lot of Chinese have to do that,peter,you fucking know that and yet still keep working for RSA,a part of the 'golden shield.Wake up and smell what your shovelling.
 >>Disclaimer: The above represents my personal opinion only. Do
not misconstrue it as representing anyone elses.<<
Afraid of some office politics? I haven't snitched you out yet for writing to this list,thats more than you gave cj.
FUCK off and DIE!

@_date: 1999-04-20 04:53:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Radio CATO 
David has invited me on the show tonight... To find a local radio station
in the U.S. that carries it (910AM in San Francisco, for instance), visit:
Online Tonight with David Lawrence
The audio stream will be archived in Windows Media format and online about
an hour after the show.Hour 1: I'll believe it when I hear it.
Declan McCullagh of CNET's News.com, pictured here, claims to be available for the show.
He apparently made it this time.
Declan's beat is DC, politics and technology, and he loves to skewer people who are in positions of power over technologists, making laws and passing regulations about technology, who in general have no collective clue about what technology's station is in our lives.
He tends to lean libertarian, he tends to take up the cause du jour of hackers and netizens, sometimes without thinking, and will always publish pros and cons as well as personal experiences.
His recent escapades with a guy who sent him (as well as others) his resume is on the other side of the fence: his reception of a bulk spam from Costa Rica, which he forwarded to the abuse account at Yahoo (from whence it came) as well as the spammer himself, caused the spammer to then report him to a series of blacklists, who all shoot first and ask questions later. If at all.
We talk about the power that these blacklists have and the space we've now occupied in the ongoing battle between spammers and legitimate online Also, I'm on CNET Radio just about every day around 9:45 am ET:

@_date: 1999-04-20 05:40:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Take an anti-Brin pill and chill. 
Funny piece on 'data nudity' and how to fig leaf it.
"If the Nuremberg laws were applied today, then
every Post-War American president would have to
be hanged."
— Noam Chomsky.

@_date: 1999-04-20 06:11:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: George W. Bush, Defence Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, 
...need killing of course,WE MEAN IT MAAAAN!
innocent au citizens held in cages.
Hicks lawyer hints at appeal
THE lawyer for Australian David Hicks has flagged an appeal against a decision denying the alleged al-Qaeda fighter a trial before a United States court.
Stephen Kenny, who represents the Hicks family in Adelaide, today said he would continue to pursue the issue.
"We will continue and we hope that the full court (of the US Federal Court) will provide a greater sense of justice in this case," he said.
In an overnight ruling, US District Court Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly found the US legal system had no jurisdiction over detainees, including Hicks, 26, held at a US military base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba.
DEATH to AMERIKA!

@_date: 1999-04-20 06:30:49
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Terra phone 
Terror phone link
By MARK DUNN
AN al-Qaeda lieutenant linked to hijacker Mohammed Atta phoned Australian contacts several times before the September 11 attacks.
Imaz Eddin Barakat Yarbas, also known as Abu Dahdah, phoned people in Australia between 1996 and the 2001 attacks on the World Trade Centre and Dahdah, a Syrian whose contact details were found in the diary of one of Atta's subordinates, is now in custody in Spain with several other alleged al-Qaeda members.
Atta died at the controls of American Airlines flight 11, which hit New York's World Trade Centre first, in the attacks that killed 3056 people.
Dahdah reportedly met Osama bin Laden at least twice.
Spanish prosecutors have said one of Dahdah's co-accused, Luis Jose Galan Gonzales, trained in an Indonesian terrorist camp in July last year.
The Spanish indictment alleges the cell's members "had been directly related to the preparation and development of the attacks".
The US State Department has listed Australia as a known country where al-Qaeda has operated.
Attorney-General Daryl Williams has confirmed ASIO is aware of Dahdah's connection to Australia. But Mr Williams' office has refused to release details about what investigations have been conducted or whether individuals have been spoken to about calls they may have received from It is the fourth time evidence of an al-Qaeda operative with Australian contacts has been made public.
Mr Williams' spokeswoman Carina Tan Van Baren said ASIO would not comment on the strength of the Australian links. Visa checks had established none of the 20 named September 11 hijackers had visited Australia under their real names, she said.
Mr Williams' office has also refused to comment further on statements he made in December that two other Australians, aged 25 and 28, had trained with al-Qaeda and were believed missing in Afghanistan.
Those men have been identified as Mathew Stewart of Queensland and Jack Terrence Thomas of Melbourne.
The families of both men have denied their sons' links to the organisation.
The Attorney-General would also not comment on the state of Australian-based businesses or groups it has previously claimed were being monitored for suspected terrorism links.
One organisation in Melbourne, Al Barakat, voluntarily closed after its money transfer business was frozen by Australian Federal Police.
Other al Barakat companies in the US, Somalia and Dubai have been forcibly

@_date: 1999-04-20 06:35:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Slow that SUV! 
Hairdryer ploy used on speeders
August 1 2002
Melbourne residents who used hairdryers like police radar guns to deter speedsters in their suburbs risked fights with motorists, Victoria Police said today.
Assistant Commissioner for Traffic Ray Shuey said local police would be talking to eastern suburbs residents who took the law into their own hands by pointing hairdryers at speeding motorists.
"It's not appropriate from our point of view to engage in that type of activity," he said.
He said the residents were risking altercations with motorists and urged them to look to their own behaviour on the roads first.
"Quite often we have the concept that we don't want people speeding in our side streets," Assistant Commissioner Shuey said.
 print {.nopr {display:none}}
"And yet we're quite prepared to go into other people's side streets and zip around and disregard kids or the elderly or anybody walking in those locations. It's okay to speed everywhere else but not in my patch."
Boroondara City councillor Judith Voce confirmed residents in her ward had been using their hairdryers against motorists.
She said speeding was an endemic problem in the east and residents were angry about "rat-runners" - motorists avoiding Citylink tolls or leaving the main arterials looking for short cuts through the suburbs.
"People did slow down (for the hairdryers)," Cr Voce said.

@_date: 1999-04-20 06:44:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: China dissidents publish declaration of Internet users' 
Peter if you cant get RSA out of the golden shield you should honestly just resign,get a job with the most trusted name in e-Security instead.
APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 1999-04-20 07:05:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: War of the flea 
Finland's Smart Mobs
Howard Rheingold: Helsinki's Aula.The Aula community in Helsinki and cyberspace is still my favorite smart mob - five hundred Finns who design and use mobile media to flock and blog, socialize and collaborate in geographic and virtual places simultaneously. When I spent an evening in June, 2002 with some of the Aula members, I had the opportunity to hang out in the "urban living room for the networked society" they were still constructing when I first met them, a year previously.
Howard's upcoming book, "Smart Mobs", has been getting lots of press lately including this piece in the Washington Post. I visited Aula just before it opened a year ago, and was dazzled by its founders' ideas. Howard has captured perfectly what's happening there.
The smart mobs notion is going to turn into a meme. Count on it.

@_date: 1999-04-20 07:24:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: dans le cul 
Threat to Internet freedom posed by new security law
RSF has expressed its serious concern further to the French government's introduction of a bill concerning the general direction and programme planning of internal security (Loi d'orientation et de programmation sur la sécurité intérieure, LOPSI). The National Assembly adopted the bill at the first reading on 17 July 2002. It outlines the present and future security policies of the Interior Ministry and government as a whole. The Senate will examine the bill on 30 and 31 July.
In a 29 July letter to French Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy, the organisation denounced "the latest step to be taken concerning security matters. [The organisation is] alarmed by the setback for civil, collective and individual rights brought on by this bill."
"It is generally recognised that the Assembly's adoption of the very controversial Law on Daily Security (Loi sur la sécurité quotidienne, LSQ) in November 2001, and the European Parliament's 30 May adoption of the disturbing amendment to the Directive on the Protection of Telecommunications Data and Information have already restricted these fundamental constitutional liberties. This bill threatens to simply erase decades of struggle for their establishment and preservation," stated RSF Secretary-General Robert Ménard.
"We deplore the general climate of surveillance that is introduced by the new measures submitted to the legislature ; the universal climate of suspicion that is encouraged by the fact that, henceforth, each citizen is considered a possible offender or terrorist, and the serious attacks on freedom of expression and the confidentiality of work-related and private correspondence. Our organisation specifically questions the possibility of guaranteeing the confidentiality of journalists' sources, to the extent that data from Internet connections and e-mail exchanges (Internet connection logs) could be requisitioned and examined with disconcerting ease by police officers," underlined Ménard.
These concerns are amplified by the objective outlined in the bill to allow, "judicial police officers, acting in the context of an official investigation, and with a magistrate's authorisation, to gain direct access to computer files and enable the long-distance seizure, via telematic or electronic means, of information that appears necessary to the establishment of the truth". This excerpt refers to the authorities' licence to carry out off-property "searches" of Internet service providers' computer servers, which store logs of users' online activity, and automatically seize the information stored therein.
RSF has, therefore, asked the interior minister :
to specify the exact details of implementation under which the authorities will have access to data from Internet connections, sent and received e-mails and specify the policies governing the "seizure" of personal information ;
to reaffirm his commitment to the protection of the confidentiality of professional exchanges, and especially the basic principle of confidentiality of journalists' sources
to ensure, together with the Justice Ministry, that a sufficient number of magistrates who are experienced with these issues are given the means to deal calmly and impartially with police officers' requests for examination and seizure.
RSF also renewed its 6 June appeal to Internet service providers, asking them not to retain user data, and urged Internet users in general, and journalists in particular, to use cryptography software in order to preserve the confidentiality of their exchanges.

@_date: 1999-04-20 07:30:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Lets HACK!" 
The social hack."...comparisons to the days of civil rights activism, Rosa Parks and the Black Panthers: people fighting for rights they should inalienably have."
"...Civil disobediance is social engineering; it is a hack. Rosa Parks put a clog in the works by doing something no one expected, and modeling a simple, easy to emulate means of protest that soon led to diner sit-ins and boycotts of all kinds. The Black Panthers in Los Angeles expertly manipulated the "rules of the system" to their benefit, policing the police and arming themselves under full protection of law; even Neo, the latter-day hacker icon from The Matrix, could learn a thing or two from the Panthers about making the system work for you."

@_date: 1999-04-20 07:34:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Active2: Anatomy of a Cryptographically Distributed Database,  
Active2Dev - ImcTech MoinMoin Wiki
... A Language for the Active2 Project: Active2Language. Meetings: 2002-04-24
MeetingAgenda2002Apr24 MeetingLog2002Apr24 Meeting2002SummaryApr24. ...
kropotkin.indymedia.org/moin/moin.cgi/Active2Dev - 21k - Cached - Similar Active2Language - ImcTech MoinMoin Wiki
... 1 A Common Language for the Active2 Project. 1.1 Proposal. There are two
global entity-spaces in Active2: the file-space and the user-space. ...
kropotkin.indymedia.org/moin/moin.cgi/Active2Language - 10k - Cached - Similar pages
[ More results from kropotkin.indymedia.org ]
tech.indymedia.org -
... and local indymedia tech collectives. Project Summaries: Periodic imc-tech updates ... Server
Problems? J2 7:39pm. Active2: Understanding the basics of algorithms ...
Description: Maintains a number of GPL'ed codebases as well as a global network of servers and anarchist/hard-left...
Category: News > Politics > Progressive and Left > Indy Media
tech.indymedia.org/ - 22k - 30 Jul 2002 - Cached - Similar pages
tech.indymedia.org - webcast article administration
... 406, showing, Active2: Anatomy of a Cryptographically Distributed Database, meta,
Not ... 369, showing, Post-Active Project IRC meeting, christopher mitchell, Not rated. ...
tech.indymedia.org/display.php3?led=y - 101k - Cached - Similar pages
[ More results from tech.indymedia.org ]

@_date: 1999-04-20 07:39:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: IDQuantique-China rights 
ID Quantique
Id Quantique, a quantum leap for cryptography
Description: Site Of id Quantique, Inc. Products include a quantum random number generator,and a quantum cryptography...
Category: Computers > Computer Science > Theoretical > Quantum Computing
 - 6k - Cached - Similar pages
China's human rights policy, and American criticism of it, have formed a centerpiece of U.S.-China difficulties ever since 1989, when pro-democracy protests on Beijing's Tiananmen Square ended in bloodshed. Hundreds, perhaps thousands, died.
In the years afterward, many in the U.S. Congress demanded that renewal of China's "most-favored nation" trade status be contingent on human-rights progress by the communist government. Most-favored nation status by the United States for China is now permanent.
China insists it is making great progress in its own way and must be given leeway to balance the difficulties of governing 1.3 billion people through a period of great change with what it has acknowledged is the necessity of human rights.
Human rights groups say China's harsh treatment of Tibetans, ethnic Uighurs and members of the Falun Gong spiritual movement demonstrates its lack of progress on the issue.
China and the United States are attending the ASEAN Regional Forum as two of several nations who are not members of the 10-country Association of Southeast Asian Nations but have security interests in the region.
Chinese President Jiang Zemin is scheduled to visit the United States later this year in what many perceive as a farewell trip before his expected

@_date: 1999-04-20 07:54:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Nuclear armed dictatorships and allies.China-Pakistan. 
China modernising Pak infrastructure
PTI [ THURSDAY, AUGUST 01, 2002 11:40:28 AM ]
BEIJING: As part of Beijing's efforts to supplement its strong political and military ties with Islamabad, China is actively helping develop Pakistan's key infrastructure sectors like roads, ports and railways.
The leadership of the two countries during their recent meetings has decided to establish a "comprehensive partnership" in all fields of mutual interest, particularly in the economic field, official sources said. I just spewed coffee out of my nose.

@_date: 1999-04-20 08:00:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrub insults your intelligence and a nuclear armed State. 
Back peddling on whistle blowers and now this...White House defends Bush's omission of Hinduism
WASHINGTON: White House press secretary Ari Fleischer had a tough time explaining why President George W Bush failed to mention Hinduism among the religions practised in the US, even as he asserted that in line with the country's pluralistic traditions, the President had equal regard for people from all faiths.Bush had reportedly failed to list Hinduism among the religions practised in America, though he took Christianity, Judaism and Islam in the reckoning.
Shrub has clearly earned ringbarking.

@_date: 1999-04-20 08:15:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Drop da Bombe! 
The US Navy's Enigma code-breaker, the Bombe, first publicly exhibited the summer of 1990 at the Smithsonian
Would you like to learn more about codes and ciphers, or try your hand at some crypto puzzles?
·       A fun site to visit: ·  Tales of the Encrypted
·       A good information and links page, just titled ·        Enigma, sponsored by a hardward/software firm in the Netherlands
·Just when I thought everything that could be said about WWII cryptography had been said -- ·   Enigma -- The Movie!!!

@_date: 1999-04-20 08:26:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: No wardriving in the war room. 
You cant fight in here!
The Defense Department, concerned that hackers or spies might eavesdrop on classified meetings or secretly track the locations of top U.S. officials, is imposing new limits on its workers' use of the latest generation of wireless devices inside military buildings.
Wonder if these are covered

@_date: 1999-04-20 12:22:07
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: new rulers of the world,review. 
The New Rulers of the World
John Pilger
$19/£10 Verso
ASSUMING US propaganda is accurate, President George W. Bush is intending to bomb Iraq as part of his war on terrorism. If you want to know just how big a mistake that would be, read John Pilger's latest tour de force.
Iraq's 22 million people are already the victims of a 12-year "medieval blockade" imposed by the US and British governments, argues the campaigning journalist. The UN Children's Fund says that these sanctions are the main reason why up to 6000 Iraqi children die every month.
And the justification put about by US intelligence for an attack on Iraq is a myth: there is no evidence that it has any weapons of mass destruction. According to Scott Ritter, a former UN weapons inspector in Iraq, the threat the country poses is "zero".
Pilger also condemns the US bombing of Afghanistan, which one study said killed 3800 civilians between 7 October and 10 December last year. The overthrow of the Taliban regime has brought only minimal change, he says. The amount of time that corpses are hung out in public, for example, has reduced from four days to 15 minutes.
As well as essays on Iraq and Afghanistan, The New Rulers of the World includes writing based on Pilger's TV documentaries about corporate power carving up Indonesia and the apartheid suffered by Aborigines in Australia. They are all empirical, angry and well-referenced; they illustrate his essential argument that the imperial power wielded by rich states and multinational corporations, led by the US, is far more destructive than any terrorist organisation.
The terrible irony is that the US bombing of Afghanistan, and the proposed bombing of Iraq, create and reinforce the very conditions which breed extremism. In the aftermath of 11 September, Pilger points out, the point was powerfully made by Robin Theurkauf, a lecturer in international law at Yale University.
"Terrorist impulses ferment in poverty, oppression and ignorance," she wrote. "The elimination of these conditions and the active promotion of a universal respect for human rights must become a priority." Her husband, Tom, had been killed in the attack on the Twin Towers.

@_date: 1999-04-20 12:34:45
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 2 new books on networks,'linked' and "nexus' 
27 july new scientist dead tree may be worth a squiz in the newsagents...
Reviews of 2 books 'Linked' and 'Nexus'
Popular science,I personally want to identify and target significant nodes.
13 years later New Scientist is living down 'cold fusion'...,just.

@_date: 1999-04-20 13:13:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Linked 
Missed this link!
Albert-Laszlo Barabasi
$26 Perseus
Nexus (Small World in Britain)
Mark Buchanan
$25.95/£18.99 W. W. Norton/Weidenfeld & Nicolson
America's baseball superstar Yogi Berra has a sideline as a man-in-the-street philosopher. His epigram, "It's déjà vu all over again", sprang to mind while I was reading Linked and Nexus. Albert-Laszlo Barabasi and Mark Buchanan deal with the emerging science of networks - how they form, how information and matter move through them, how puzzling aspects of everyday life can be explained by understanding their dynamics.
What's the message, then? Simply that all networks - -the Internet, terrorist groups, multinational industries, interstate highways, Amazonian ecosystems - follow the same simple and powerful rules. The "science of networks" has sprung up to uncover these rules, and provide a firm foundation for the care and feeding of these interconnected patterns.
Curious as to how Google came to be the most popular search engine on the Internet or what it would take to dismantle the Al Qaida terrorist network? The Barabasi volume will tell you. But if you want to understand the spread of infectious disease, how riots form or why the rich always seem to get richer, then Buchanan's treatment is for you.
The mathematician Paul Erdös published over 1500 papers with 507 co-authors before his death in 1996. This prodigious output gave rise to something mathematicians call the "Erdös number," an integer representing the number of steps between Erdös and any given mathematician. Erdös obviously has Erdös number 0. Anyone who wrote a paper with him has number 1. Anyone who co-authored a paper with one of Erdös's co-authors has number 2, and so on. A low Erdös number is a matter of considerable pride among mathematicians, so important in fact that there is a Web page devoted to keeping track of the Erdös number of thousands of mathematicians.
What is quite astonishing is that almost everyone - even a non-mathematicians like Bill Gates - has a very low Erdös number, typically between 2 and 5. This is a quintessential example of what Barabasi and Buchanan call the "small worlds" phenomenon. Basically, this web of science is a small world because it is a highly interconnected web, in which almost all mathematicians are closely linked to each other via a short path of co-authored papers.
The network of mathematicians and their Erdös numbers serves as a prototype for just about every human social network - including the Internet, as both Barabasi and Buchanan show. Suppose you look at a particular Web page and ask how many clicks of your mouse it takes to get from this page to any other page via hyperlinks. Barabasi and his students actually did this calculation for their website at the University of Notre Dame. It contained 325,729 documents connected by 1,469,680 links. Counting up how many pages had one link, two links, and so on, they discovered that the number of pages having a certain number of links decreased by about a factor of five each time the number of links was doubled.
These results lead to a simple relationship between the number of links in a network and the number of nodes in the network having that many links. Called a "power law", this relationship forms a central principle by which networks structure themselves. As both authors point out, power laws play as important a role in understanding networks as the famed bell curve of the normal probability distribution plays in understanding the role in statistics of independent random variables, such as a person's height.
Two other extremely important rules of networks are also considered in some detail in each of these books. One of these is the "weak link" discovered some 30 years ago by sociologist Mark Granovetter. It refers to the seemingly paradoxical fact that the most important connections for spreading information throughout a network are not the people who are most closely connected to you. Rather, the key "connectors" are those who form a bridge between the cluster of people you know and other, similar clusters of close acquaintances of your friends. Thus, the links in a social network are not established at random. Instead,they are strongly clustered, and some of the connections are more important than others - that is, the ones enabling one cluster to link to another.
These "busy bees" with an uncommonly large number of links to many clusters are the people writer Malcolm Gladwell claims are responsible for creating fashions and trends. They make deals happen and generally serve as agents or middlemen who "tip" things in one direction instead of another. The central idea of his book The Tipping Point (reviewed by Paul Marsden, 6 May, page 46) is that tiny and apparently insignificant changes can often have consequences out of all proportion to themselves, accounting for the transformation of unknown books into bestsellers or the rise of teenage Both Buchanan and Barabasi give enlightening accounts of both Granovetter's and Gladwell's work. Dig in, too, for fascinating accounts of the stability of food webs, the formation of "old boys" networks, the "new economy", the human genome, and much, much more.
Both books are extremely well-written, entertaining accounts aimed at the intelligent lay audience. The overlap is inevitable: Barabasi and Buchanan employ the same anecdotes, talk about the same people and use similar diagrams to illustrate their message. Even the size and price of their two books are roughly the same. You could call them two peas in a pod - but their flavours are distinct. In short, both are to be heartily welcomed as about the best introduction you could hope to get to the whys and wherefores of networks, human and non-human.
John Casti is at the Technical University of Vienna

@_date: 1999-04-20 14:42:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Human rights! Democracy! You must be insane! 
JUDICIAL PSYCHIATRY IN CHINA AND ITS POLITICAL ABUSES
Robin Munro
During the 1970s and 1980s, reports that the security authorities in the Soviet Union were incarcerating substantial numbers of dissidents in mental asylums aroused widespread concern in the West. As the quantity and reliability of the documentary evidence and victim testimonies steadily increased, the issue of politically directed psychiatry in the Soviet Union quickly became, along with political imprisonment and the refusal of the authorities to allow Soviet Jews to emigrate, a third principal item of human rights contention in Soviet-Western relations. By January 1983, a protracted campaign by Western psychiatric professional bodies and international human rights organizations led to a decision by the Soviet All-Union Society of Psychiatrists and Neuropathologists to withdraw from the World Psychiatric Association in order to avoid almost certain expulsion. It was not readmitted to the body until 1989, after several years of perestroika and the preliminary establishment of direct access by Western psychiatric delegations to Soviet forensic-psychiatric institutions and their alleged mentally ill political inmates.
The subject of forensic psychiatry in China has thus far received little academic attention outside of China. A number of very detailed and informative studies of China's general psychiatric and mental healthcare system have been written, but these have rarely addressed the legal or forensic dimension of the topic in significant depth. In particular, very little documentary or other evidence has hitherto come to light suggesting that abusive practices similar to those that occurred in the former Soviet Union might also have existed, or might even still be found, in China. The general assumption has therefore been that the Chinese authorities, despite their poor record in many other areas of human rights concern, have at least never engaged in the political misuse of psychiatry. This article seeks to challenge and correct that assumption.
 From the early 1990s onwards, scattered reports from China began to indicate that individual dissidents and other political nonconformists were being subjected to forensic psychiatric appraisal by the police and then committed to special psychiatric hospitals on an involuntary and indefinite basis. One prominent example was that of Wang Wanxing, a middle-aged worker who had first been arrested in the mid-1970s for supporting the then officially denounced policies of Deng Xiaoping. Partially rehabilitated after the death of Mao, Wang resumed his political-activist career in the 1980s and became personally acquainted with the student leaders of the spring 1989 pro-democracy movement in Beijing. In June 1992, he unfurled a banner in Tiananmen Square calling for greater human rights and democracy in China, was immediately arrested, and then sent to an institution for the criminally insane in the outskirts of the capital, where he remained - diagnosed by police psychiatrists as a "paranoid psychotic" - until early 1999. In November of that year, after he announced his intention to hold a press conference with foreign journalists to discuss his ordeal, he was again detained and sent back to the same psychiatric detention facility for an indeterminate period. Wang's case and others like it have been the subject of several statements of concern to the Chinese authorities by relevant bodies of the United Nations.
Another recent example is that of Xue Jifeng, an unofficial labor-rights activist who in December 1999 was detained by police in Zhengzhou, the capital of Henan Province, for attempting to hold a meeting with other labor activists and independent trades-unionists. He was then committed involuntarily to the Xinxiang Municipal Mental Hospital, where he remained as of December 2000. Xue was reportedly being force-fed psychiatric drugs and held in a room with mental patients who kept him awake at night and harassed him by day. Moreover, this was his second forced term in a mental hospital for "illegal" labor activities. The first came in November 1998, after he tried to pursue legal action against local Party officials who he alleged had swindled, through a bogus commercial fundraising scheme, thousands of his fellow residents of their life savings. On that occasion, more than 2,000 people staged a public demonstration in Zhengzhou demanding their money back and calling for Xue's release.
Finally, in July 1999, the Chinese government launched a major and continuing campaign of repression against the Falun Gong spiritual movement, a neotraditional sectarian group, several months after the group staged a massive peaceful demonstration outside the Zhongnanhai headquarters of the Chinese leadership. Over the past year or so, numerous reports have appeared indicating that practitioners of Falun Gong were also being forcibly sent to mental hospitals by the police authorities. The overseas Falun Gong support network has so far compiled details of around 100 named individuals who have been dealt with in this manner, while overall estimates suggest the total number may be as high as 600. To date, reports indicate that three Falun Gong practitioners have died as a direct result of their detention and mistreatment in Chinese mental asylums.
These disturbing cases highlight the need for a comprehensive reexamination of our previous understanding of the role and purposes of forensic psychiatry in China, both historically and contemporaneously.

@_date: 1999-04-20 15:47:32
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: SAP,saps. 
Software giant SAP said Wednesday that it scored one of its biggest sales in three years, inking a deal with Ford Motor.
The company will supply business applications to the automaker and its logistics partner, Caterpillar.
FROM Stop Tax-Funded US Aid To Israel NOW !
... *****. Check Out These Featured Articles: Why the US Supports Israel,
by Steven Zunes. The Caterpillar Effect, by Neve Gordon. *****. SUSTAIN ...
Description: Advocating the end of United States tax-funded aid to Israel, and supporting the Palestinian movement...
Category: Society > Issues > ... > Middle East > Israel-Palestine >  - 34k - Cached - Similar pages
Stop Tax-Funded US Aid To Israel NOW !
... When Caterpillar began doing business with Israel, it could not have known that its
products -- which are manufactured for civilian use -- would be employed to  - 26k - Cached - Similar pages
Jerusalem Center for Social and Economic Rights - Home/What's New ...
... Jerusalem Center for Social and Economic Rights. Caterpillar should end Israel's demolishing of Palestinian homes Jerusalem - 2 March 2002. ...
 - 9k - Cached - Similar pages
The FORD_German tradition is a longie I guess,kinda like shrubs grandpappy.

@_date: 1999-04-21 08:00:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Govt by Anthrax 
Local Man Publishes Results of Anthrax Investigation
a Chronicle staff report
Longtime activist Richard Ochs, a Lauraville resident, has issued a 10-page report called "Government by Anthrax." The paper is a compilation of circumstantial evidence that Ochs believes justifies "an independent and open congressional investigation" of the origins of the anthrax letters that were mailed to some U.S. Senators in October 2001.
The timing and targeting of the letters, according to Ochs, suggests that the perpetrators' motivation was to promote legislation, namely the passage of the USA Patriot Act. "Anthrax-laden letters were mailed to the Democratic Senate leadership on the same day that they blocked an attempt to rush the bill through without debate or amendments," says Ochs. "These threats frightened Congress in general and intimidated certain opponents of the Patriot Bill in particular." No Republicans received any anthrax laden "The closing of the House and Senate office buildings made it difficult for members to read the bill," Ochs charges. "After the letters were received, the democratic leadership gave up their insistence on a two-year sunset clause [for the legislation]."
Ochs notes that the day after the Patriot Act was signed, the Supreme Court was closed by a false anthrax scare. "Anthrax letters to the news media created widespread fear and a lockstep mentality in support of the Administration's policies,"
Search also unit 731

@_date: 1999-04-21 08:40:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: UK Rats-Got terror? 
Lurking in your litter
Horror movie warns of Britain's rising tide of rats.
Rats: the story in links
Got Terror?
Terror all around us
By Jamie Walker
MILLIONS of Australians are being told their home, business and car insurance will not cover acts of terrorism, provoking warnings from consumer groups last night that the new rules could void normal cover.
Claims for "innocuous" accidents could be turned down, said consumer rights lawyer Chris Field.
And shop owners take note: next time S-11 style protesters turn up or a political demonstration turns ugly, the insurance might no longer cover a brick though the window.
The nation's biggest general insurers, including Insurance Australia Group, Suncorp and Zurich, are attaching terrorism exclusion clauses to new policies and renewal notices in the run-up to the first anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks in the US.
But the insurers have split over the definition of an act of terrorism, with Suncorp refusing to nominate a specific set of circumstances on the basis that "it would cause more problems than it would solve".
The definitions from IAG and Zurich are so broad that Australian Consumers Association spokeswoman Gail Kennedy said they put "real question marks over what will be covered".
Mr Field, executive director of the Melbourne-based Consumer Law Centre, said terrorism clauses could strike out the cover for property damage caused during political demonstrations, protests and rallies.
"It is incredibly wide ... and might involve innocuous things that are perfectly legitimate in the political process," he said.
Zurich's home insurance policies now exclude all acts of terrorism, "including but not limited to use of force or violence".
While the exclusion cites possible political, religious and ideological reasons for a terror attack, it says any action intended to instil public fear will be excluded from cover.
IAG, which trades principally as NRMA Insurance, has a similar terrorism definition, referring to acts designed to influence the government or "intimidate the public or a section of the public".
Spokesman Jason Falinski said the company had been sending notices to policy-holders since July 1 on the insistence of its international reinsurers, Munich Reinsurance and Swiss Reinsurance.
The exclusion clause was "driven entirely by the reinsurers" and was a condition of their contracts with IAG being renewed, he said. It would apply broadly to commercial policies, but the exclusion on comprehensive motor insurance and home insurance would be limited specifically to biological, chemical and nuclear attacks.
As the nation's biggest general insurer, IAG has about 3.4 million policy-holders. Fifth-placed Zurich defended the terrorism exclusion clause, saying without it the company's reinsurers would no longer provide risk cover.
Insurance Council of Australia public affairs manager Sandie Watson said policy wording was generally up to individual insurers, but in this case had been on an "across the board" response to September 11.
Policy-holders had recourse to a free complaint system or could take their case to court.
"There are very clear boundaries for what is an act of terror or an act of vandalism," she said.
But a spokesman for Suncorp, the nation's second-biggest general insurer with up to 2 million policies under its own name and subsidiary GIO, said it would leave that decision to the courts in the event of a terrorism attack here.

@_date: 1999-04-21 08:55:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Honeypot. 
Child sex offenders nabbed after girl sets up Website
August 1 2002
Four men have pleaded guilty to child sex offences after a 15-year-old Victorian schoolgirl set up a website with explicit photos of herself.
The Melbourne Magistrates Court today was told the men, all in their 20s, allegedly met the girl in internet chatrooms from where she gave them links to her site which carried sexually explicit language and photos of herself.
After viewing the site and reading the girl's text, the men arranged to have sex with her throughout 1999.
The girl had initially set up the site with schoolfriends using another Internet website which allows people to build their own homepage.
The four men all waived their right to a pre-trial committal hearing in court today and entered guilty pleas to charges of sexual penetration of a child aged between 10 and 16.
One of the men, Geoffrey Townsend, 27, of Pakenham, also faces a separate charge of causing a child to take part in prostitution after he paid the girl for sex.
In some of the schoolgirl's chatroom meetings, it was allegedly suggested that she could make money from the Internet liaisons.
Troy Hill, 26, of Boronia, pleaded guilty to 17 counts of sexual penetration of a child and one count of making child pornography.
Rick Gryzb, 24, of Bentleigh, and Aaron Hirt, 28, of Cranbourne, each pleaded guilty to three child sex charges.
Police were tipped off by welfare workers who had been contacted by teachers when word of the website spread.
Police subsequently closed the site.
The four men will face a plea hearing in the County Court on October 15.
A fifth man, Kent Matthews, 23, of Wheelers Hill, is facing five charges, including sexual penetration of child between 10 and 16.
He will face a committal hearing in the Melbourne Magistrates Court on October 10.
No evidence linking professor rat as a 22 yo to the 5 time fornication in one day with a 15 yo has been alleged.Thank Fuck.

@_date: 1999-04-21 09:56:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: USA STASI 
Aug. 2, 2002 | When the Justice Department indicted defense attorney Lynne Stewart in April on charges she helped client Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the Muslim cleric convicted of masterminding the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, communicate with his followers, civil libertarians and attorneys of all political stripes saw it as one more example of Attorney General John Ashcroft's determination to erode attorney-client privilege.
Now documents obtained by the defense in the Stewart case show that the government was secretly taping meetings and phone calls between Stewart and Rahman and others for over two years. While the government obtained a court order authorizing some surveillance of their meetings in 1998, the scope of what was monitored seems to extend beyond what is commonly authorized. And at a hearing July 19, prosecutors refused to say whether they are currently taping Stewart's conversations with her own attorney, Michael Tigar.
The indictment of Stewart has alarmed defense attorneys. "We take this as a very serious threat to the Sixth Amendment right to a fair trial," says Jim Harrington, an attorney with the New York State Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. "Since the founding of this country, one of the fundamental rights our people have had is the right to a lawyer you can confide in. In this situation, you have the government interfering with that right." The association, he said, has already filed a friend-of-the-court brief objecting to the government's seizure of paper records and computer files from Stewart's office.

@_date: 1999-04-21 10:53:49
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Federal sledge hammers enviro nuts. 
Another computer gone,damn,I hope it was encrypted...
Activists Under Siege
The Chilling Tales of Scott Wells, John Blair and Frank Ambrose
by Steven Higgs
BLOOMINGTON. Add Scott Wells' name to the growing list of Indiana environmental activists to find themselves face to face with government agents. The Monroe County Councilman last week was questioned by the FBI and ATF about last month's fire at Pedigo Bay, an under-construction housing development for the rich and powerful on the shores of Lake Monroe.

@_date: 1999-04-21 11:03:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Technical research officer,I swear! 
Man who videotaped visitors in the nude gets probation, year in jail
MILWAUKEE -- A judge placed a man on 10 years probation, but included a year in jail, for the secret videotaping of visitors to his home with cameras hidden in a bathroom and guest bedroom.
Steven John Hintz, 29, was sentenced Monday by Milwaukee County Circuit Judge M. Joseph Donald on four felony counts of recording nudity without The self-employed audiovisual technician pleaded guilty to the charges filed under a new state law after he unsuccessfully challenged the constitutionality of the statute.
Hintz was charged last December three days after the equipment was found by a guest who was visiting the home with his wife and two children.
Detectives said Hintz told them he got the idea by watching television but insisted that he did not plant the hidden cameras for sexual gratification.
Instead, he said, he did it merely to see if it could be done.
``Then why not place these cameras in the kitchen and living room?'' Milwaukee County Assistant District Attorney Patti Wabitsch asked.
Hintz apologized for his behavior and asked for forgiveness. done.
``I'm confident it will not happen again,'' defense attorney Gerald Boyle contended. ``This young man has learned his lesson.''
Hintz said he did not expect to be forgiven overnight.
``If it were not for my foolish actions and childish way of thinking, none of us would be here today,'' he said.

@_date: 1999-04-21 14:32:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: In the Shadow of Death. 
Rising Up in the Shadow of Death: Reflections on the 2002 Anarchist Black Cross conference
by Ernesto Aguilar • Friday August 02, 2002 at 12:50 AM
ernestomedia at yahoo.com
Addressing the recent Anarchist Black Cross conference.(cont)
"The proliferation of unbreakable encryption would seriously and fundamentally threaten . . . critical and central public safety

@_date: 1999-04-21 18:03:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Open source Vs palladium-Social darwinism Vs Mutual aid? 
Possibly no connection,its late in the day here...I can feel a 'regime change' coming ""The views you have acquired about Darwinism, evolution, and the struggle for existence won't explain to you the meaning of your life and won't give you guidance in your actions, and a life without an explanation of its meaning and importance, and without the unfailing guidance that stems from it is a pitiful existence. Think about it. I say it, probably on the eve of my death, because I love you."

@_date: 1999-04-21 18:32:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hacking in good faith is OK,"wardriving' in texas will earn 
By D. IAN HOPPER, AP Technology Writer
LAS VEGAS (August 1, 2002 2:40 p.m. EDT) - A presidential adviser encouraged the nation's top computer security professionals and hackers Wednesday to try to break computer programs, but said they might need protection from the legal wrath of software makers.
Richard Clarke, President Bush's computer security advisor, told hackers at the Black Hat conference that most security holes in software are not found by the software maker.
"Some of us, here in this room, have an obligation to find the vulnerabilities," Clarke said.
Clarke said the hackers should be responsible about reporting the programming mistakes. A hacker should contact the software maker first, he said, then go to the government if the software maker doesn't respond soon.
Hackers commonly share their findings with others in their community through e-mail lists or Web sites. But how much they should disclose is an ongoing debate among computer security professionals. Some argue that full disclosure is best, while others say a hacker should only warn that a problem exists without showing how to take advantage of it.
Clarke said hackers shouldn't help criminals by showing how to exploit a programming bug before the software maker has a chance to fix the problem by issuing a patch, or fix.
"It's irresponsible and sometimes extremely damaging to release information before the patch is out," Clarke said.
Companies differ in their response to independent researchers. While some encourage or even reward bug-hunters, others are more concerned about the possibility of extortion or embarrassment to the company. In some instances, they seek civil or criminal charges against the hacker.
Clarke said that situation is "very disappointing," as long as the hacker acts in good faith.
"If there are legal protections they don't have that they need, we need to look at that," he said.

@_date: 1999-04-21 19:00:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hysterical Hegemonic Hyperpower  
Resented for what it is, America also stokes antipathy by what it does. Here things have recently changed for the worse. The US is often a delinquent international citizen. It is reluctant to join international initiatives or agreements, whether on climate warming, biological warfare, criminal justice, or women's rights; the US is one of only two states (the other being Somalia) that have failed to ratify the 1989 Convention on Children's Rights. The present US administration has "unsigned" the Rome Treaty establishing an International Criminal Court and has declared itself no longer bound by the Vienna Convention on Law of Treaties, which sets out the obligations of states to abide by treaties they have yet to ratify. The American attitude toward the United Nations and its agencies is cool, to say the least. Earlier this year the US ambassador for human rights called for the early dismissal of the ad hoc tribunals for Rwanda and former Yugoslavia— even though these are integral to any serious war on international terror and the US itself spent millions of dollars to bribe Belgrade into handing Slobodan Milosevic over to the Hague tribunal. FROM
integral to any serious war on international terror and the US itself spent millions of dollars to bribe Belgrade into handing Slobodan Milosevic over to the Hague tribunal.
To many outsiders this inconsistent approach to international organizations and agreements, some of which Washington helped to establish, belies America's claim to share international interests and seek multilateral partners for its goals. The same is true of American economic practices. The US is both advocate and exemplar of globalization—free-market capitalism untrammeled by frontiers, special interests, restrictive practices, protectionism, or state interference. But at home Washington applies steel tariffs, farm supports, and de facto government subsidies (notably for the defense industries) for domestic political gain.

@_date: 1999-04-21 19:34:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrub,a pitiful helpless midget. 
Bush's "Credibility Fixation" on Iraq
You know Washington is sinking into quicksand whenever you start hearing that the U.S. should go through with its militaristic plans because if it doesn't, we would lose credibility.
I hadn't heard that hoary rationalization since the darkest days of Vietnam, but there it was again, in the mouth of James Schlesinger, the former CIA Director, Secretary of Defense, and Secretary of Energy and all around grand-poohbah of the Washington establishment.
Here's what he told The New York Times: "Given all we have said as a leading world power about the necessity of regime change in Iraq . . . our credibility would be badly damaged if that regime change did not take place."
Of all the reasons to go to war against Iraq, that's the worst possible one. That's like saying, "OK, it may be a stupid idea, but since we've said it so many times, we've got to do it."
Before Rumsfeld and Bush go off half-cocked, let's assess the short-term rationality of this planned invasion.
First of all, it would be against international law, since Iraq has not attacked the United States and is not imminently preparing to do so.
Second, it would be against the U.S. Constitution for Bush to do this without a declaration of war from Congress.
Third, it would mess up our relations with our allies, and further enrage the Muslim world, which is the last thing the United States needs right now.
Fourth, it could wreak havoc with our economy, which is already wobbly enough.
And fifth and foremost, it could kill tens of thousands of people, many of them innocent civilians

@_date: 1999-04-21 22:55:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Memo to the Base on a good target,open SSH 
How Australia is preparing for terrorism
"...Since the attacks on the US, Osama bin Laden has made two specific mentions of Australia.."
"...ASIO agents have been dispatched to recruit from Muslim communities and more than 30 suspect homes have been raided. Already ASIO has identified a small number of Australians who have received terrorist training with al Qaeda, apart from those already in US custody. Other terrorist groups have identified local supporters."
""Future terrorism could involve anything from chemical warfare to cyber "Attorney-General Daryl Williams, who claims a meeting of national leaders in April clarified that situation, with the Commonwealth authorised to take control of national terrorist incidents.
The heavily amended anti-terrorism laws recently passed by the Senate have bolstered defences against terrorism, Williams says, with supporting or committing terrorism punishable by life imprisonment. He now wants Senate support for stalled legislation to boost ASIO's reach, including the power to detain and question suspects without charges or legal advice."
Fuck who need foreign terrorists.Still,on the bright side..."spot checks by the Department of Transport have shown it is possible for people to get through metal detectors at some airports while carrying knives."

@_date: 1999-04-21 23:53:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AU spy agency gets domestic green light. 
ACC-Australian Crime Commission-new gestapo born in secret.
JOHN Howard has brokered a deal for a new national law enforcement body, with two controversial Carr government advisers helping him clinch an agreement with the states.
A secret meeting in the Prime Minister's Sydney office on Wednesday sealed the fate of the troubled National Crime Authority, and in its place will rise the Australian Crime Commission.
The NCA will cease to exist in December, when the ACC will take over its coercive hearing and telephone interception powers. Since a falling-out last year, Mr Howard has been keen to sideline the NCA.
The ACC will broadly take the form proposed unanimously by the states but rejected two weeks ago by the federal Government, with a charter to fight organised crime and the emerging threat of terrorism.
The deal was finalised yesterday, following Wednesday's meeting attended by three Howard advisers and two proxies for NSW Police Minister Michael Costa – academic Richard Basham and former detective Tim Priest.
Another Costa adviser, former NSW Police Internal Affairs commander Geoff Schuberg, is expected to become the ACC's director of operations.
The ACC will be chaired by Australian Federal Police Commissioner Mick Keelty. Its hearings will be conducted by an official chosen from the ranks of senior criminal lawyers. Former Queensland crime commissioner Tim Carmody is considered a front-runner for the job.
Crucial to this week's deal was the federal Government's concession that the ACC will have its own in-house investigative capacity. It will not be just an intelligence assessment agency as originally proposed.
In return, the states have agreed to fund the secondment of police from their forces to the national body. For the past eight years, the commonwealth has footed the NCA's bill.
The states will formally approve the new commission at a meeting of police ministers in Sydney on Friday.
Neither federal Justice Minister Chris Ellison nor Mr Costa, who acted as negotiator on behalf of the states, would comment yesterday. Spokespeople for both ministers would only say discussions this week had been "productive".
Both levels of government have agreed to include ASIO director-general Dennis Richardson on the ACC's new board – involving the spy agency in domestic crime fighting for the first time.
The commonwealth also has agreed to give up a board spot that was to be taken by one of its agencies, meaning voting numbers are split evenly between the states and Canberra.
Final details about the ACC's budget and personnel were being finalised yesterday, but a plan suggested earlier this week to retain only half the NCA's investigators has been dropped.
Mr Basham's and Mr Priest's involvement in the deal comes eight months after they joined Mr Costa's inner circle – Mr Basham as an adviser in his office and Mr Priest initially as an adviser but now as an informal confidant who works out of the University of Sydney's criminology department.
Both had objected vigorously to some senior police management in the NSW force, particularly crime management in the western Sydney suburb of Cabramatta. In April the contract of a key target, then police commissioner Peter Ryan, was terminated.
The ACC will be chartered to attack organised crime in a more vigorous manner than its predecessor. Figures provided to the federal Government this week showed that the NCA last year achieved lesser results than the NSW and Queensland crime commissions.
Police minister is an ex-trot and is on medication for self diagnosed manic depresion,kinda reminds me of jamesd...
The very model of the modern major medicated police minister.

@_date: 1999-04-22 13:57:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Open source Vs palladium-Social darwinism Vs Mutual 
>>Frightened words of a dying man suffering from reality overload. <<
Yes but what do you think of what Tolstoy said?
"First the Metal Storm [wired.com]the videos page
, now this!
Soon Australians will be able to fly up to anyone,HyShot homepage.
  anywhere in the world, within minutes, and then cut them to ribbons."From /.

@_date: 1999-04-22 16:04:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: John McCain Needs killing 
Or should he be allowed to live as an example that idiocy doesn't pay?
WASHINGTON--A trio of politicians have renewed their efforts to persuade a court to uphold an anti-pornography law aimed at the Internet.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., and two Republican House members on Thursday asked a federal appeals court to agree that the Child Online Protection Act (COPA) is a reasonable way to shield minors from commercial Internet smut.FROM
Mc CATO head strikes again.That guy Bruce Taylor is definite APster pick.(my 2 mcents)

@_date: 1999-04-22 16:32:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: We're only making plans for joshua. 
Great for target aquisition eh,Gordie?
General Motors plans to begin installing new sensors and communications systems into vehicles next year in a move that could save lives but that also raises privacy concerns.
"What would things
have been like if every security operative, when he went out at night to
make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive?"

@_date: 1999-04-22 17:24:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: APster favours the brave."Take the shot!" 
"...He decentralized decision-making authority and created a flat management structure to quickly respond to changes in his operating environment. He overcame turf battles by creating an overarching sense of mission and doctrine. He used the Internet, the globalization of news and the revolution in telecommunications to advance his organization's goals worldwide. He developed a complex organizational network in which information gets only to the right people at the right times. In his network, connections between individuals and groups are activated at key times to get work done and severed when they are no longer necessary. To terrorize America, Osama bin Laden adopted many of the management and leadership strategies that U.S. corporate leaders have embraced over the past decade-strategies that are gaining ground among U.S. military reformers and among leaders in the government's civilian bureaucracies. The strategies stem from a theory-being validated by American corporations, social activist groups and international terrorists-that in the information age, successful organizations behave more like computer networks than assembly lines..'

@_date: 1999-04-22 17:39:49
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Larry Ellisons Bhopals  
Oracle plans aggressive growth in India
PTI [ SATURDAY, AUGUST 03, 2002 2:14:24 PM ]
NEW YORK: Impressed by India's record in software, California-based Oracle, the world's largest enterprise software company, has charted out an aggressive growth plan in the country and expects to double its professional workforce in four years to deliver the best products and "India is a jewel in Oracle's crown," its executive vice-president for Asia-Pacific Derek Williams said. "We have invested well in expanding our presence in India and plan to continue to do so."
It has expanded development facilities in Bangalore and is in the process of acquiring over seven acres of land in Hyderabad for expansion of its India Development Centre (IDC).
Religious fascist extremeists in Govt,swastika's everywhere in the South,Larry feels right at home,"Good business is where you find it."

@_date: 1999-04-22 17:43:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Al Quida's Cauc cadres 
Russian media reports say that a Japanese militant is part of a group of around 100 Muslim fighters who crossed from Georgia into the breakaway republic of Chechnya July 29. Two militants captured by Russian forces said there were several mercenaries in the group, including a Japanese convert to Islam who was trained by instructors of Chechen warlord Ruslan Gelayev, ITAR-Tass and the Kommersant daily reported.
Although the existence of the Japanese militant is unconfirmed, it potentially could further complicate counterterrorism operations around the world. As the number of alleged al Qaeda operatives and other Muslim militants coming from places other than the Middle East or South Asia rises, a key tool used to identify potential terrorists -- racial profiling

@_date: 1999-04-22 17:49:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: BERNing down the NSA. 
The Baltimore Emergency Response Network (BERN), a group that seeks to halt U.S. military intervention in other sovereign nations and promotes peaceful solutions to conflict, will gather this Fourth of July, as it done since 1996, for its annual In[ter]dependence Day demonstration at the 38,000-employee National Security Agency. At 10 a.m. at 9800 Savage Road in Fort Meade, BERN members will demonstrate for an end to the NSA's secret and overt operations that they charge lead to killing, destruction and domination. They plan to deploy "Star Wars" balloons as examples of what they believe would be a more cost-effective form of missile defense than the "star wars" National Missile Defense program now underway.
"Justice is the only means of security," said BERN member Max Obuszewski in a prepared statement to the press. "It is an ethical imperative that money wasted on spying and warmaking be diverted to satisfy the basic needs of all people of the world. We are interdependent as one human family."
Four BERN members--Ellen Barfield, Max Obuszewski, Sister Carol Gilbert, O.P. and Sister Ardeth Platte, O.P--were arrested in October 2001 at the time of another BERN protest at the NSA. They were charged with trespass, destruction of government property and conspiracy. These charges were dropped in April 2002, but they were warned by a prosecutor at Fort Meade that new charges would be filed. "The defendants welcome an opportunity to challenge the National Security Agency in court," said Obuszewski. The four intend to take part in the July 4 protest.
BERN activists have been seeking to meet with the NSA's director to discuss the agency's involvement with Star Wars, Echelon (which intercepts communications worldwide), and the Space Command Vision for 2020, which calls for domination of the heavens.

@_date: 1999-04-22 17:57:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: LAO TZU  
It is difficult to describe what anarchism is. It is a kind of political philosophy. But it has no founder, no standard texts, no political party associated with it. And it is hardly ever discussed by philosophers themselves. As a political movement it is seen by historians as primarily a radical response to industrial capitalism, which developed in Europe towards the middle of the last century. Yet as a social perspective anarchism has a much longer history. Kenneth Rexroth, for example, in his book 'Communalism' traces the history and development of the many attempts that have been made throughout recorded history to establish an organic community based on non-coercive relationships. For that is what is meant by anarchy, not chaos or disorder. The aims and ideas behind these attempts - like that of the Digger movement - were always expressed through published writings - sermons, analects, dialogues, political tracts, mystical writings and the like. These writings of course have historical interest; but they are also important to us in helping us to formulate alternatives to the ideologies of contemporary capitalism - whether of the liberal or statist kind.
One of the earliest of such writings is the short mystical tract entitled 'Tao Te Ching'. It was written by a Chinese sage called Lao Tzu (the 'old

@_date: 1999-04-22 17:59:21
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: TECHNIQUES OF REPRESSION Lessons from Ireland. 
For 17 years now Northern Ireland has been the training ground for the British State's counter insurgency techniques.
On a recent visit to Ireland Arthur Scargill told an audience of Irish people that the miners' strike of 1984 had shown Britain for what it really is, a vicious police state. Roars of laughter greeted the spectacle of an English person coming to Ireland to tell the Irish that they live in a police state. For 17 years now Northern Ireland has been the training ground and the Irish working class the guinea pigs for the British state's counter insurgency techniques.
.... Since 1972 the British state has been able to erect the full apparatus of a totalitarian state here in Northern Ireland in the name of 'a war against terrorism', ie a war against the catholic working class. 'Totalitarian' is no exaggeration. The typical catholic housing estate here has an army barracks / fortress in the middle of it, keeping a close surveillance of everyone on the estate with close circuit TV cameras, infra red cameras for night vision and a radar system which can detect anyone moving out of sight of electronic eyes in cameras. Helicopters hover overhead for most of the day with zoom in cameras, and telephone of anyone 'discontented' is tapped and their mail opened.
Now working class housing estates are built according to a British army architect's specification. They are designed to give minimum room for civil disobedience and maximum room for the British army to step in to crush any outbreaks. Housing estates are built with only one exit / entrance so anyone causing trouble can be easily trapped inside; each block is a different colour or shade, and army helicopters have a special colour code of the estate so that any block or single house can be quickly and easily pin pointed from the air.

@_date: 1999-04-22 18:03:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Electro-magnetic radiation as a weapon. 
Confirmed by 'spycatcher',peter wright.Mi5.Used against the greenham common wimmin anti-cruise protestors.
 From Green Anarchist, issue 10, February March 1986, page 4.
Strong signals of up to one hundred times the normal background level of electro-magnetic radiations have been detected on a number of occasions. They are almost certainly capable of producing harmful effects on human Although high signal levels are to be expected near a military base, the highest signals found are some ten times above anything we have recorded on the same instruments at other sites.
We have also found that the strongest signals generally appear at those places where the women say they have suffered ill effects, and they followed a well defined path. Strong signals recorded on one occasion near the green gate were found to cover the womens' encampment but stop abruptly at the edge of the road leading up to the gate. The signals were also absent in the area around the nearby house.
The strength of the signals has also been found on occasion to reflect the activity of the women. Signals at scarcely more than the background level have been found to increase rapidly when the women start a demonstration.

@_date: 1999-04-22 18:53:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Attack of the cretins. 
[Oracle Corp Chairman and CEO] Larry Ellison wants to sell databases, correct? So maybe now we can have everybody's fingerprints and retinal scans put into computers. And Big Brother can be efficient with Oracle software. Siebel [Systems] has purchased the world's largest American flag and attached it to the side of their building, supposedly to symbolize growth. Of course, that might imply their company's growth. That is, if you want to invest now, it's a good chance to get in at a low price.
On the political side, you see Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell and talking about God punishing us. The cretins are coming out of the woodwork,
The "Office of Homeland Security" does sound a little over the top
It sounds like a phrase out of Orwell's 1984. It's scary as hell.
One of the things I don't think Bush gets is that the terrorists win if they take away our freedoms, directly or indirectly.
“Yesterday’s Technology Tomorrow”—the phrase has been thrown around the FBI for decades. It might be funny if it weren’t so true. “The agents have encrypted radio; they’ve got night vision; they’ve got the surveillance stuff,” says a former agent, one of several interviewed for this piece. “They have top of the line everything—everything except information Not to dwell too much on Sun’s Scott McNealy, but he did popularize the phrase “The network is the computer.” This idea, which the Fortune 500 started grasping five years ago, is as anti-stovepipe as you can get. It sees individual computers as communication devices, whose ability to link up with the rest of the world’s computers is more important than the processing power they possess on their own. It sees the network as a platform on which knowledge can be shared, amplified and re-created in new innovative forms, the networked pieces adding up to far more than the sum of their parts.
Victory in the information war depends on the ability to use that information—to understand it, to react to it quickly. “September 11 was all based on controlling information,” says Carver Mead, the CalTech physicist, one of the fathers of the microprocessor and a pioneer in neural networking, an approach to artificial intelligence based on replicating the connective miracles of the human brain. “The fact is the hijackers controlled all the information. They had all the information on the first three planes—they were the only ones who knew what was going to happen. On the fourth plane, there was a tiny amount of information available to the passengers; they were able to use it to thwart the plan.
“We actually knew a lot about some of these people,” says Mead. “We actually did know a lot, but we didn’t put it together.”
Putting it together requires acceptance of the idea that the network is the computer–and that the bigger and broader it is, the better.
a fit-for-the-1990s computer system will be in place at the agency by the end of 2003 I PROMIS you.The FBI’s controversial Carnivore system, which can read e-mail and track suspects’ Web activity, reportedly has a data mining component called Coolmine to help it analyze the information. But for most of Uncle Sam’s security-related data, mining is something done by keyboard- and hunch-wielding humans, by hand.

@_date: 1999-04-22 19:04:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Corporate welfare. 
Uncle Sam the sole institutional investor behind a dedicated “national security” fund, run by a dream team of VC heavyweights recruited from venture capital’s epicenter, Sand Hill Road. (Bush White House Science adviser Floyd Kvamme, a senior partner at legendary Kleiner, Perkins would be an obvious choice for coach.) The CIA has already in effect done this with In-Q-Tel, the Silicon Valley venture shop it opened last year.
Keeping the web safe
.” Really out-there work often stays in-house, at Sandia or Livermore or one of the other industrial-strength National Laboratories left over from the Cold War. But more typically, a complex set of specs gets jobbed out to one of the remaining handful of defense megacontractors, who undertake delivery of a very tightly specified black box or aircraft or weapons system, for some version of cost-plus. If all this sounds vaguely Industrial Age and socialist, it is—R&D by Five-Year Plan. But virtually all the high-tech weaponry now being tossed at Afghanistan was developed this way. This is also the system that gives you the $400 toilet seat.

@_date: 1999-04-22 19:24:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Get your war on. 
If there's any sane lesson that Congress should take away from the Enron political scandal (and this is assuredly both a corporate and political scandal), it is not that we need campaign finance reform—it is that we need federal spending reform. Want to get rid of corporate political corruption? Abolish corporate welfare so that Fortune 500 firms don't spend half their energy and public relations budgets farming Washington. With $100 billion of corporate loot divvied up by Congress every year, the wonder is that there aren't 100 Enrons out there, with tentacles into every law firm, media outlet and congressional office in the District of Columbia. And perhaps there are.
The one lesson I've learned from my 20-year experience in Washington is that corporate America is perhaps a bigger adversary to small government and the free market than even Tom Daschle. Republicans, and specifically the Bush administration—which, of course, had a particularly cozy relationship with Enron—could go a long way toward defusing the Enron crisis by calling for abolition of the Commerce Department, the Export-Import (Ex-Im) Bank and other CEO feeding troughs. That'll probably happen the day the Olympics installs fair and impartial judges at skating Whats this got to do with war?
SEE MWO's ANNALs of ENRON,it will all become clear.

@_date: 1999-04-22 20:53:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CHINA-Security forces physically assaulted protesters. 
Repression in China Worsens Worker Protests
(New York, August 2, 2002) - The Chinese government's refusal to allow independent trade unions is fueling worker protests, Human Rights Watch said in a new report released today.
The 50-page report, "Paying the Price: Worker Unrest in Northeast China," analyzes in detail the demonstrations that took place from March through May 2002 in three cities in northeastern China, and the government response to them.
"The Chinese Communist Party is facing a serious dilemma:
So is P.Trei if he reads his own propaganda.

@_date: 1999-04-22 21:04:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hacking Shengen 
"...On friday 26th a team of researchers from strasbourg nsv research(noborder sillicon valley) came to Strasbourg Neuhof, where the Schengen Information System (SiS) is located. It was the aim of a working group to develope a system to make the data stored in the Schengen Information System accessable for everybody. Accompanied by a french television team and several journalist, the team dig a hole next to the street which is going to the SIS. The work of the group soon got the attention of the police, obviously not understanding what was going on and suprised by the massive gathering of press people.
Based on information of a resaerchers group who visited the SIS location some days before, a cable was taken out of the ground and connected to a notebook. After booting the system and logging in on the SIS system, the user rights of the schengen data were changed (chmod 777*) so from now on everybody is able to access his/her own data stored in the schengen system, of course also change or delete data as needed. After that then the noborder plugin was installed (apt-get install noborder) to enable access from everywhere whitout limitation.
The communication protokoll was changed to TCP/IP for easy internet (webbased-)access. A easy to use webportal will be installed soon. Now the system was shutdown for a complete reboot and made ready for a free-communication compiling..." FROM

@_date: 1999-04-24 08:45:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: RICO and the Mann. 
10/27/00 - Members of Asian Crime Ring Indicted
14 members of an Asian crime ring allegedly headed by Hung The "Kevin" Dong were indicted in Los Angeles on federal charges including prostitution and racketeering. Authorities were able to show that the group operates as an "ongoing criminal organization," making Dong's syndicate the first Asian organized crime group to be prosecuted using statutes within RICO.
Dateline - October 28, 2000
LOS ANGELES - Pursuant to an FBI investigation dubbed "Operation Lucky Money," 14 alleged members of an Asian organized crime ring were indicted Friday on charges ranging from running a prostitution ring to credit card fraud. Authorities say the investigation and arrests gave a much clearer view of the activities of Asian crime rings, which are currently considered the most dangerous and efficient crime enterprises in the United States.
James V. DeSarno, Jr., head of the FBI's Southern California operations said Friday, "We see violence, we see prostitution, we see money laundering, not unlike what we saw in the early days of organized crime."
The indictments and arrests are the result of an ongoing joint investigation by FBI agents in Los Angeles and Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.
Hung The "Kevin" Dong (a.k.a. "Big Brother"), alleged boss of the group, was arrested Friday along with eight associates. Also arrested were Chooi Lu, Dong's girlfriend and alleged manager of the crime syndicate's prostitution ring, Tan Minh Ly (a.k.a. "Payday"), reputed to be the organization's top weapons trafficker, David Huang Wei, Johnny Chi Lee, Vincent Huang Wei, Boy Lai, Hector Barcenas and Binh Quoc Trinh.
The other five individuals named in the indictment are considered fugitives and are actively being sought. Included on the list individuals who eluded authorities Friday is Dong An, who is also wanted on murder charges related to the crime ring's activities.
The 38-count indictment charges members of the San Gabriel Valley-based crime syndicate with money laundering, credit card fraud, armed robbery, home invasions, prostitution, murder, armed robbery and drug trafficking. The gang members are also accused of importing women from Malaysia, Mexico and other locations into the United States and forcing them into prostitution.
Dong's syndicate allegedly ran dozens of brothels throughout Las Vegas and Southern California, with each brothel bringing in tens of thousands of dollars each month. Gang members would allegedly force the women to work in one brothel for a few months, then transport her to another and another, in what amounts to a violation of the Mann Act, "transporting women for illegal sexual activity," also known as "white slavery."
More importantly, authorities announced at a press conference on Friday that, through the use of wiretaps and undercover operatives, they were able to ascertain that the group operated with a highly structured management and may be considered, for prosecutorial purposes, an "ongoing criminal organization." The consequence of such a discovery is that federal prosecutors were able to make the decision to prosecute Dong and his associates using the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO, which carries much heavier prison sentences on conviction than do most white-collar crime statutes.
DeSarno said, "That's the goal, to use racketeering statutes to dismantle this organization."
The nine individuals arrested Friday remain in custody and will make their first court appearance on Monday. They are scheduled to be arraigned on November 6 at the United States District Court in Los Angeles.Thats around the time I get my next 'mention'.I really hope this is it,cos I miss my jimmy Dell.
Latest mention...sept 11.

@_date: 1999-04-24 08:46:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Victorian Police Corruption. 
NUMBER 390, 6-12 MARCH 2000.
BOOK REVIEW
VICTORIA POLICE CORRUPTION
Raymond Hoser 1999, ISBN 09586769 25
Published by KOTABI PUBLICATIONS
It's refreshing to review a book that takes a peek at the soft underbelly of the Victorian Police Force. Ever wondered why few if any Victorian Police officers have seen the inside of a prison? Then you shouldn't go past Hoser's book. A book mind you, that wouldn't have seen the light of day if Hoser had buckled under the considerable pressure that was applied to prevent him publishing this book.
Murder, rape, drugs, theft are some of the sins catalogued in this little gem that reads like a novel. Unfortunately the list of sins that are catalogued in Victoria Police Corruption have happened to real people with real families. The Victorian Police Force, Australia's most effective killing machine has been able to get away with this outrageous behavior for so long because of political and media corruption.
This 720 page book names names, lists events and shines a torch into the black heart of the Victorian Police Force. Hoser's book goes one step further than the normal shock, horror corruptive expose. Hoser understands that Police Corruption could not occur without bent bureaucrats, politicians and a media that's not willing to rock the boat.
Victoria Police Corruption should be mandatory reading for every bureaucrat, every politician and every hack reporter in Victoria. If we lived in a society that respected the truth, Victoria Police Corruption would be on the H.S.C. reading list and Hoser's name would have appeared on the New Year's Eve honors list.
Neither of these things are likely to occur. Hoser and his books have been shunted to the margins of society because the same people in authority are using the same corrupt structure, to support the same corrupt status quo.
VICTORIA POLICE CORUPTION is available from the publishers KOTABI PUBLISHING, PO Box 599, DONCASTER, VIC 3108, AUSTRALIA Tel: 61 3 9857-4491, Fax: 61 3 9857-4664 E-mail: adder at smuggled.com
Online credit card orders:
 From page 262,"...later that year police trumped up another charge against him,This time it was "make threat to kill."Thats usually an easy one to convict because the police witness says,"He threatened to kill me."The defendant says,"No I didn't."The judge or magistrate invariably side with the police.Maximum penalty? 15 years."
No reason for them to lie,right? In my case I'm in luck due to police overkill,I can blame pressure from at least 3 other agencies to convict me of something...Anything!
The dickheads are truly desperate.

@_date: 1999-04-24 08:51:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The friends of nicky Scarfo. 
Robert "Bobby" Simone draws upon a 35 year career as a practicing criminal defense attorney to write a unique, informative, and at times alarming expose and anecdotal description of the criminal justice system in The Last Mouthpiece. This book reads more like a film noir script than a history of the law as we encounter "Phil "The Chicken man" Testa, Nick the Blade, Hunchback Harry, and a series of other real-life mob characters and their cadres. Here is a candid revelation of the mobsters, rats, set-ups, wires, bugs, double-crosses, strategies, judges, juries, and lawmen who were the daily elements of Simone's law practice. If you enjoy the fictional "The Sopranos" television series, then you will be fascinated by Bobby Simone's factual and real-life expose, The Last Mouthpiece.
Also at Am
"But he was good to his mother."
Expanded, factual, and accurate information throughout on Jewish gangsters, including such legendary figures as Meyer Lansky (whom Rockaway interviewed), Bugsy Siegel, Lepke and Gurrah, Kid Cann, Dutch Schultz, Waxey Gordon, Longy Zwillman, Big Jack Zelig, Boo Boo Hoff (who introduced the tommy gun to Philadelphia's Prohibition underworld), Mickey Cohen, the Purple Gang and others.
Oy vey.

@_date: 1999-04-24 08:55:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Quer=EDas_corralito=3F:_?= 
Querías corralito?:
Querías corralito?: TOMÁ
No querés vender Antel, Ancap,...?, bueno... nos quedamos con la banca
Quedaron el República y el Hipotecario con los ahorros a plazo fijo congelados y a pagar en 3 años. El Caja Obrera y el Montevideo cerrados y se está a la espera por el Comercial y el de Crédito. Hoy llega el blindaje directo del Tesoro de EEUU para intentar mantener los únicos bancos nacionales que van quedando.
Candygram for Mongo...
Nixon calls for pubic input. AND
Paul Mullet, Fuckwit of the week.
by profrv 5:57pm Mon Aug 5 '02article
Paul is a standover thug for the police union,threatening and bullying not just a lady but his boss.Now he confirms that he's an idiot not fit to run a station in woop woop.

@_date: 1999-04-24 09:47:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "The price of liberty is eternal Vigilantism" 
LAS VEGAS--Can vigilantism save computers from the next big virus threat?
Striking back against a computer that is attacking you may be illegal under U.S. law, but a security researcher says people should be allowed to neutralize one that is unwittingly spreading destructive Internet worms such as Nimda.
"Arguably the biggest threat the Internet faces today is the propagation of a big worm," said Timothy Mullen, chief information officer of AnchorIS, at the Defcon hacker conference here.
Worms are a form of self-propagating virus that, once set in motion, can wreak havoc by taking control of other machines. Once the virus has claimed a PC, it can then use the machine to launch attacks on the wider Internet.
"The next worm is going to happen, and it's going to be worse," Mullen said.
The defensive strategy of "strike back" is gaining some support among politicians, who will be voting on a bill backed by movie and music studios that would allow retaliation to help thwart Internet piracy.
The bill, proposed by Congressman Howard Berman, D-Calif., would protect copyright holders from liability if they place destructive decoy digital files into peer-to-peer networks to penalize users.
Mullen said his hack-back idea is different because it is designed to improve the security of cyberspace and would not harm any computer systems.
The Code Red and Nimda worms that hit last year shut down corporate computer systems and gobbled up bandwidth. Nimda was the most widespread and one of the most destructive worms of 2001.
To counter this, Mullen has come up with a way for machines that have been attacked--but not infected--to trace the worm back to the attacking machine and prevent it from spreading the worm to other computers.
Using his technique, the computer that launches an attack is paralyzed and requires an administrator to restart it, but it stays online and is not otherwise harmed, said Mullen, who is a columnist for SecurityFocus.com.
"What we're doing, (according) to the letter of the law, is illegal," he said. "I would like to see the law changed...We've illustrated not just a reasonable recourse, but a minimal responsibility."
Contacting the administrators of infected and attacking computers is not adequate, Mullen said. "This after-the-fact stuff clearly doesn't work. I'm still getting Nimda attacks," often from the same person, he said.
However, several U.S. officials questioned the ethics of the idea.
"You have trespassed on their system," said Mark Eckenwiler, senior counsel at the U.S. Justice Department's computer crime division. "There are more legally acceptable ways to deal with the problem than what is essentially hacking into their system."
There also is also the possibility of hacking back at the wrong computer, said C.H. "Chuck" Chassot of the Department of Defense's Command, Control, Communications & Intelligence office.
"It is the DoD's policy not to take active measures against anybody because of the lack of certainty of getting the right person," Chassot said.
Jennifer Stisa Grannick, litigation director at the Center for Internet and Society at Stanford Law School, said she felt Mullen's idea may be protected under a self-defense provision.
"This is a type of defense of property," she said. "There is a lot of sympathy for that (kind of action) from law enforcement and vendors because we do have such a big problem with viruses."

@_date: 1999-04-24 10:00:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Good TIPS 
Dobbers nab the polluters
By SARAH HUDSON
environment reporter
MORE Victorians than ever are being fined for polluting the And a record number of Victorians are dobbing in fellow citizens and industry who foul our air, water and land.
But despite citizens increasingly policing the environment, polluters continue to get away with their crimes.
A Herald Sun investigation has found a record 78,000 people have lodged complaints with the
Environmental Protection Authority in the past year, leading to $1.2 million in penalties.
Littering is the biggest polluting crime with fines increasing five-fold since 1995, up to 8523 in 2001-02.
Most fines are handed out to smokers throwing butts out of cars.
Melbourne city had the biggest number of people dobbing in litter bugs with 320 fines issued, followed by Richmond (196), Mulgrave (193) and St Kilda An increasing number of people - about 18,000 - complained to the EPA about smoky vehicles via phone calls or on the Internet, with $204,000 worth of penalties paid. But while Victorians are more vigilant about pollution, more than 1000 fines remain unpaid or contested.
The most common excuse used by litterers, particularly those fined for dropping cigarette butts, is that they don't smoke.
But the EPA said malicious reports could clog the system, particularly for smoky vehicles, with the complaints line used to avenge personal gripes.
EPA manager of operation systems Geoff Latimer said fines had increased because people were tired of pollution.
"The community has become more aware there are avenues to dob people in for activities they find fairly appalling," Mr Latimer said.
"People are more attuned to getting speeding fines and generally they stop speeding after that.
"But when they get a pollution fine it is more surprising."
I'm not just being contrarian posting this here,people throw lighted butts out in bushfire zones,ie most of au.Who needs terrorists?

@_date: 1999-04-24 10:16:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Japan ID's and now this... 
We know where you live
By Nicole Manktelow
August 3 2002
It's an initiative designed to assist convergence - that is, the many devices and channels of communication that are blending.
ENUM is a protocol that can be used to map phones, faxes or other devices from their particular telephone number to the Internet.
It could give all Australian households a new electronic point of contact. It could also forge the beginning of a combined communications system.
And, if adopted by various nations, it could pave the way for a massive international directory.
Just how ENUM will be implemented, who will run it and if participation will be mandatory are details to be determined, according to national numbers body the Australian Communications Authority (
The ACA controls Australia's telephone country code +61 and will soon decide who should be responsible for running the country's ENUM initiative.
"It's about developing a single electronic address for people," says Paul White, the ACA's telecommunications licensing group executive manager.
"There are no time frames yet," says White, as the project is in its early stages, but some experts believe it may be a reality within just three years.
The ENUM protocol was devised by the Internet Engineering Task Force's ( telephone number mapping working group. The group defined a domain name system (DNS) method for mapping a telephone number to a point of contact on the Internet.
Using this method, the ACA's phone number +61 3 9963 6800, for example, would be reversed and become the basis of the address: The last few segments, "1.6.e614.arpa", utilise the country code and indicate that the address/number is located in Australia.
Sending an email to such an address could "provide all the contact details of a person ... It might be a response that is as simple as a contact register", White says.
"Almost half the households in Australia have Internet access and most have a phone. That's two electronic contact points. Then there are mobiles," he With ENUM, "you would have a single electronic access point or address".
The concept of a single contact point does, however, conjure familiar fears for civil libertarians, particularly if the implementation of ENUM does not give users full control over their details.
"The effect of ENUM would be to establish a single unique contact number for each individual," says privacy expert Roger Clark.
"If it was successful, it would represent a unique personal identifier, with all the threats to privacy and freedoms that this entails," Clark says.
The ENUM protocol may concentrate on devices, but it is the people using these phones who will end up connected, eventually.
"It's a device identifier, but devices are personal. And there is more location information embedded in them all the time," Clark adds.
"It would be lovely if from the beginning the system would be under the user's control. But this is never how they are implemented."
The ACA will publish an ENUM discussion paper on its Web site by the end of the month. A discussion group will follow, as will trials of various business models.
The ACA will also "look at technical and consumer safeguards", White says, in particular the databases that are expected to handle the contract information for phone users.
nicole at auscape.net.au

@_date: 1999-04-24 11:15:53
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: FreehFall 
"...Freeh turns out to be more Clark Kent than Superman. The FBI pursues Wen Lo Hee for a genuinely substantial piece of espionage - selling missile technology to the Chinese. The only problem is, he's innocent. Then it turns out the FBI has messed up the Oklahoma investigation, Freeh falls out with Bill Clinton, the Khobar Towers investigation falls prey to Saudi government intransigence and the Senate launches an investigation into what by this time is being dubbed the 'Fumbling Bunch of Idiots'. The FBI boss does catch Hanssen, but as the latter has been spying since 1980 no-one is terribly impressed. Freeh steps down early, his career, a bit like the Soviet Union, fizzling out unlamented.
Vise sets out to shock us with a tale of human evil, yet Hanssen comes over as merely a bit sad. What Vise does succeed in doing is shedding some light on an intelligence establishment which has been malfunctioning for decades."

@_date: 1999-04-24 11:20:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: White punks on dope. 
Friendly fire deaths linked to US pilots 'on speed'
'American pilots in Afghanistan, blamed for a series of "friendly fire" incidents and devastating erroneous attacks on innocent civilians, were routinely provided with amphetamines to tackle fatigue and help them fly longer hours. Pilots were allowed to "self-regulate" their own doses and kept the drugs in their cockpits ... Pilots who refused to take the drugs could be banned from taking part in a mission' ( Independent )
See also this Performance Maintenance manual (1.05MB PDF) for US Navy flight surgeons from 2000, this Toronto Star article from Thursday, this Vancouver Sun article from June, and this blog entry from last month

@_date: 1999-04-24 11:36:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Alien,the musical. 
Now altered slightly in transition,andrew lw dropped out...A Tom Zupko shoot is never done. And even when it's done perfectionist Zupko still seems to be doing it. But so far he's quite pleased with the way Ass Alien his latest feature is turning out though scenes remain to be shot.
Gene: The other night was another long shooting night. You shot a scene involving Misty and Tony Tedeschi which took awhile to accomplish for physical reasons. [Misty's asshole was challenged to accommodate Tedeschi's bulk]. Nevertheless, you seem to be pretty pleased with what's been going on so far.
Zupko: Everything's going good. This is the first movie I've shot in about five months. It's a lot of fun. It's light hearted and the way it's being put together is like a sitcom- with the canned laughter, applause, intros, and real commercials in between. And the style I'm shooting it in, isn't like my usual free style form. This is more of the traditional two-shot, single-shot style mimicking the dialogue of a sitcom. Actually it's very funny. This new guy Joe Daddy who derives his sexual pleasure from geriatrics is the Ass Alien. He did a good job. He hung in there wearing that heavy suit. Not only that he was fine in the sex scenes. This one might become a cult classic. I'm doing so much with it in post with animation and 3-D. It's going to be great.
I have to say one thing. I'd like to pay special thanks to Samantha Sterlyng who hung with Zupko. A lot of people said she wouldn't be able to, but she did and did a phenomenal job. She was a dream to work with on the set. I've always thought that she was one of the most beautiful yet underrated girls in pornography. She told me she was down for anal and did five positions that were just ripping. Though we're not done yet, it's the best sex scene of the movie probably. But the whole thing was great. And not one girl gets slapped or spit on! I don't know if that's good or bad. I think when it's all said and done, it'll be unforgettable.

@_date: 1999-04-24 13:29:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Deep Perps. 
Blue pill or the red? Hope for the best, prepare for the worst, enjoy the I'm a speed king you go to hear me sing I'm a speed king see me fly
Sweet child in time you'll see the line
The line that's drawn between the good and the bad
See the blind man shooting at the world
Bullets flying taking toll
If you've been bad, Lord I bet you have
And you've been hit by flying lead
You'd better close your eyes and bow your head
And wait for the ricochet.
Nobody gonna take my car
I'm gonna race it to the ground
Nobody gonna beat my car
It's gonna break the speed of sound
Oooh it's a killing machine
It's got everything
Like a driving power big fat tyres
and everything
I love it and I need it
I bleed it yeah it's a wild hurricane
Alright hold tight
I'm a highway star
Nobody gonna take my girl
I'm gonna keep her to the end
Nobody gonna have my girl
She stays close on every bend
Oooh she's a killing machine
She's got everything
Like a moving mouth body control
and everything
I love her I need her
I seed her
Yeah She turns me on
Alright hold on tight
I'm a highway star
Nobody gonna take my head
I got speed inside my brain
Nobody gonna steal my head
Now that I'm on the road again
Oooh I'm in heaven again I've got everything
Like a moving ground an open road
and everything
I love it and I need it
I seed it
Eight cylinders all mine
Alright hold on tight
I'm a highway star
Swiss time was running out It seemed that we would lose the race Smoke on the water, fire in the sky We ended up at the Grand Hotel It was empty cold and bare But with the Rolling truck Stones thing just outside Making our music there With a few red lights and a few old beds We made a place to sweat No matter what we get out of this I know we'll never forget Smoke on the water, fire in the sky
Black night is not right,
I don't feel so bright,
I don't care to sit tight.
Maybe I'll find on the way down the line
that I'm free, free to be me.
Black night is a long way from home.
I don't need a dark tree,
I don't want a rough sea,
I can't feel, I can't see.
Maybe I'll find on the way down the line
that I'm free, free to be me.
Black night is a long way from home.
Black night, black night,
I don't need black night,
I can't see dark night.
Maybe I'll find on the way down the line
that I'm free, free to be me.
Black night is a long way from home.
Long way from the wife.life.Dont come back...ever.

@_date: 1999-04-24 13:58:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: ELF,Greenpeace,ALF direct actions. 
As more wilderness and farmland areas are paved under and precious pieces of earth sold for the profit of a few, more actions are being planned. We will not stop until the developers and oligarchs do. With love and hope, ELF.

@_date: 1999-04-24 14:16:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anarcho-commies threaten to sue? Shurley shome mishtake! 
It is the common belief of anarchists and communists of all likes to oppose property. Intellectual property is also shunned by extension. So there is a question of why(?!?) it is that these anarchist and communist works are today being copyrighted. Furthermore, the two main radical internet archivists (Marxist Internet Archives and Anarchy Archives) threaten to sue those who use their content. MIA and AA are also selling CDs of their content ($25 and $10), which is a direct exploitation of theory. MIA and AA have degraded themselves to the level of Hot Topic, selling the revolution. Anarchy for sale, $10. Be a Communist, only $25! But I faintly remember: the revolution will not be televised.
ACE download site...
Link:

@_date: 1999-04-24 15:36:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Feudalism FUD 
"...Intellectual property rights create large patterns of interference in the freedom of others because abstract objects are a crucial kind of resource. Abstract objects are vital to all kinds of social, cultural and economic projects..."
War on an abstract object anyone? War on a tactic?
"...private, arbitrary, unchecked, global power will become a part of life in the information society. A world in which seed rights, algorithms, DNA and chemical formulae are owned by a few, a world in which information flows can be coordinated by information-media barons, might indeed be an information feudalism."

@_date: 1999-04-24 15:56:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Klez excuse 
Working as a telephone tech support person for a non-tech sector company, Klez was particularly annoying as we would get angry telephone calls from our own corporate executives about how our server based antivirus program wasn't working, as they were getting angry emails from people at other companies telling them to stop sending them the Klez virus.
All because the damn thing sent false header information and someone outside both companies had been infected, people would continue to blame the wrong parties when their own antivirus program would point them at the wrong culprit, despite all the media stories explaining the damn thing in clear detail.
We had a number of execs refuse to believe us when we told them their machine was clean, as "obviously" we were wrong according to the people at the other company. Even had one high up try to install her own antivirus program because she didn't trust ours and ended up trashing her computer.
Did I tell you my new trial 'contest mention' is on sept 11.Anniversary of Chile coup.

@_date: 1999-04-24 19:04:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dewine needs spilling,chuck shumer off dabridge. 
"The Ohio Republican, a former county prosecutor"
Why am I not surprised?
Jim bell quoting anarchist contest mention on sept 11.No admissions,no evidence,no plea bargains,just another cascading APster extravaganza.Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell.

@_date: 1999-04-25 07:28:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Joshua Gordons homepage 
I'm planning to write to josh re photonics,get something going.Getting a nibble on line 2...>>Thanks for the email.  Can I post it on anti-state's
forum?  I think many would find it interesting.
Bob Murphy<<
Sure mate,were all anarchists here.
"Long live the revolution! Long live anarchy!" Hassan-I-Sabbah . . . the only spiritual leader with anything to say in the Space Age.
~~ William S. Burroughs

@_date: 1999-04-25 07:50:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Water Wars 
Western U.S.
For sixty years, ancestral lands of indigenous peoples have been used for testing nuclear weapons, experimenting with biological and chemical warfare agents, incinerating and burying hazardous wastes, and mining uranium. The Nevada (Nuclear) Test Site (NTS) is part of a continued illegal corporate and military occupation of the Western Shoshone Nation, Newe Sogobia. The Department of Energy has exploded plutonium, called a subcritical test, at NTS 17 times since 1997, leaving radioactive substances in the ground that filters into the largest aquifer in Southern Nevada.
Yucca Mountain and Skull Valley are currently targeted as the only national nuclear waste dumps for nuclear power plants. Plans are in place to begin the shipment of over 77,000 tons of deadly spent nuclear fuel rods and weapons waste to Newe Sogobia. If the recently approved Yucca Mountain dump isn't stopped, nuclear waste will travel through 43 states, increasing risks of radiation exposure to millions.
October marks the tenth anniversary of the U.S. moratorium on full-scale nuclear weapons tests. In honor of the anniversary and in resistance, the Shundahai Network is organizing the Action for Nuclear Abolition in Nevada. The campaign will kick off with the Family Spirit Walk for Mother Earth and conclude with ongoing nonviolent occupations, blockades and other actions.
[ Utah IMC | HEAL Utah | Nuclear Information and Resource Service ]

@_date: 1999-04-25 08:49:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ratfucking redux 
Rent a mob cross state lines for shrubs grand theft auto.
"...In the Chicago Seven case, the jury acquitted all defendants of conspiracy charges, though finding five defendants – David Dellinger, Tom Hayden, Rennie Davis, Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin – individually guilty of inciting a riot, charges that later were reversed on appeal. Separate government investigations also faulted the Chicago police for using excessive violence to quell the 1968 protests.
Ironically, the kind of documentary evidence that might have proved valuable in tying up the loose ends of the Chicago Seven conspiracy is present in the new filings that the Bush recount committee made to the IRS. The evidence is clear that the Bush committee organized the movement of protesters across state lines, paid for their lodging, moved them into a position for the riot, and then defended their actions."

@_date: 1999-04-25 08:56:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Up your date 
The colonization of everyday life
"...a clause was smuggled into a security patch in June.
On the other hand, users already consent to similar conditions whenever they use the Windows Update facility - and few complain.
The change needn't apply to corporate users. Microsoft recently introduced Software Update Services, which allows managed upgrades across the Intranet to users with Active Directory. (So you don't have thousands of desktops hitting Microsoft servers at once).
We've asked Microsoft if this was a legal or a technical decision, and what was behind the decision to make installation of the service packs conditional on this clause. We await their reply.
Related Stories
MS security patch EULA gives Billg admin privileges on your box
Anti-EULA script removes offending text
Hows that supersecure SUSE going vulture?

@_date: 1999-04-25 09:08:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Activists break into parliament house grounds. 
INDONESIAN police have used water cannon against protesters who broke into the grounds of parliament, demanding that legislators approve key constitutional reforms
"...several protesters began rocking and climbing the heavy steel gates at the main entrance.
The cheering demonstrators toppled the gates..."
Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell.

@_date: 1999-04-25 09:15:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Artful dodger. 
VICTORIA'S worst toll evader yesterday admitted taking an extra 14 free trips on CityLink.	
Christos Katsimalis, 69, walked from court in February this year after avoiding more than $22,000 in fines for 223 trips on the toll road without an e-tag.
He was convicted and handed a bill of almost $9000 for CityLink's court costs, but avoided further penalty after the magistrate heard his English was poor.
Yesterday Mr Katsimalis pleaded guilty to a further 14 counts, overlooked during the earlier cases. He was again convicted without further penalty and ordered to pay $560 in costs.END
City link relies on a Chaum style e-reader over the road.One with obvious brinworld possibilities.I told you I have an AP trial date set for sept 11.Anniversary of hugely succesfull anti-wef demo in Melb.2000.

@_date: 1999-04-25 09:40:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Activists laptop seized by tri-state task force. 
Detectives investigating the suicide of Gold Coast grandmother Nancy Crick today seized computers and records from euthanasia doctor Philip Nitschke's home outside Darwin
AKiss your computer goodbye phill,you may not see it for over a year.Mine went off last june...2001.
ctivists Computer confiscation.

@_date: 1999-04-25 10:03:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Plot to conspire against the State,"Police chief arrested. 
Police reject new chief
August 06, 2002
WELLINGTON, New Zealand: The Vanuatu government held an emergency meeting after the police rejected the appointment of a new chief and officers arrested him and 14 other senior civil servants and civilians.
Prime Minister Edward Natapei has condemned the arrests on Sunday of the 15 people on charges of seditious conspiracy as "unlawful and irresponsible."
But he denied that the police action amounted to a revolt that threatened the government of this tiny 80-island nation in the Pacific Ocean.
"No coup has taken place in Vanuatu. What happened was triggered by dissatisfaction by police officers over the appointment of the new commissioner of police," he said on Sunday.
He said the government, which was re-elected for a second term in May, had the situation under control.
Among those arrested was the newly appointed commissioner of police, Mael Apisai, a former police captain who had been made redundant in 1998. He was appointed last week by the Police Service Commission - a government-appointed body.
Also arrested and charged with sedition were attorney-general Ham Bulu, several senior civil servants, three members of the police service commission, the private secretary to the country's head of state, Father John Bani, and a senior member of Natapei's staff.
A spokesman for the 700-strong Vanuatu police officers' corps, Api Jack Marikembo, said they had not broken the law in making the arrests.
He said police were simply enforcing the law based on solid evidence of a plot to conspire against the state. He did not elaborate.
The 15 detainees were released on bail by a judge, who gave police until August 19 to complete their investigations. The arrested men were scheduled to reappear in court at that time.
Martin Jones, publisher of the main newspaper, The Trading Post, said the Cabinet was meeting today to discuss the matter.
"Business is normal, there is no danger on the streets," Jones said in a telephone interview.
A mostly Melanesian nation of 200,000 formerly known as the New Hebrides, Vanuatu gained independence from Britain and France in 1980 after 74 years of joint colonial rule.
A country of thinly populated, fertile volcanic islands, it lies near the equator. With an economy based mainly on tourism, Vanuatu also exports dried coconut along with small amounts of coffee, cocoa and other farm products.

@_date: 1999-04-25 10:28:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Micemen. 
"...It blows my mind that these VC guys, who spent 20 years blathering about Ayn Rand capitalism, don't just admit that they live and work in a stagnant monopoly. What a bunch of limp-wristed sissies these captains of industry turned out to be, all these swaggering mercenaries so eager to punch out the bureaucrats in the free market. They're a race of slaves! They're like deer in the market's headlights, they creep around like mice."
funny talk from bruce Sterling.

@_date: 1999-04-25 11:58:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Caymen on the run. 
Salon back on song!
"...Caymans is a favorite ploy of companies looking to avoid paying their fair share of taxes -- Enron had 692 subsidiaries there -- that wasn't the reason Harken or Halliburton had done it..."
Arbusto and Co are shown as the gutless, mean-spirited, utterly self-centred and cruel characters that they really are.

@_date: 1999-04-25 12:28:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ohio stinks,ask me why. 
Cincinnati Marriott Caves in to Pressure; Eliminates Adult Pay-Per-View
 From the Cincinnati Enquirer: The Citizens for Community Values in Cincinnati have waged a war against the Marriott hotel chain and won. Warned by local prosecutors that obscenity charges could be brought against them, operators of the Cincinnati Marriott Northeast have decided to stop offering pay-for-view adult movies to guests. CCV, an anti-pornography group assisted in getting the movies removed from the hotel by videotaping the in-room movies and forwarding tapes to the prosecutor. Other Greater Cincinnati hotels are being targeted in similar fashion.
Phil Burress, president of theCCV, said “we're ecstatic” and that the CCV hopes for similar cooperation from other area prosecutors and hotel owners. Scott Greenwood, general counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Ohio, blasted CCV's hotel campaign as “fundamentalist, right-wing wackos ... trying to apply the lowest, most restrictive standards to something that is broadcast around the world. It's appalling. It's clearly a pressure tactic and it's anti-First Amendment and anti-personal autonomy,” Greenwood, a Cincinnati-based attorney went on to say.
In June Marriott officials at the Mason hotel were contacted by Warren County Prosecutor Tim Oliver and told that the hotel's satellite TV adult programming, which he described as “quite explicit,” violated Ohio obscenity law and that they face possible charges should they continue to offer the service to guests. The hotel's decision to at least temporarily withdraw the adult service also pleased Oliver, who said, “That's what we wanted them to do.”
In a July 24 letter to Oliver's office, Mason Marriott lawyer William O'Brien wrote that while the 302-room hotel is “committed to traditional family values,” it is also a business that caters to all members of the public, many of whom have widely varying tastes and opinions. O'Brien stated that though the hotel has removed the adult movie option for guests, it has “reserved the right to change its position.” He added, however, that any resumption of the adult entertainment would be accompanied by a notification to the prosecutor's office.
An estimated 40 percent of the nation's hotels offer adult movie options, accounting for about 90 percent of pay-per-view revenue, according to Burress. Burress said his group is stepping up its efforts to wipe out what he described as the hotel industry's “white-collar pornography” because “they have started to bring in the hard stuff,” he said, referring to explicitly graphic adult movies. He said he is concerned that guests automatically have the option of accessing such adult fare rather than having to request the programming from the hotel and that children in the rooms “are only two or three clicks on a remote control from getting into it” — although hotels usually offer guests the ability to have the adult fare blocked.
Ohio anti-First Amendment porn law put on hold
[AP] A federal judge has temporarily blocked enforcement of Ohio's new anti-pornography law, saying it's too broad and appears to violate the constitutional right of free speech.
U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice on Friday issued a temporary restraining order at the request of attorneys for bookstores, newspapers and video software dealers. The law adds computer images to the list of possible ways to display sexually explicit material and other content deemed "harmful to juveniles." Lawmakers passed the bill in February, and Gov. Bob Taft signed it in May.
In his decision, Rice said the law's definition of what is harmful to juveniles is too broad and outlaws conduct and expression protected by the First Amendment.
As written, the law could affect publishers, booksellers and others who disseminate material to juveniles, Rice said. The temporary restraining order keeps the law from going into effect today. Rice said he will grant a preliminary injunction later, which is indefinite and could result in a trial.
Prosecutors origianlly welcomed the new law, saying it would allow authorities to put sexual predators behind bars longer.
"We could use this statute as something else in our arsenal," Craig King, assistant Greene County prosecutor, said earlier. "It would give us another charge to throw in."
When predators send pornography or nude photos of themselves over the Internet, they can only be charged with attempted dissemination of matter harmful to juveniles, a misdemeanor, since the detectives aren't really minors, King said.
Under the new law, the predators could be charged with a felony and face up to a year more jail time, he said.
But bookstores, publishers and video software dealers who sued the state argued that the law would violate their First Amendment rights and would restrict Internet communications.
In a hearing before Rice on July 31, Elise Porter, an assistant Ohio attorney general, said the law attempts to modernize the way Ohio fights pornography and gives authorities more tools to go after sexual predators who use the Internet to prey on juveniles.
Michael Bamberger, the attorney for opponents of the law, said the statute is too broad, and its definition of what is harmful to juveniles is difficult to understand. He said the law would have a chilling effect on the dissemination of constitutionally protected speech and expression.
Courts in six other states struck down attempts at similar restrictions, he said. State Rep. Jim Hughes, R-Columbus, sponsored the law after a case he handled while an assistant Franklin County prosecutor.
In the case, Mark Maxwell, of Oxford, was sentenced to 18 years in prison in 1999 on charges that he enticed minors into sex through Internet chat rooms and e-mail. Some of the charges were dismissed because jurors said the law on disseminating pornography did not include electronic images, Hughes has said.

@_date: 1999-04-25 15:05:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: God I'm a pig. 
Whoops,God IS a pig.
! Willful Disobedience Vol. 3, No. 2:
A Few Words: Avoiding Moral Vanguardism
Against Compromise
The Machinery of Control: A Critical Look at Technology
No Act of Revolt is Futile
Not Just Producers --from Canenero
Revolutioinary Solidarity --from At Daggers Drawn
The State is One
Hunger Strike
A Tactic Expanded
Social Subversion or Terrorism
Beyond Selective Service
A Call for Solidarity with Cypriot Anarchists
A Letter from Marco Camenisch
Captured in the Net --by Alberto
In the Whirpool of the Passion --from Canenero
"Be Realistic, Demand the Impossible" ?
Death of a Despicable Man
Different Here
Like a Church --Massimo Passamani
News and Shorts:::
NEW online! Willful Disobedience Vol. 3, No. 1:
A Few Words: Plundering the Arsenal
The Refusal of Representatioin
Work: The Theft of Life
There are no natural Catastrophes
Beyond Slow Death
And God is a Pig

@_date: 1999-04-26 10:06:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hetts memory hole 
>>> By PAUL KRUGMAN ...a well-known crypto-anarchist and anarchocapitalist. ;-) Cheers, RAH <<
R. A. Hettinga
Well known false prophet and crashing bore.
'Trifecta' gets a mention at Scroll down.I cant keep feeding you like babies.
"We have always been at war with Oceania bin laden."

@_date: 1999-04-26 10:27:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Vulture Capitalism. 
Privacy arms race...
And NICP FUD
Anyone bother with the regus? I prefer pommie carrion meself.

@_date: 1999-04-26 11:29:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The PROMIS of Guatamala,the old South Africa. 
Honeywell helped the phoenix program in 'nam and PROMIS stolen software helped round em up in guatamala and the old south africa.This mob just got 80 million to be the next.
here in Australia.
But first, a little background information about CSC. We are a full-scope, global IT services company. We pride ourselves on providing real solutions to customers' business problems. These solutions range from management consulting, systems development, systems integration to outsourcing. Our solutions are based on experience, innovation and total capability.
Being part of the global CSC offers our customers here access to some of the world's best people, processes, intellectual property and technology. We leverage the very best ideas and approaches from our worldwide industry verticals (such as Financial Services and Healthcare). We access those market-leading services from our global operations (like Outsourcing) to complement the regional and local relationships developed with our customers.
The DoD's Computer Investigations Training Program offered its first class, Introduction to Computer Search and Seizure, in September 1998.
The U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) is awarding a contract worth US$86.9 million to train cybercrime fighters.
According to news sources, the DoD announced that the contract will go to Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), an El Segundo, California-based firm with over 68,000 employees and revenue for its last fiscal year of $11.1 Computer Sciences will use the money to assist the DoD's Computer Investigations Training Program (DCITP), instructing various agencies in the best methods for combating computer-based crime and for maintaining the security of defense-related computer networks from counterintelligence and other incursions.
Agencies whose operatives receive training under DCITP include the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, the Army Criminal Investigations Division, the Air Force Office of Special Investigations, the Defense Computer Forensics Lab, the Defense Criminal Investigative Services and the 902nd Military Intelligence Group.
Huge Increase

@_date: 1999-04-26 11:47:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cyber-dissident sentenced to 11 years in jail 
08.6.2002 - A Chinese court handed down the harshest sentence ever given to a cyberdissident. Li Dawei was sentenced on 24 June to eleven years in prison for downloading and printing pro-democratic documents. The former policeman has been found guilty of trying to "subvert the state power".
To hell with you TREI!

@_date: 1999-04-26 11:53:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Norge-Nippon 
The Norweigan "Byrett" (district court) will try the Jon Johansen DVD case on December 9, 2002. The trial was supposed to take place this summer, but the court decided to postpone the trial to find a technology savvy judge. The case will be tried by one judge and a panel of two lay assessors.
Jon Johansen is being prosecuted by the Norwegian Economic Crime Unit (OKOKRIM) under Norwegian Criminal Code 145(2). Johansen created DeCSS software that can enable DVD playback on Linux. It is argued that the DeCSS software is a piracy tool.
EFF information on the Jon Johansen case.
Japan ID intro.
About 70 people demonstrated against the system Monday morning in front of Japan's Public Management Ministry in downtown Tokyo.
"Although we are not against the registry system in principle, we believe there are some privacy and security issues that still have not been dealt

@_date: 1999-04-26 12:10:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Beware the Military Industrial complex... and white slave 
President Truman, after an atomic bomb obliterated the population of Hiroshima, said: 'The world will note that the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, a military base.' "
"...DynCorp is a privately held company that relies on government contracts for over 95 percent of its business. Among other services, it provides pilots to the State Department; maintenance crews, communications specialists and weapons experts to the armed forces; and police officers to the U.N.
Ben Johnston claims that buying prostitutes -- many of whom were clearly underage -- had become so common among DynCorp employees at Camp Comanche, outside Tuzla, Bosnia, that he was forced to report the problem to the U.S. Army's Criminal Investigative Command..."

@_date: 1999-04-26 12:23:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bomb thrown in Court - Tehelka bust.-Fragging? Station 
"A friend of mine was blown up on the bench."
NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Wednesday granted bail to Tehelka investigation editor Aniruddha Bahal, who was arrested earlier on charges of manhandling a CBI officer.The bail was granted by Metropolitan Magistrate Reena Singh Nag when Bahal was produced before her.
Granting him bail on the personal bond of Rs 25,000 and a surety for the like amount, she said that Bahal had to surrender his passport within a week.
Bahal was arrested by Delhi Police on Wednesday morning following a CBI complaint that he had manhandled one of the officers of the investigating CBI Deputy Superintendent of Police N S Kharayat, who is probing a case under the Official Secrets Act involving some scribes of the news portal and home ministry officials, had alleged that Bahal had abused and manhandled him when he had gone to the Tehelka office in connection with the probe on Monday.
Police has registered a case against Bahal under sections 186 (voluntarily obstructing a public servant in the discharge of his public function), 353 (assaulting or using criminal force to any person being a public servant in execution of his duty), and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC.
animal fat on trigger probably.

@_date: 1999-04-26 12:30:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Nest Vile.Heading West like a rash of eurotrash. 
The director of the CDC and a Louisiana health official discuss the latest West Nile Virus cases.
An update on the West Nile Virus, which has caused five deaths in Louisiana this year. The director of the CDC and the secretary of the Louisiana Department of Health discuss the latest news on the virus. "...You can't totally eradicate it. We can mitigate it. We can try to minimize it, and we're doing everything we can to do that, but the CDC scientists tell us that there's no way that we could ever eradicate it totally. This is a permanent condition in Louisiana and probably in the United States as well"
Much like crypto anarchy and anarchist capitalism and the liberal press,I

@_date: 1999-04-26 12:38:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Guns and Laptops,Oh YEAH! 
"This problem has sparked consequences, in criminal acts and danger to national security. According to the reports, the problem of missing guns at the FBI, in particular, is a mess, and it's been that way for years. It stems from weak discipline, lax standards, tardy reporting and few, if any, --Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, a senior member of the Judiciary Committee
The FBI, the Immigration and Naturalization Service and other parts of the Justice Department have lost track of hundreds of guns and laptop computers, according to a report indicating that recordkeeping problems at the agencies are even worse than previously disclosed.

@_date: 1999-04-26 13:22:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Atlanta Vice 
Atlanta Suspends Vice Unit
[From AP] The prostitute business in Atlanta should do a brisk business- at least in the next couple of days. That's because the Atlanta police department has suspended undercover vice operations aimed at prostitution after an officer shot and killed a suspected prostitute — one of four fatal police shootings in the past three months. Members of the 10-member vice squad will be temporarily reassigned while officers in marked cars perform their duties.
Police Chief Richard Pennington said he suspended the undercover vice operations "out of concern for the safety of our officers and citizens." Atlanta police have mowed down 12 people this year, killing five, the largest number of police shootings since 1995. On Monday, an officer shot a suspected prostitute four times after she sprayed him with pepper gas and stabbed him in the face and arms when he tried to arrest her, police said. The officer was in stable condition at Grady Memorial Hospital. On July 14, a plainclothes officer killed an 18-year-old, who police said was trying to run over the officer. Relatives and friends said the teen was fleeing because he felt threatened.
Timothy may have believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther

@_date: 1999-04-26 13:28:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Wahl for mayor.Vote for a change. 
A Chat With T.L. Wahl- St. Louis' First Amendment Advocate- Rob Black Ain't the Only Porn Guy to Have Run for Mayor
Vegas is going nuts trying to legislate lap dancing, and a bunch of right wing religious goofballs in Cincinnati got the Marriott Corp. to cave in on the showing of pay-per-view movies in a Marriott. This of course prompted us to give TL Wahl a call and see what was doing in St. Louis. Wahl along with his wife Suzie was a recipient of the Hal Freeman Freedom Isn't Free Award at the recent Night of the Stars. [Ironically the "Stars" have to pay to go to a benefit honoring them.]
Wahl likes to say he's the only guy in America convicted twice of prostitution for having sex with his own wife. Wahl runs openly advertised $200 "educational seminars," but the cops in St. Charles County saw it another way and figured Wahl's brand of Tupperware party was more like hooking. Having lost at the appellate level, Wahl asked the Missouri Supreme Court to hear his case but as yet hasn't received an answer. Wahl also writes and comments on First Amendment issues.
Gene: Anything new on your legal front?
Wahl: Oddly enough, we have not heard back from the Missouri Supreme Court as to whether or not they will hear our case. It's taken quite awhile. That's unusual. Otherwise things here are kind of quiet.
Gene: Are you still doing your educational seminars.
Wahl: We're not doing performances at this moment. They told us in St. Charles County that if we did the show again, we'd get 30 days in jail. And they use the word "show". Thirty days in jail would be pretty hard for me to take financially.
Gene: You're pretty active on the local political scene.
Wahl: Yeah. I've run for state representative. I've run for alderman here in St. Louis and I ran for mayor of Lake St. Louis. Suzie applied for the job of police chief back in 1991. When I ran for mayor I put together a booklet listing the issues that I thought were confronting the city. And I walked on foot every street in the city and knocked on every door of every resident in the city. I didn't win the election but that booklet was well regarded. But a lot of people used and referred to that booklet as far as the issues that would have to be dealt with. They did come to a boil and did have to be dealt with. A lot of the times the solutions I had proposed were the ones they ended up using.
Gene: I think Cincinnati's going to be the start of some pesky little First Amendment mosquito bites
Wahl: It goes back and forth. This being basically a theocracy in disguise, whenever they get a chance with a national threat or a national emergency they take that opportunity to swing the pendulum their way. But that's okay. We're not quitting. One of the things that we've considered doing in St. Louis is offering our performances for free. The problem with our performances is that there's sex and there's money. They consider that prostitution. Thereby we'd circumvent the whole prostitution aspect of it. We haven't worked real hard on that in finding a location, but that is a possibility and we'll see what the court rules. One day we may put the seminar on for free and see what they come up with next. I don't think they'd ever get us on obscenity because we offer scientific value in our Gene: What are your feelings about receiving the Freedom Isn't Free Award.
Wahl: I was really genuinely honored. I remember when I heard about that award many years ago I really did think I'd like to have that some day. At the same time I'm kind of embarrassed because there I am in the room with the previous award winner who took a bullet in the back and is paralyzed for life. I got the award without being physically attacked, permanently attacked or spending any real time in jail. I haven't been through what some of those guys have been through.
Gene: How long have you been active as far as First Amendment issues.
Wahl: We were outed by our controversy in September 9, 1991 when the cops came in with a bogus search warrant [the Wahl's had an amateur video company] in honor of the local police chief's political campaign. They came in with a bogus search warrant, had a very public parade and we blew it all up in their faces. That's when we decided the best defense was a good offense. We've been very vocal about every issue, particularly censorship issues ever since then. When the local county prosecutor held a sideline job teaching law courses at the community college and told those people in the classroom that his opinion making an X-rated video was an act of prostitution, I sued him for libel. I also sued him for having a part time job. I sued the prosecutor on and on. I filed five or six lawsuits against him. His name was Tim Braun. None of the suits went anywhere. They were more of nuisance suits than anything else but they got in the newspaper and got us press. It drew attention to issues and we helped get him beat finally. A couple of years ago he publicly announced that at the behest of a local censorship group, Citizens Against Pornography, he was going after local video stores. They sent letters to the local video stores telling them they had better get rid of their stuff or face prosecution. I went around to the stores and said we need to have an organized effort to get this guy out of office. They trusted me with their mailing lists. Here I am, a mail order guy but I promised them I wouldn't use their mailing lists for my own purposes. I didn't. I printed up flyers

@_date: 1999-04-26 14:26:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Herd shot around the world 
meat-recall information kept hidden
by Allison Sherry and David Migoya, Denver Post - August 07, 2002
It was difficult or impossible for Americans to find out where E. coli- contaminated meat was shipped in recent weeks because federal law protects company secrets.
Consumers were left even more vulnerable because of disjointed communication among government agencies that are supposed to protect them.
Those lapses put more than a week between the day 354,200 pounds of beef were recalled and the time some consumers found out about it. One Douglas County teenager was sickened by ConAgra meat in that period.
Responding to what happened in Colorado, the state, ConAgra and a grocery chain have taken steps to better inform the public next time there's a recall.
"We would be more proactive and react on it quicker because of this experience," said Patti Klocker, assistant director for consumer protection at the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment. "We could have given the heads-up to the consumers a little quicker."

@_date: 1999-04-26 14:29:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dutch Treat 
A Capsule History of the Dutch Provos
By Teun Voeten provos It's no secret that Holland has the most liberal drug laws in the world, especially when it comes to cannabis. What you may not realize, however, is that these laws were enacted thanks to the efforts of the Dutch Provos. The Provos set the stage for the creation of the Merry Pranksters, Diggers, and Yippies. They were the first to combine non-violence and absurd humor to create social change. They created the first "Happenings" and "Be-Ins." They were also the first to actively campaign against marijuana prohibition. Even so, they remain relatively unknown outside of Holland. Now, for the first time, their true story is

@_date: 1999-04-26 16:52:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: First we take mi-cro-soft...then we take IBM. 
Microsoft has welcomed the noise surrounding the announcement of its Palladium initiative -- a planned security-oriented overhaul of how hardware and software interact with each other. While some analysts seem skeptical about Microsoft's ability to wed the Windows operating system to its security and privacy plans -- some of which are based on a new security chip capable of cryptography and other defense measures -- they said the company is one of the only technology players capable of pulling it off.
Full Story

@_date: 1999-04-26 17:01:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: War Tax Resistance,so? 
Book review from the Whole Earth Review magazine. E-mail to (wer at well.sf.ca.us) for more info about the magazine. War Tax Resistance (A Guide to Withholding Your Support From the Military) Ed Hedemann, 1992; 131 pp. $14.95 ($17.95 postpaid) from New Society Publishers, 4527 Springfield Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19143; 800/333-9093 About half of your income tax goes to support the military, past and present. About 80 percent of the national debt is attributable to the military. For moral reasons or just plain outrage at expensive toilet seats and bombers that dont fly, there is cause for both liberal and conservative to decry the spending of such huge sums on killing when there are so many more pressing needs. What can you do about this matter? Can you refuse to support the military by paying only half your taxes? If you do that, what will happen next? Are there ways to avoid paying for the military and stay out of trouble? (Yes.) This book, now in its fourth edition since 1981, presents the tax resistance arguments, the rules of the game, your options for personal action, and the probable results. Maddening, tantalizing and realistic.
Maybe its too late.

@_date: 1999-04-26 17:20:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: A new leaner meaner lab rat. 
Apropo of nowt much I just saw bits of 'fight club'.The zombie box drones away in the background,hoping against hope for another blockbuster live from the evil empire.FC?Dumb movie,but a few trick scenes inc the finale.2 stars and a bandaid.
Steven Seagall does better norte americano style violencia.
Placing a stethoscope on your boxen,(or a proctoscope in yr laptop,whatever.)
"A signature analysis sensor is one to two years away," Mr. Siegel says. "I do think that it will be a hot area and will be surprised if it isn't established as a discipline."
I am totally discombobulated...
VC lingo once reflected the bigger-better-faster themes of the Bubble. Now it's all about weaponry, air travel and needlework.
FREE MARTHA STEWART!

@_date: 1999-04-26 17:39:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The evil that men do lives on and on. 
Living proof,I know.
Al Martins writing a book...
Meets Mother Jones
They are shown as the gutless, mean-spirited, utterly self-centred and cruel characters that they really are,yet
the bush crime family goes on and on.How long oh lord,HOW LONG!

@_date: 1999-04-26 18:25:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AnCap Thread on APster 
Relive 1996 C/punks!
Fave quote so far..."When eBay first came out I remember a lot of people saying that without verification of identity on each end of the transactions the vast majority of eBay would just be anonymous fraud."

@_date: 1999-04-26 18:33:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: One last FLING.Speech without limits 
How do you get around the possibility that the Fed will simply look up the IP address of the APst
 AP website via DNS, find out who the ISP is, and make the ISP give up the name of the person being billed for the server's access?
The naming scheme used isn't DNS, it's a Fling based hierarchical-naming scheme that just looks very similar to DNS from a nontechnical users point of view. It looks up "route balls" (the technique used to untraceably set up a data stream) rather than IP addresses. it's also based on a "peer-to-peer root plane" rather than the single (coercible, corruptable, unsubtle) primary root that DNS uses.
Making the IP adress unfindable is a primary goal of Fling.
Speech without limits
Fling is a new suite of internet protocols that perform the function of DNS, TCP, and UDP in a manner that's both untraceable and untappable. Fling protects clients from servers, servers from clients, and both from an eavesdropper in-between. The result is that anyone can serve or retrieve any data, without fear of censure.

@_date: 1999-04-27 05:33:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Nitschke: Beyond good and evil. 
Nitschke: Beyond good and evil.
"We lost two computers, many, many disks and files, all of them electronic," said Dr Nitschke shortly after the Darwin raid. "Not much in the way of paper material, but some drugs that are part of this medical "When they turned up, they drove in en masse and came straight in. I was working at my computer, which is now gone."
Dr Nitschke said anything the police couldn't open was "bolt-cuttered".
Dr Nitschke said Exit Australia had temporarily lost contact with its clients.
"I've got heaps of patients, I contact them a lot and need that stuff back as fast as possible," he said.
"The police said they would work quickly and give me a copy of my disks. They said they would hold on to (the original) material for as long as they needed it."
They work fast phill,regular speed freaks.(actually drug squad 'B' in Vic.are!)
For next time and interested bystanders...Tricks of the trade (FROM Computer forensics tips
By Michael Jackman, TechRepublic
07 August 2002.Znet)Extract...
Incident response staff will need to understand the tricks used to thwart investigators and hide evidence. These tricks might include:
Hiding data within files, such as .gif and .jpg pictures, a practice called Altering filenames and extensions to disguise evidence as innocent files, such as renaming a pornographic .jpg to gotmail.wav.
Hiding files in unlikely places.
Using Zero Link files (in Unix) that don’t associate with any directory.
Modifying operating system utilities so that certain data is not listed or found during keyword searches.
Sabotaging a computer so that, if it is investigated, a logic bomb will be triggered. Saboteurs also give hostile programs friendly names such as Erasing files or disk space with file shredding utilities.
These techniques represent just some of the tricks investigators are up against. Don’t wait until an incident has happened—create an incident response procedure now and invest in training and tools. If you wait for an incident to happen before acting, your company (and your reputation) will be damaged. In the meantime, these tips will help you determine whether an investigation is being conducted professionally.
Additional resources
1. Web sites
High Technology Crime Investigative Association—This organisation accepts members from law enforcement, corporate management, and corporate security staff. However, anyone may download its newsletter containing forensic tips and information. The June 2002 issue, for example, contained tips on how to recover deleted Outlook e-mail by corrupting and then rebuilding a copied Outlook .pst file.
LC Technology International makes sophisticated data recovery tools and provides forensics training and investigative services.
The Department of Justice offers guidelines for searching and seizing SecurityStats.com provides digests of the latest statistics and analyses relating to computer security. These stats will help you justify a forensics budget to cover equipment, staff, and training.
The Department of Justice Cybercrime Web site has news, articles, and other Same DoJ?-JUDICIARY COMMITTEE REPORT CALLS FOR INDEPENDENT COUNSEL TO INVESTIGATE THE INSLAW CONTROVERSY

@_date: 1999-04-27 06:04:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The crimes of Exxon go on and on. 
Re Doe et al v ExxonMobil et al (1.21MB PDF)
US State Dept letter that attempts to squelch a lawsuit against ExxonMobil for alleged human rights abuses, including murder, torture, kidnapping and rape, committed by the military unit guarding the company's natural-gas operations in Indonesia - 'the adjudication of these claims could prejudice the Government of Indonesia and Indonesian businesses against US firms bidding on contracts in extractive and other industries'
( US State Dept via ILRF )
See also this ILRF campaign page for links to the complaint itself and related documents, this Reuters coverage, and the Stop ExxonMobil website

@_date: 1999-04-27 06:17:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Would you rather be APsterized? 
More 'killer application' pr,RIP!,MIX!,BURN!...Literally! Clipper was boring the first time round,can we just pull the plug on these fools now,please? Give them some hot lead 'content'. Palladium boosters need killing NOW,we dont need a brushfire in midsummer.
Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell

@_date: 1999-04-27 09:59:04
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ojal from El Paso.  
Mexico: New Drug Gang Alliances May Spread Overseas
7 August 2002
Mexico's drug-trafficking industry is evolving into smaller, more compartmentalized and discreet criminal enterprises in which alliances between rival gangs are being viewed as more profitable than trying to kill each other off. This new preference for alliances instead of gunplay may soon lead to expanded associations between Mexican gangs and organized criminal groups from other Latin American countries as well as Europe, Russia and Asia.
Mexico's illegal drug-trafficking industry is restructuring rapidly into smaller, lower-profile criminal organizations following the death earlier this year of Ramon Arellano Felix -- leader of the Tijuana drug cartel -- and arrest of his brother Benjamin, The Associated Press reported Aug. 3. At the same time, the center of power of Mexico's drug-trafficking industry has moved from Tijuana in Baja, Calif. to Ciudad Juarez in the state of Chihuahua, just across the border from El Paso, Texas.
Mexico's evolving drug-trafficking organizations are smaller, more compact networks in which competing drug lords now seek to work cooperatively instead of killing their rivals, as the Arellano Felix brothers were fond of doing. Moreover, the shift in power to Ciudad Juarez means there likely will be a significant surge in narcotics smuggling from north-central and northeastern Mexico into the states of Texas and New Mexico. But southern California may see a drop in narcotics smuggling from Tijuana.
Get your drug war on at...
art I: Violence-Prone Netwars
Chapter Two: The Networking of Terror in the Information Age
Chapter Three: Transnational Criminal Networks
Chapter Four: Gangs, Hooligans, and Anarchists - The Vanguard of Netwar In the Streets
Part II: Social Netwars
Chapter Five: Networking Dissent: Cyber Activists Use the Internet to Promote Democracy In Burma
Chapter Six: Emergence and Influence of the Zapatista Social Netwar
Famous for humping camels.

@_date: 1999-04-27 10:08:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dumb Dumb Rum Bum. 
"We have not made many strides since I've been here in improving the intelligence take."
--Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, on the state of Military Intelligence
You said a bunch,bummy.
"...many countries and terrorist groups have learned how to thwart U.S. surveillance techniques.
Other technologies have "enabled people to burrow underground and find ways to prevent the rest of the world from knowing what it is they're doing,.."
Like in the FBI...The resignation of Collingwood, 54, is the latest in a wave of departures under FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III, who has replaced nearly all of the bureau's top executives since taking the helm last September...Officials declined to provide details of Collingwood's plans, but one source said he is expected to accept a job at MBNA Corp. The Wilmington, Del., credit card company has hired former director Louis J. Freeh and several other FBI veterans

@_date: 1999-04-27 10:39:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bork jr bags dad. 
Nixons revenge rides out.Slams sons photoshop cover pic.of Supremes.
Robert Bork Bio
Robert O. Bork received a BA in physics from Harvard University, an MS in from the University of California-Santa Cruz,
California...physics...omigod its MONGO!
Robert O. Bork received a B.A. in physics from Harvard University, an M.S. in physics from the University of California-Santa Cruz, and M.A. and Ph.D. degrees in architectural history from Princeton University. A specialist in the study of Gothic architecture
OH,Robert O Bork.The Bork that argues in his best-selling Slouching Towards Gomorrah that the Declaration of Independence is the principal cause of our moral decline.The mind googles.
Robert Bork has appeared on:
·       ·       Does Punishment Pay?
·       ·       Is the Press out of Control?
·       ·       Thomas Jefferson: Champion of Liberty or Dangerous Radical?
·       ·       Juries on Trial
·       ·       1994: The Year in Ideas
·       ·       Does Hollywood Hurt America?
·       ·       1995: The Year in Ideas
·       ·       Is America Doomed?
Bizarro world but at least a few of these questions are asked and answered.

@_date: 1999-04-27 10:43:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Abusive factory boss beaten by unpaid workers. 
A - I N F O S N E W S S E R V I C E  ________________________________________________ The media is outraged that workers beat the Director of the Odra Factory in Szczecin. In my opinion (they televised the incident), he clearly provoked that reaction by telling people quite openly to fuck off. It doesn't seem to occur to the media to be outraged that women at Odra Factory, which as far as I know is still exporting clothes, haven't been paid in six months. This is the first time we hear about it in the media. Now the police who didn't arrest workers are dismissed and some workers are arrested. This is an important step in workers' solidarity as workers from the Shipyards came to support the struggles of the women at Odra. Just recently members of Workers' Initiative from FA Szczecin criticized the Shipyard workers for failing to see their struggle as connected and show solidarity to other workers. Maybe things will start to change.

@_date: 1999-04-27 11:04:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Parecon Vs the Primitive.Club Fight. 
"...I rather like the basic tenets of ParEcon, and, seem to think that technology will be able to help us figure out the crisis' we run into. Although, I do want a simpler life, and, have found that "technology" often doesn't help in that department...
Oh yeah, for those who havent seen this yet, check it:
Michael Albert Vs. the Green Anarchy Collective
There are only like 3 responses total, but, I am very interested in seeing the two "sides" battle it out. I tend to lean to "social anarchism", and, and intrigued by this debate. Enjoy! "FROM

@_date: 1999-04-27 11:12:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Split beaver denied max hardcore. 
Catalina Abused? "This Thug's A Real Menace!" sez Max Girl
Gene sez: We've contacted Steve Sweet to get his side of this story.
 Hi Gene, I’m in the middle of a long expedition with Max Hardcore and his crew  to Washington State , and Vancouver , British Columbia .  We were ALL on our way up to Vancouver , but the border guards were being total jerks, and wouldn’t let Max into Canada .  I know the guards rifled through my bags, and I’m sure one of them guys tried on my high heels because they were all stretched out the next time I wore them!  I’m putting that into up on my site at  and exposing these perverts!  I also have their pictures too!
None the less, the trip so far was great in one way for us, because Max we shot a pretty great scene with a new girl named Mia Sweet from Vancouver .  She’s a real hell-cat, so Max told me to shove my foot in her mouth AND in pussy while Max fucks her in the ass!  That’s what Max calls a Canadian Foot Warmer!
But - and I don’t want to seem like I’m whining here - I also HAVE to tell you and the world about an unbelievable experience I had with a Mia’s manager-pimp who’s a real asshole!  Even before the sex scenes I agreed to do for him up in Vancouver , this ass-wipe manhandled me so bad on the road up there that he left bruises you can see! This apes’ name is Steve Sweet, and he’s known for his nonfunctional cock, and pathetic internet site.  Max thought he knew this guy, (He doesn’t really), so I figure he’s okay.  Max lets Steve take me up to Vancouver to do a couple of scenes for him while Max shoots back in Washington .
After my three-way scene in Washington , Steve, Mia, and I drive in Steve’s car up to Vancouver .  My phone isn’t working, yet this fuck-wad won’t even let me use his phone to make any calls, so I’m nervous already.  Maybe he’s mad at me because I did such a good job fucking his whore Mia as you can see from the attached picture.  You can also see the whole scene on While riding up to Vancouver , I’m in the backseat while Mia is driving and Steve is in the passenger seat.  I’m ignoring them both, simply occupying myself with a crossword puzzle, and for no better reason than not paying enough attention to him, he grabs my puzzle book from me and slams it on the floor.  He starts yelling at me, saying he isn’t obligated to let me use his phone.  He keeps telling me to shut the fuck up or else.  I wish I had some mace and a blackjack at this point.  Mia’s phone is in the back seat connected to her bag, so I call Max, telling him I’m pretty worried here, but the whole ugly situation isn’t evident yet, as Steve turns into a sweet guy while talking with Max, so I continue for the time being.
When I get off the phone with Max, Steve starts yelling all over again, calling me a bitch, and that he’s going to drop me off in the middle of the forest!  I start to call Max again, and he jumps right on top of me, tears the phone out of my hands, and screams that I ain’t calling anyone! I yell at him to get off me, but he won’t. He’s hurting my hands, arms and chest because his whole 200 pounds of blubber is on top of me!  I’m crying and all he does is yell some more and start choking me.
I tell him I’m calling the cops, and this nightmare continues when I he drops off at a hotel where all rooms were booked!  I’m all alone there for a long time, until he comes back again, and tells me not to worry.  He wants me to work for him, and tells me things will be okay.  I didn’t have many options at this point, and in spite of my better judgment, I agree to do some PROFESSIONAL work for him, IF he behaves himself and I have a secure place to stay.
Right!  He takes me to his house on the water where he shoots.  But he immediately does the wrong thing, ordering me to take off my pants and play with myself.  Then, and I have no better way of putting this, he forces me to give him a blow job!  He’s lucky I don’t want to hang around long enough to press charges!
He wants me to work with him for two days and fuck two guys and work scenes with fisting for $500.  I’m so violated, I get my bags ready to go in the morning and hitchhike back to America !
This guy is such an asshole!  He orders me to say that I love him, and his big cock, (which, I can assure you, is not that big OR hard), and makes me say that I liked doing everything he tells me.  I’m so exhausted and fed up with his crap, I tell him I just want to go to bed.  His response is to tell him that he wants me to do a scene now – and it’s like two o’clock the morning!  No fucking way, I tell him! He finally gives up, and I’m allowed to go to my room. I lock the door, but I’m terrified that he’ll come in at any time, but fortunately he never does.  Needless to say, I didn’t get much rest this night!  In the morning, I tell him I’m not going to tolerate anymore of his crap.  So he surrenders and takes me to the bus station so I can get down to Seattle where Max is shooting.  This thug Steve Sweet is a real menace, and needs to have some one put him into his place.  He’ll take care of himself soon enough, and I have no intention of ever going back there to finish his career.  I know he’ll take care of that all by himself soon enough.
And yes, I know some people say things like this about Max, but I have yet to see Max pull the kind of pushy crap this guy from Vancouver thinks he can get away with.  Max spells it out to the girls he and I work with before hand, and never ever does anything off camera.  On camera, Max is good to go, so if you don’t want to do something you better be ready to say no, and not just go along with it and whine later.  I have never really complained about someone in the business before in public.  But this guy Steve Sweet is really out of line and I want everybody to know what kind of a low life fuck this guy really is. ...Catalina
Gene sez: We also had the opportunity to chat with Max Hardcore [ who had this to say about the situation:
Max: This was pretty surprising to me. I figured I knew the guy. It's one thing to push the fuckin' broads on the set- as long as they know what's going on and are down with the program. But off camera it's a different thing. Tackling someone is a little weird. I told her that I knew the guy and did some business with him but if you want to tell the story it's your call. She got manhandled pretty well and I told her if you want to say something go ahead. There's so much crap being said on the Internet that you don't know what to believe any more but she felt that it was a story that needed to be told.
Gene: From what it sounds like she could be well within her rights to press Max: Absolutely. But it's problematic being across the border. But if nothing else this story needed to be told. Steve Sweet started out a few years ago doing this thing called Sweet Loads. It was a video series that came out of Xplor Media. The guy was in the footsteps of Stagliano and other people who had done the POV camera blowjob-thing. People are still doing that stuff. But he got fed up with the whole deal of video distribution so he started putting all his energy into websites and he's got a pretty good grip on it now. He's out of Vancouver with Sweet Loads and Sweet Entertainment. They make content for other webmasters to use for their webmasters. And he's also got a few other websites up there. He's pretty well dialed into the upper echelon of guys that know how to work the 'Net, like Cybererotica- big players, guys who have thousands of sites up. He's doing pretty good with that and shoots a lot up there. He gets girls no one else has seen. I got to meet him by way of working on my sites and he wants to do some content trades and shit like that. I met him a couple of times and he's a real hard charger but, frankly, this surprised me. I didn't get his side of the story. I thought it was only fair that I talk to him and instead of the phone I'll see him in Florida in a few days.
Sherman Survey results:
Gene: Hello, I recently sent out a survey trying to find out what people thought about the newest craze in the Adult Industry, that being the creation of "Action Figures" of Porn Stars....
Here's just a couple of the responses I got......
  I think they are designed for men who like to play with little girls. lol  No really,I think they are a gimmick to promote the star and get lots of mainstream publicity. I also think they will become a collectable that will go up in value.
Cindi Loftus
I don't see any true reasons why the action figures shouldn't be made.  I don't exactly think that you'll be finding any of them at your local toystore.  More like your adult bookstores and in special areas of some comic book and action figure stores.  What you will find at toy's r us are plenty of action figures and statues of many characters from horror films that are rated R.  Any child may purchase one of these without a parent's permission.  Basically, pornography is under so much government control that it usually only falls into a childs hands because of their own parents nonability to put things away.  My opinion...
Alana Evans
Well Sherman, obviously you are a little out of touch in the action figure market.  Now a days people buys those things and never open the packages because it would lower the resale value.  Never understood the logic of buying something you will never open but hey that is just me.
Now as far as Jenna's action figure goes I can't say I like the way it looks, but what the hey.  Sure why not.  They made trading cards for a while didn't they?
Lee Carver
It's trippers like you whom make it difficult for the adult industry to thrive in our Conservative Right Wing Republican government with retarded questions like: What are Children supposed to do with Action Figures of Porn stars?
Were you sexually abused as a child that you had access to erotica of *any* nature as a child and/or minor?  These action figures are intended for *adult* porn aficianados and *adult* collectors of all things porn.  As *adults*, they're capable of making *legal* consumer decisions.  Children should do *nothing* with *adult* action figures that they are not taught to do by their parents.  If they tell them to throw away *adult* action figures that they find *magically* lying around somewhere, then that's what they should do.  If they tell them to go out and steal *adult* action figures, because as *minors* they would not *legally* be able to purchase them, then they would probably be *your* parents.  Either way, you're just a small fish.
It's antagonists like you who no doubt talks like an advocate of Freedom of Speech, while never going to bat for the adult industry during voting time.  *Then* you capitalize off of an industry to whom you are just a leech; a symbiotic parasite that feeds off of the misery of others.  Misery that lame hypocrites like you help cause. I happen to know one of the creators of this product.  I talk to him almost every day, and he's a man of integrity.  He never made those action figures to be marketed to minors, they're collector's items.  And what are *adults* supposed to do with them?: Let 'em collect dust up on a shelf or stick 'em up their asses if they really want to. 'Cuz that's what makes America great.  Any antagonistic, ignorant, dreg-of-society like yourself can post their ignorant queries and insinuations via mass e-mail! God(s) Bless America, you stupid son-of-a-bitch!
P.S. ~ Only closet-pedophiles like yourself call adult films 'porno', but how successful would the adult industry be without end users like you buying their stuff?  Answer:  We don't know.  We don't do case studies of 'porno' people like you whose tendency is to immediately imagine children getting their hands on adult product.
do_er_up_th at yahoo.com
If you or anyone else would like to share their thoughts on this subject, please forward them to me at: onmyway2sherman at aol.com....

@_date: 1999-04-27 11:19:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Homeland Insecurity.2. 
Early this morning, US Marshals and MPD officers descended upon the Olive Branch Community's house at 1006 M Street, NW, to evict the residents of the building. The Marshals searched the building and removed some of the personal property belonging to Olive Branch residents. One resident described the eviction process as "political oppression."
The City Council voted Monday to put homeless people in jail if they are caught sitting or lying on downtown sidewalks. Violators of the new ordinance could face a $500 fine and 60 days in jail.

@_date: 1999-04-27 17:58:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Viva Zapata! 
1893 -- Emiliano Zapata's 13th birthday.
Of the group that joined Zapata, best-known was Antonio
Diaz Soto y Gama. A fiery orator, he was strongly
influenced by anarchist Peter Kropotkin's creed of the
good peasant. Among those who rallied to Zapata
was Octave Jahn.
AUGUST 8 EMILIANO ZAPATA
"Tierra y Libertad!"
Hero of two Mexican Revolutions
1879 -- Mexican revolutionary hero, anarchist Emiliano
Zapata lives! John Steinbeck scripts the film version.
"Zapata will continue to live as long as people believe that
they have a right to their land & a right to govern themselves
according to their deeply held beliefs & cultural values."
I would rather die standing than live on my knees!
Emiliano Zapata

@_date: 1999-04-27 18:54:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The great shame is I'm all out of Guiness. 
The "Young Ireland Movement," was led by William Smith O'Brian, Thomas O'Meagher, John Michell, Terence McManus and Patrick O'Donohue. In the heat of the revolutionary year of 1848, their country beset by famine and official neglect, they attempted a peaceful coup against British rule. They failed, of course, as did others - on both sides of the Anglo-Celtic divide - who sought Irish home rule. But one of their lasting achievements was the adoption of the tricolor Irish flag - originally given them during a visit to Paris as a present by their French sympathizers.
These were not the first revolutionaries - Irish rebellions date back way before Oliver Cromwell. But they were the best educated and the most articulate of their day, and as "The Great Shame" reveals, the loss of their leadership was profound. Transported as state prisoners to Van Diemens' Land (modern Tasmania), many of them - most notably Michell and Meagher - escaped to the United States. Meagher was the star, rising to a Union General during the Civil War, distinguishing himself at Fredericksburg and later becoming Governor of Montana. Michell, as if to prove that seemingly reasonable people can choose a radically different course, plunged into Confederate politics and became a die-hard secessionist.
Hugh Larkin's story serves as something of a prologue to the "Great Shame." A "Ribbonman," he was one of the many blue-collar Irishmen whose campaigns against the British, however passionate, remained localized to their particular home towns. When he journey to Australia, unlike the Young Irelanders, was permanent: he became a successful farmer and, after earning his freedom, a relatively prosperous New South Wales country merchant. Kenneally's own family is descended from him. Even Larkin's story, however, has its tragedies, with a wife and a little daughter left behind - there is simply no historic trace of the little girl's fate.
The closing chapters of The Great Shame deal with the Fenian Movement, its transportation to Western Australia and its own leaders' daring escape to America. Keneally also explores the collapse of Gladstone's Home Rule bill - and with it the last best hope for a peaceful settlement of Irish This is not only a terrific history of the time, it is a celebration of the links which bind four great English-speaking countries: Australia, Ireland, Britain and America.

@_date: 1999-04-27 19:54:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cryptosporidium;a new Palladium Remailer/Mint/APster 
I anticipate my Remailer/Mint/APster application,Cryptosporidium will be IPO ready soon as GUI detail tidy up the interface.My upcoming trial next week will not delay this as I've delegated the task of bringing the project up to speed on Mongo.Thats why you haven't heard from him for a while.Betas of the separate components,known as WILE for the remailer,CJD for the Mint and Eblola gay for the APster,checked out and the bolted together CryptoS 1.0 is humming.(command line only at the moment)
The GUI is taking time as we are having problems in the VC arena.Thats where C/punks comes in,for a modest investment,you too can take part in the biggest float since MS got their hooks into IBM.Send cash to 8/59 baynton

@_date: 1999-04-27 20:13:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: FREE LEONARD HATTON! 
Sorry,I think my computers being hacked by the victorian police computer squad.
That should read,FREE LEONARD PELTIER!.
Leo and I were in the same pen in BC in the 70's.I cant believe he's still inside after all these years I've spent fucking around and taking drugs.I feel a bit guilty for some reason event though its the criminal evil great satan state thats done it.And then clinton the rat, pardons mark rich! If I was in a room with him then he would never rape again,or talk,or walk.Also in with LP is chris Boyce,a C/punk who loved the great outdoors.Its cruel and unusual whats being done to those guys.FUCK the GOVT.

@_date: 1999-04-27 20:57:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Planning a summer school shooting rampage? 
"...As recent events demonstrated, increased safety devices are needed to protect our pilots, children, teachers, managers, doctors, and government employees. The Insta-Brace™ is a secure, low cost, low visibility, and highly effective tool which provides a true physical barrier to attackers. At the first sign of trouble, only the Insta-Brace, with its stainless steel, aircraft strength cable and unique "occupant key," preserves people from harm until help arrives..."
Remember to plan ahead,plenty of ammo,plenty of water.

@_date: 1999-04-27 21:08:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Say goodnight to maddie. 
"TechTV's Cybercrime show interviewed me regarding Jim Bell's "Assassanitation Politics" essay. This was a tough interview as elements of the Bell case walk a fine line between civil liberties and civil security."
Matt devost.Cute kid matt,yours?
Take a hard line.

@_date: 1999-04-27 21:27:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Terrorist Accountants Alert. 
"If you look at the likely targets of an attack by an adversary against the United States, it's not going to be the military computers. It's going to be the private sector infrastructure targets, the major telecommunications switches, the major public power grids."
Devost,guy kills me.CNN in January 2000: Must be a freakin' psychic.(Eligible Receiver!?)
"I would implore people to go out and read this document by two Chinese colonels called Unrestricted Warfare [see related link below]. It talks about the migration of nation-states to tactics such as information warfare, or financial sector attacks, or conventional terrorism attacks using asymmetrical cells a la Osama bin Laden. So there's definitely this fundamental thinking-- a lot of people have referred to it as a revolution in military affairs, the Gulf War being the first information war. I think it goes above and beyond that, in that the nation-states are now having to resort to these sort of unrestricted methods in order to achieve their Unrestricted Warfare (report by senior colonels of People's Liberation Army, China):
Part I: Part II: FEB 2000.

@_date: 1999-04-27 21:32:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Toffler scofflaw. 
World economies will increasingly be based on information, reorganizing the nature of work and increasing the gap between rich and poor; the globalization of world trade, economic activity, and communication will be met by a simultaneous rise in tribalism, and Mazarr predicts the conflict between the two will be "one of the major hallmarks of the coming decade." He also projects that a transformation of authority may result in a collapse of public confidence in all social authorities, and suggests that all of these trends will result in a worldwide feeling that things have never been so good, yet also leave people decidedly negative and pessimistic about the future. The first decade of the 21st century, Mazarr writes, will see "the most profound transition in human history," a period of both opportunity and risk. "Fate has provided us with the raw material of a new renaissance in human society, but it is up to us to make that renaissance a reality."

@_date: 1999-04-27 22:37:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: PR CONDEMNS FEDERAL INDICTMENT OF LYNNE STEWART. 
The National Lawyers Guild condemns yesterday's federal indictment of New York attorney Lynne Stewart and the impact on attorney-client privilege that it will have.
The Sixth Amendment of the U.S Constitution protects attorney-client privilege, without which there can be no effective assistance of counsel. "Stewart is a veteran criminal defense attorney who often represents both controversial causes and unpopular clients. The government seems to be singling her out as poster child for its campaign to justify the unconstitutional monitoring of conversations between lawyers and inmates. This is clearly designed to have a chilling effect on lawyers zealously representing their clients," said Bruce Nestor, President of the National Lawyers Guild.
For three years the New York FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force has been investigating Stewart, an attorney for Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman, who has been serving a life plus 65-year sentence. This fall the government announced a new rule that purports to allow the Bureau of Prisons to monitor conversations between lawyers and inmates deemed threats of committing future acts of violence or terrorism. In October the National Lawyers Guild submitted comments opposing the new rule although the Bureau of Prisons is enforcing the rule even prior to the usual "notice and comment" democratic input process. "In addition to undermining the principle of attorney-client privilege, John Ashcroft's recent actions, including yesterday's indictment, may have a chilling effect on lawyers who want to represent politically active clients but are afraid of being singled out by the government for surveillance," said Nestor.
Stewart and three others were charged yesterday with providing material support to terrorists. Last December, Ashcroft said, "to those who scare peace-loving people with phantoms of lost liberty, my message is this: your tactics only aid terrorists." Ashcroft appears to have expanded this now to include legal advocacy. The Guild is launching a campaign of legal organizations around the country to join in opposing this indictment and its attack upon attorney-client privilege.
The State will pay dearly for this.There wont be any 'truth and rec'

@_date: 1999-04-27 22:56:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Corralito's police log. 
Well its close to Mongo's mate Kurt Saxon's 19th century pad at Eureka...
Grab a donut and scroll...think of the donut,not the hole.
Interactivity or occupational therapy? Who cares if it keeps them off the AP could be based on a protocol that consists of zero-knowledge proofs, undeniable signatures and oblivious transfers.But it wouldn't be APster.

@_date: 1999-04-28 13:07:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Homeland securities new agency;Ministerium  
"Including informants, the Stasi at one point would number one operative for every 66 East German citizens; so ruthless and efficient were they in their efforts to squelch dissent that even the KGB found itself occasionally appalled by the Stasi's methods."
"Both IBM and Texas Instruments unknowingly employed Stasi spies who gathered information about computers and communications apparatus. Another group had developed a unique particle spray, similar to a chemical weapon, to spread over enemy communication stations and disrupt correspondence in case of war."
"Can you imagine a police informer for ever 6.5 persons in the country? All phones tapped. All packages/letters
from the "outside" world opened and usually kept (stolen). Can you imagine spending your life in a 6x6 cell in total
isolation. One young man (38y/o) lived for 9yrs, till his death, like that. Six medical students spent 3 to 11yrs in
prison just for applying for a VISA! "
Its getting easier.

@_date: 1999-04-28 13:52:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AdCouncil PSAs.ChuckO agree's. 
>>Holy fuck, I can't believe these new TV PSAs from the AdCouncil: "These PSAs are really wacked out. They are supposed to be fictional depictions of life in a country other than the U.S., but they are incredibly hypocritical! For example, the "Library" PSA shows a young guy asking for a book from a librarian, who informs him that it is no longer available and then asks him why he wants to read it. They pan the library and all these government agents pop out of hiding. Of course, as many of you know, the U.S. government would like to see this become a reality, with some kind of TIPS programs for libraries. The FBI is already requesting information from libraries and libraries have this annoying habit of monitoring and controlling the surfing habits of patrons at library terminals. I looked at another PSA, "Arrest," which shows some guy being pulled over by the police and then being arrested for having the wrong reading material. Fact it, activists and other people have routinely been detained at airports for having the wrong reading material. Having radical books in your car has frequently been a pretext for arrest and, at the least, harassment."ChuckO.
ChuckO runs an excellent anarchist site at I recommend the interactive news highly.

@_date: 1999-04-28 14:01:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: X-box crack 
If anyone asks,(or subpoena's,yikes!) I am simply RESEARCHING present web vulnerabilities in relation to 'trust' in cyberspace.
APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 1999-04-28 14:27:07
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jamesd; the ex-trotskyists 'enemies list.' 
It's interesting to note a peculiar pattern that seems to be emerging: many of the biggest warmongers, in the post 9/11 era, are ex-nutballs of one sort or another who went "straight" – and veered off into a more lucrative variety of extremism. Murawiec is merely the latest case. Think of David Horowitz, the ex-leftist cheerleader for the Black Panthers who now goes around lecturing blacks on their alleged "racism" and demanding all-out war on the Arab world. Think of Stephen Schwartz, the Weekly Standard's "expert" on Wahabism, who gave up the fringe politics of left-anarcho-Trotksyism to become a major theoretician of the Riyadh-as-"kernel of evil" school.
How long were you a trot jamesd? 4 years?,5?
Not that theres anything wrong with that.

@_date: 1999-04-28 14:32:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Arbusto news. 
Genetically modified crops may pass helpful traits to weeds, study finds
'For the first time, researchers have shown that a gene artificially inserted into crop plants to fend off pests can migrate to weeds in a natural environment and make the weeds stronger. Scientists studied genetically engineered sunflowers - those modified with a gene that produces a chemical toxic to certain insects - to see what happened when these foreign genes, called transgenes, were inadvertently passed along to weedy relatives' ( Ohio State )
See also this abstract, and this blog entry from last month.LINKS

@_date: 1999-04-28 15:39:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Encrypted DNA. 
Our meme shears technology is pressing ahead here at chez rat.One of the most fascinating and controversial aspects of WILE,(the remailer part of cryptoS),is the use of encrypted DNA.Solutions that work across multiple locations, and are flexible enough to handle new security concerns, depend upon the prior development of a common biometric trust infrastructure.
That this can only happen under cryptoanarchy is a given.Varying levels of access to the DNA information are assumed in the acceptance statement of WILE.Beta testing revealed a high uptake,most being click throughs,not even reading the agreement.Once in remailer motion the fully identifying DNA can only be pulled down in several clearly specified events and based on a protocol that consists of zero-knowledge proofs, undeniable signatures and oblivious transfers.
a) Life threatening disease/illness by the users Dr.(s)
b) APster contracts seeking confirmation of nominee and their demise.
c) Abusers of the CJD Mint technology.Much of this is fully automated relying on random audits of large transfers and culling high and low samples of users.This technology requires the user to literally 'use it or lose it.'
Collapse of Govts MUST occur before full release of CryptoS,that CS is itself possibly the best way to bring them all down is the irony of our time.APster alone or with widespread social revolution in the streets may not do the job.Please send money so we can bring the international GUI to version 1.Become a part of Hirstory.
You know it makes sense.$$ to unit 8/59 Baynton st.Kyneton.Vic.3444.

@_date: 1999-04-28 15:46:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Disabled man who "stalked" police convicted,sentenced. 
A ONE-LEGGED man who stalked a young policeman using loud Irish music was yesterday sentenced to three months in jail.
But the prison term was suspended for two years by magistrate James Mornane because of the man's age and disability.
The Melbourne Magistrates' Court heard Constable Paul Sorbain was angered and scared after the man, whom he had previously dealt with, was seen on several occasions parked in a car in front of his home.
Constable Sorbain said he even started to question his decision to join the police force when the problems started between Christmas and New Year's Day last year.
He told the court he had visited David Baldwin, 58, of Flemington, about damage to Baldwin's car.
But he said he became concerned when he saw Baldwin out the front of his suburban house in a red four-wheel drive, playing loud Irish music.
The court heard Constable Sorbain had heard the loud music previously but thought nothing of it. The policeman's partner, Fiona McCall, told the court they were even advised to keep a piece of paper by their bed to keep track of the events.
The court heard Baldwin took a photograph of Constable Sorbain on one The policeman said he decided to confront the man on January 13 this year, when he saw him parked in front of his house when walking home from work.
He said he asked him what he was doing before telling him to f--- off.
"My concern is for myself and my partner," Constable Sorbain told the court.
Sgt Martin Hardy said police officers found several pieces of paper with car registration numbers - linked to the Flemington police station - when they arrested Baldwin at his home on January 13.
He said people's addresses and times were also written on pieces of paper that were found in the man's kitchen and car.
Sgt Hardy said a tape of Irish music and a camera were seized as evidence and a Melways book was found with a page book-marked, which showed where the policeman lived.

@_date: 1999-04-28 16:35:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: China coal toll. 
A COAL miner has been pulled alive from a pit in northern China after surviving five days underground in appalling conditions, but 18 of his co-workers have been found dead, state media said.	
The man was rescued from the Chiyu mine in Huozhou city, Shanxi province, in the early hours of this morning, the state Xinhua news agency said.
The miner was taken to hospital and was in a critical condition, the report Only hours before, officials had told the agency that hope was fading fast for all 19 miners, who were trapped 60m underground early last Sunday after faulty electrical wiring in the main shaft ignited a fire.
Rescuers and doctors entered the shaft as early as Wednesday but were unable to advance because of high temperatures, dense smoke and large amounts of poisonous carbon monoxide, Xinhua reported.
The bodies of the 18 other miners, who died from suffocation and carbon monoxide poisoning, have been removed from the mine.
Police on Wednesday arrested eight people in connection with the accident, including the mine's manager, Xinhua reported.
"Initial investigations showed that the mine had no adequate safety systems and its owner, in order to evade safety checks, had ordered the miners to work secretly at night," it said.
Efforts by officials to reduce the appalling death toll in China's mines are greatly hampered by the existence of huge numbers of small pits, often illegally operated.
Foreign experts, backed by some state statistics, put the annual toll in Chinese mines at more than 10,000.

@_date: 1999-04-28 16:48:04
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bad Gorilla! Dont do that again!  
Another Day, Another No-Penalty Microsoft Settlement
ZDNet: Microsoft, FTC, Settle over Passport. "We believe that Microsoft made a number of misrepresentations, dealing with, one, the overall security of the Passport system and personal information stored on it; two, the security of online purchases made with Passport Wallet; three, the kinds of personal information Microsoft collects of users of the Passport service; and four, how much control parents have over the information collected by Web sites participating in the Kids Passport program," Muris said during the conference call.
Remember Microsoft's squeals of angst when privacy advocates complained about Passport?
Once again, Microsoft is found not to be telling the truth about serious issues. And, once again, the governmental agency with the power to do something realistic fades away on contact.
The FTC hasn't even issued a slap on the wrist here. It merely got Microsoft to agree not to do it again.
Scroll down for encrypted mac option.
Was CJ way ahead of the curve in threatening to kill Bill? Answers on the back of a stamp to sam adams...
Neither the wisest constitution nor the wisest laws will secure the liberty and happiness of a people whose manners are universally corrupt.
— Samuel Adams

@_date: 1999-04-28 16:53:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AU universities cracked,"Why do you think I'm a proffr." 
AN anti-corruption authority yesterday raised the alarm on security of computerised student records at universities around the nation after it spotted weaknesses at all 10 public universities in NSW.
The NSW Independent Commission Against Corruption report on university security was based on an inquiry into the unauthorised cancellation of students' failed subjects in their academic records at the University of Technology Sydney. All other NSW universities were surveyed as part of the inquiry into 21 academic record changes for 11 fee-paying Indonesian students, which found corruption in the cases of nine of the students.
Deficiencies such as "too many staff with access to modify or create records", infrequent checks of access and removing ex-employees' access were found in the universities in NSW.
ICAC recommended that state prosecutors consider charging a former employee of the UTS Graduate School of Business, Toto Sujanto, with bribery and unlawfully altering computer records.
He allegedly obtained $8000 in cash for changing subject failures to ICAC commissioner Irene Moss said the report "does raise questions for other Australian universities".
Overt corruption involves honorary degree's to the likes of lyman Nemnitzer,kurt Waldheim,arnie Swarzeneggar,henry Kissinger,HIH chairman

@_date: 1999-04-28 17:03:33
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Faith based education,shrub approved madrasses coming soon. 
'Terrorist School' Head Aquitted
Associated Press
Print this
8:55 a.m. Aug. 9, 2002 PDT
LONDON -- A chef who promoted "The Ultimate Jihad Challenge" on an Internet site, inviting people to take weapons training in the United States, was found innocent of terrorist charges Friday.
A jury at London's Old Bailey criminal court found Sulayman Balal Zainulabidin, 44, innocent of violating the Terrorism Act.
Faith-Based and Community Initiatives: Rallying the Armies of ...
... US Department of Labor Center for Faith-Based and Community Initiatives; Center
for Faith-Based and Community Initiatives at the US Department of Education; ...
Description: Promoting the President's vision to enlist, equip, enable, empower and expand the heroic works of...
Category: Regional > North America > ... > Domestic Policy Council
 - 42k - 8 Aug 2002 - Cached - Similar pages
How can one president be so fucking stupid?

@_date: 1999-04-28 17:30:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: ZIMMERMAN DEAD SHOCK! 
"My what big ears you have."
Last weekend in Monterey, Calif.
Zimmerman, who is known as one of the true pioneers of sports photography and recognized by everyone as one of the greatest sports photographers of all time grew up in Los Angeles. He got his start in the business after leaving the Navy in the late 1940's. Zimmerman then took odd jobs working for International News and the LIFE Los Angeles bureau. When a job opened up as a LIFE darkroom technician in Washington D.C. Zimmerman headed east.Before finally heading South.
I hear Declan is available to serve if called upon,in the interests of national security.

@_date: 1999-04-28 17:33:33
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Pool full of Sharks. 
Today," "GMA" booking wars have gotten "insane," says TV veteran
While one source says the situation is "insane," Verne Gay describes the morning show feud as "nutty." Producers at the ABC and NBC morning shows have accused the other of lying, cheating and breaking -- or at least  "In case you're wondering, 'Today' despises 'GMA,' and the feeling is mutual." (Newsday)
 > SLEAZY OR MERELY COMPETITIVE?: "One producer [involved in trying to book the kidnap victims] was said to have swerved into another on the highway; one was said to have sobbed to the girls that she would be fired if the interview didn't take place. Another was alleged to have called the police to complain that the competition was stalking the girls, in order to keep them away." (Los Angeles Times)
 > TV show bookers tell victims they'll feel better after telling their tales

@_date: 1999-04-28 17:41:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Rush in  democRATS  and blipverts.GREAT DANEger. 
Russia: Subliminal media manipulation? Russia's Deputy Media Minister Valerii Sirozhenko has announced that his agency has set up special devices capable of detecting the illegal use of the so-called "25th frame" to send subliminal messages to television viewers, Russian agencies reported.
Sirozhenko claimed that many channels use the 25th frame, and if such usage is proven by the new equipment, they will be subject to stiff fines or the revocation of their broadcasting licenses. He also mentioned that the practice was used in the Soviet era "for unclear reasons."
On June 27 Sirazhenko warned "some TV stations" who his office "know are using subliminal" advertising. Sirazhenko says has only been once case of a television station being caught. Two years ago, reported the Moscow Times, the Press Ministry said Yekaterinburg broadcaster ATN was trying to mesmeriee its viewers with an undetectable "watch only ATN" command.
According to popular legend, in the 1950s, tests in cinemas in the United States using an undetectable 25th frame with an advertising slogan, such as "eat popcorn, drink Coke" resulted in significant increases in consumption of both. Movies recorded on film are normally shown at 24 frames per second, the speed with which the human eye recognizes fluent motion
The concept of so-called 'subliminal advertising' has been widely deried in recent years, though the practice, effective or otherwise, is still illegal in Russia and the US.
RFE Radio Liberty report.
Snopes.com 'urban legends' pages on subliminal advertising.
The row over subliminal advertising during the 2000 US presidential elections.

@_date: 1999-04-28 17:53:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Keywords trump Links shock. 
Play trumps politics everytime.
Wed, 07 Aug, 2002
Clan Leader Missing!
1st Amendment dead drop.
"There are some very important reasons behind the secrecy of this court's grand jury process,"
I would like to tell you more but...
I am NOT your source for this story,you did not see me or know who I am.

@_date: 1999-04-28 19:06:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hollywood-Mafia Links slammed. 
Bollywood,sorry...Mumbai police chief slams film stars
PTI [ FRIDAY, AUGUST 09, 2002 11:38:25 PM ]
MUMBAI: The Mumbai police today rapped a section of film industry for their "nexus" with the underworld, saying threat to the stars was due to their own involvement and hobnobbing with underworld dons."They go to Dubai on chartered flights, entertain the dons. All these threats are because of this", city Police Commissioner M N Singh told newsmen here."Masala toh filmi hai (the plot is real fit enough for making films)", he said adding that the very idea to do films on dons like Chhota Shakeel or the now-famous J J Hospital shootout was unfortunate and not in good taste."On one side, we are fighting and police are sacrificing lives, on the other hand some people want to do films on dons and encounters and make money", he said. Meantime...
Sikhs concerned about mistaken identities have been told the FBI's on it...As the American Sikh leaders stressed on increased cultural sensitivity towards the Sikhs among law enforcers, Rick Thornton, a senior member from the Civil Rights Unit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) appreciated that their concerns were "important and legitimate".We all know how important and legit the civil rights of indigenous and african-americans have been to the FBI.in the past.No reason to think the Sikhs wont receive the same care and attention.Right?
The other premier US law enforcement crew the SS have been busy...Beginning at Friday morning, eight blocks of downtown Washington's 17th Street - between H Street and Constitution - will be closed to trucks, said Secret Service spokesman John Gill. Also, on the four blocks closest to the White House, Gill said, "No parking, no stopping, no standing."
and especially no e-mailing death threats like "KILL the PRESIDENT!" "Its a real pain in the ass," said agent Rick Walkinshore,"We have to check each one out every time,drives us ratty,I swear.Its better if they're anonymous"

@_date: 1999-04-28 19:35:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Penguins in Big Blue. 
Tinkerbell Factor
I know I am not alone in this. If you read Slashdot regularly, you'll see a recurring theme in the arguments made by Linux proponents: While Linux is more complex than some other operating systems, it provides a great deal of power and customizability. Many Linux users, including me, actually take pride in the ability to use the system.
While I have had some good experiences with operating systems that are more conventionally intuitive, the operating systems that present the greatest challenge intrigue me the most. And the payoff is a great deal of satisfaction in the ability to fine tune and customize the interface and the work environment.
Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) operating systems are a different story altogether. While I typically detest the company's innovation strategies, I have actually, in some deranged way, found a certain measure of fulfillment in being able to accomplish difficult tasks on Windows.
Each new crash or system glitch presents new challenges, new routes to explore, new techniques to learn. Because I have a tendency to fetishsize the tool -- whether it be a new development tool, an operating system or even a new graphics card -- my means to the computing end is often just as pleasurable for me as the end itself.

@_date: 1999-04-28 19:48:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Wheres Mongo? 
No.Too much competition for that big headed pissant,speaking of which...THE BIG HEADED ANT Charles Darwin is a name that¹s synonymous with evolution and the theory that evolution is based on the principle of "survival of the fittest". Peter Kropotkin¹s fame is much more limited, he¹s known in anarchist circles as a significant 19th century anarchist thinker and author. Few people even in the anarchist movement realize that he made a contribution to the theory of evolution that¹s on a par with Darwin¹s. He believed that Darwin¹s central evolutionary tenet was wrong and that evolution was based not on competition, but on Co-operation. In enters the big headed ant. The big headed ant was introduced to Australia from Africa over a hundred years ago. Since its introduction it has slowly displaced indigenous ant species and has had a major impact on other insect species and animals in the Australia bush. The big headed ant has turned ant to be a major threat to indigenous ant species. Green, bull and other Australian ant species are normally wiped out when the big headed ant colonies a new area. Currently Darwin the capital of the Northern Territory has became the new front line in the battle to stop the speed of the big headed ant. The big headed ant¹s evolutionary advantage is based on its social behavior. Indigenous ant groups display competitive behavior within their subspecies. If two colonies share the same resources they compete against each other for these resources. The big headed ants behavior is diametrically apposed to the behavior of indigenous ants. If two colonies are forced to share the same resources they merge and Co-operate and don¹t waste time and effort battling each other over who shall use these resources. The big headed ants Co-operative behavior gives it the edge it needs to survive and prosper in a world that¹s dominated by competitive behavior. The story of the big headed ant¹s evolutionary success mirrors the story of human society. Although competitive capitalism is currently on the ascending across the world, the destructive tendencies of competition hold the seeds of its demise. Co-operative forces will always win out against competitive forces. Anarchism¹s underlying message is one that promotes Co-operation and opposes competition. Anarchism is based on the principles of voluntary Co-operation, the very principle that has given the big headed ant into the evolutionary advantage it needs to displace its competitive neighbors.

@_date: 1999-04-28 19:56:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Utah Blahs 
BOOK REVIEW ?JOE HILL¹ By Gibbs M. Smith, Peregrine Smith Books, Salt Lake City 1984, Originally Published 1969 HD8073 H55563 1984 ?Joe Hill¹ was published in 1969 to mark the 54th anniversary of the execution by firing squad in Utah in 1915 of Joe Hill I.W.W. songwriter and activist. Joe Hill (Hillstrom) a Norwegian immigrant entered the United States in 1902 and joined the I.W.W. in 1910. While working in Utah in 1913 he was arrested, tried and executed in 1915 for the murder of a Salt Lake City grocer in what was little more than a show trial. Tens of thousands of people, both in the United States and overseas including the President of the United States Woodrow Wilson, appealed to the Utah authorities for clemency with no success. Hill¹s execution was a direct consequence of the anti I.W.W. hysteria in Utah. He was convicted primarily on inconclusive circumstantial evidence. Interestingly two members of the I.W.W. in Golburn in New South Wales, Australia were executed in 1917 for the murder of a policeman as a consequence of the anti I.W.W. hysteria that was whipped up in Australia because the I.W.W. spearheaded the struggle against conscript in Australia. While their deaths were virtually ignored, the execution of Joe Hill in Utah made Hill into a working class legend. The legend of Joe Hill has survived as a consequence of the legacy of his songs, songs that in some cases have been incorporated into popular working class culture. Although other songwriters had written songs for the I.W.W., Joe Hill¹s songs encapsulated the mood of the times. His first song ¹The Preacher and the Slave¹ was a parody of the Salvation Army Hymn ?In the Sweet Bye and Bye¹. Hill¹s fading memory has been kept alive by the song ?I Dreamed I Saw Joe Hill Last Night¹, a song set to music by Earl Robinson from a poem written in 1925 by Alfred Hayes. Paul Roberson¹s rendition of ?I Dreamed I Saw Joe Hill Last Night¹ assured Hill of immortality. Gibbs M. Smith¹s ?Joe Hill¹ is a well researched 280 page analysis of the man and the legend. The book has over 70 pages of references and notes for any reader who is interested in doing further research on Joe Hill (Hillstrom). Gibbs M. Smith¹s book on Joe Hill could be available from the remainder bin of one or two radical bookshops. The difference between Gibbs¹ book on Joe Hill and other books on Hill is Joyce Kornbluh¹s introduction to Gibbs¹ book. In her introduction Kornbluh gives an excellent summary of the history of the Industrial Workers of the World (I.W.W.).
DENVER — A federal appeals court this week revived a lawsuit brought by animal activists who claimed they were protected by the First Amendment when handing out pro-vegetarian leaflets near a Utah school.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, or PETA, appealed a ruling by a federal judge that animal-rights activists cannot picket on a sidewalk next to a school because it interferes with school activities.
The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Aug. 5 reversed a lower court's decision granting summary judgment to school officials.
Maybe if they were preaching creationism they'd be getting fucking PAID.

@_date: 1999-04-28 20:04:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "WHAT ANARCHISM MEANS TO ME" 
Anarchism, like any other political ideology, is a point of view about how we humans should organize our life in common. It argues that, rather than do this through governments, we should arrange our affairs through local co-operative organizations, federating when necessary on a regional, national or global scale. This sounds very mild, but is in fact revolutionary because it involves vast changes. It implies, for example, workers' control of industry, whether we are thinking about the post and its newest equivalents in managing human communications, or of transport, or of food production and distribution, or of, for example, the garment industry, dominated today by child labor in South Asia. Such a society would evolve enormously different priorities. It means, for example, that in the absence of a governmental machine for protecting them from the poor, the rich would have to share with the poor. Children in a playground have little difficulty in establishing the principle of Fair Shares. They know that it is grotesque that a few people should own almost everything, while vast numbers have nothing at all. They know perfectly well that the kid who insists on grabbing everything needs cutting down to size. Like the rest of us, he can have his fair share. What else could anyone expect? It also means that, in the absence of the military force of the so-called Great Powers, or of those tedious little local warlords, people would have to settle down to live with their neighbors without regard to religion, language, nationality or color. Once we have taken the giant leap forward in recognizing that need, what a liberation it would be for us all to set about arranging the complex necessities of an anarchist society. Colin Ward
"WHAT ANARCHISM MEANS TO ME" "Freedom" the English Anarchist Fortnightly that was founded in 1886 has recently introduced a new section in its paper called "What Anarchism Means To Me". Always looking around for new ideas on how to improve the quality of the "Anarchist Age Weekly Review" we¹ve decided to introduce a "WHAT ANARCHISM MEANS TO ME" segment. We encourage as many of our readers as possible to put their thoughts down and send us an article for this segment. IN 500 WORDS OR LESS email, fax or post us your thoughts. ­ DON¹T DELAY, PUT YOUR THOUGHTS DOWN AND SEND THEM TO US TODAY. Joseph TOSCANO/LibertarianWorkers for a Self-Managed Society.
anarchistage at yahoo.com

@_date: 1999-04-28 20:12:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Airborted. 
Airborted In an astonishing victory for the residents of San Salvador Atenco, the Mexican government last week confirmed that they were abandoning plans to build a new international airport smack on top of the small farming community just outside of Mexico City. The whole saga began last autumn when Mexican President Vicente Fox's government approved plans to build a six-runway, $2.3 billion airport that would gobble up much of San Salvador Atenco's farming land. In October, a federal ruling offered villagers a mere 40 pence a square yard for the land - the land that served as the farmers' main source of food, income, and security. The residents of Atenco and the surrounding villages quickly dismissed this slap-in-the-face offer, and immediate protests and marches were organised. Over the next 9 months, farmers mobilised themselves with few results - but things began to change on Thursday, July 11th, when a demo was organised to protest an official government announcement affirming the airport plans. Farmers travelling in a peaceful caravan to the demo were attacked by police with clubs, tear gas, and live ammunition. Thirty protesters were injured, fifteen arrested, and five hospitalised-one of whom, Jose Enrique Espinoza Juarez, died in hospital two weeks later. This brutal show of force inspired supporters in nearby Atenco to take immediate and radical direct action. Over the next few days, five police squad cars were burnt and used along with other seized vehicles (including some Coca-Cola trucks!) to block the nearby national highway. Thirteen government and police officials were taken hostage, and the Atenco farmers used these hostages as bargaining tools in their struggle with the authorities. On July 14, the last hostages were released in return for the release of all arrested farm workers. It has taken the government another three weeks to cancel plans for the airport altogether, but with last week's announcement; the Atenco workers' victory became certain. Many people feel that the Atenco struggle has been a vital test of the ability of a community-based movement to stop projects that only serve the interests of a few, powerful and wealthy businesses. The administration of President Fox has a plethora of such projects, including the lofty Plan Puebla Panama (PPP), a plan to privatise the energy industry and support the Free Trade Area of the Americas. The PPP is President Fox's crown jewel economic project, which seeks to transform south eastern Mexico into an industrialised factory centre where maquiladoras (sweatshops) can thrive, producing yet more raw materials for the developed countries in the Northern Hemisphere. The plan involves massive construction projects and generous factory building incentives in an attempt to attract more foreign investment from multi-national corporations. But the PPP cuts right through the heart of a lot of indigenous land and territory in the poverty stricken southern Mexico State of Chiapas and beyond. Roberto Rivera, a student involved in a recent Atenco solidarity march, sees the protests in Atenco as "an important turning point, because the proposed airport is the first integral step in the process of implementing the Plan Puebla Panama . . . if the plans to build this new airport in Atenco are stopped, it will be a major blow to the PPP." The events of Atenco have indeed sent a clear message to multi-national companies and the governments that seek only to protect their interests. "Even if they gave us all the gold in the world," said one Atenco woman, "We wouldn't leave our land because that is all we have." Another much smaller but still encouraging win was in Melb this week when the successor to Wackenhutt,Group 4,lost validation from the RMIT.Grassroots action.

@_date: 1999-04-28 20:14:21
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Positive crap. 
Positive SchNEWS 'Land and Future' is the world's first guide for tribal people, with information on how tribes around the world can secure their lands and way of life. It advises tribes on how to conduct a campaign when faced with the invasion of their lands by nasty oil companies, loggers and colonists, and offers tips on their rights under international law, and how to secure them. The book is going to be printed in many languages and there are plans for it be sent out to the remotest parts of the world. Crap Arrest of the Week For travelling in the same car! In Iran the Basiji (the Islamic police force) routinely stop cars playing forbidden Western music, and if unmarried women are found in the company of men, they are arrested and charged with moral corruption! Single women can be subjected to humiliating virginity tests, and if they fail they are given the option of marrying their companion or being flogged for having extramarital sex.

@_date: 1999-04-28 23:02:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: FI.AP. 
Freedom Insurance
by Warren Tilson
Recently in the almost hallowed pages of the not yet venerable web site Anti-State.com, two articles have appeared that may point the way to gain a free society now.
Robert Vroman's Assassination Politics and Andy Stow's defense agency articles are both influences for what I am about to describe. I should point out that I am unalterably opposed, on moral grounds, to Assassination Politics. This opposition is beyond the scope of this article so I will not go into it here. There is however an aspect of AP that appeals to me and that is the naming of a freedom offending individual and asking other individuals to act in a certain way towards that individual.
Stow's article describes a decentralized defense agency/society that will get you out of statist caused trouble provided you are a member. Even to the point of using combat troops to enable your escape from a prison if it should come to that. This is a great idea and I think it holds some promise even if there are some technical issues that have to be worked out.
What I am proposing is a system of insurance that if you are arrested on some political crime (gun law, drug law, sex law, tax law, immigration law, or commercial law etc. violation) lawyers will be dispatched as well as activists and propagandists.
The lawyers are there to use whatever legal tactics they can to keep your life from getting worse, i.e. they would get you out of jail and act as a shield between you and the state's employees. This is no different than what lawyers are supposed to do now, however our lawyers will have an ideological bond with the person they are defending so there will be more agreement on tactics and a vision of the ultimate goal which many lawyer-client relationships lack now.
Civil Rights lawyers will also be sent to make sure it becomes a Civil Rights issue by suing the arresting agency, its employees and all sundry agencies, and their employees that are involved.
The activists and propagandists are there simply to stir up non-violent trouble. Their purpose is to organize protests, run ads in the local media, appear on local talk shows, hand out fliers, discuss jury nullification, hold workshops and engage in civil disobedience. These things sometimes happen in a controversial case but it is usually an ad hoc arrangement that may lack focus, strong leadership and the resources to stay committed.
If you own Freedom Insurance and you are arrested for something your policy covers you are guaranteed that allies and sympathizers will be on the scene, coming to your aid within 24 hours. It does not matter how small the issue, you call – they come.
One of the first things that the activist will do is find out all they can about the arresting officer(s) and the prosecutor. They will then organize peaceful protests at the residences of these people, the ads will mention these people by name and ask if they know anything about freedom or the Constitution or their oaths to the Constitution. In addition their families will be sought out and asked questions such as: "Do you support your husband when he violates the rights of others?" "Did you know your daughter was acting illegally and in violation of the Constitution she has sworn to The idea here is to get it in to the heads of the people who enforce these laws that it just is too much trouble to bother with. Arrest someone with an FI card and he is looking at months of living hell for him and his family and friends. After awhile, if this idea is successful the mere presence of a FI bumper sticker will get the driver of that vehicle a pass or the owner of that store a pass or that prostitute a pass and so on. The more that cops lay off FI policy holders will ensure that more and more people will join and in this way the state will be undercut.
As people realize that the police have no will to enforce evil laws those laws will be disobeyed by millions. If what usually happens when a people are free to go about their business we will see a massive increase in the standard of living with all the usual happiness that follows from that.
After awhile this might very well evolve into Stow's Defense Agency and from there the state will be halfway into the grave.
Of course (another nod to AP) it should be pointed out that all the main offices and computer servers will be located outside of the USA and all communication will take place with the aid of encryption.
Let's give it a push: become a Freedom Insurance owner today. Call the home office for a representative near you.
August 9, 2002
discuss this article in the forum!

@_date: 1999-04-28 23:18:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: APster will save your Gnuts. 
>>If only... Luckily the cypherpunks are doing all they can to make sure that no such technology ever exists.<<
Your new here aren't you? Check out the archives a little circa 1996."By their fruits ye shall know them." And by their Gnuts as well.

@_date: 1999-04-28 23:40:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Leechnet. 
As a former beta tester for Leechnet,all this P to P chat reminded me to revisit Nordic Research.They may be onto something with,"...the concept of cybercash one step closer to reality."
Maybe,youse would probably know better than me."extra skin?" Caveat Lecter.
Featured product: Opticart
Web page developers using the OptiCart system are praising that the website no longer has to be built around the shopping cart unlike other shopping cart software and e-commerce software, but is instead added as an extra skin after the design and implementation has already been made.
The OptiCart system uses Java technology to provide real-time updates of the contents of the shopping basket and brings the concept of cybercash one step closer to reality.
The OptiCart system uses Java technology to provide real-time updates of the contents of the shopping basket and brings the concept of cybercash one step closer to reality.

@_date: 1999-04-28 23:48:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: fRAT insurrection in BC. 
Fireworks in Vancouver.Someone died at one of these potlatch events once.A long time ago in a galaxy far,far away...The context of the current class war in British Columbia includes -
- An attempt by B.C. Government Employeees Union (B.C.G.E.U.) members to charge into a hotel on January 23rd, 2002, where Premier Gordon Campbell was set to speak.
- Illegal wildcat strikes in late January by the B.C. Teachers Federation (B.C.T.F.) and the B.C.G.E.U.
- A tent-city occupation by street youth and students on the front lawn of the provincial legislature building in Victoria in February which ended with it's dismantling by riot police
- The fire-bombing of Premier Gordon Campbell's office on the night of February 21st.
- A B.C Federation of Labour rally at the legislature in Victoria by more than 20,000 people, at which a group of about 10 anarchists intervened by attacking a security barrier and throwing rocks at the legislature building.
- An anti-poverty Snake March in Victoria on March 25th that went through a mall and several corporate stores, leaving splatters from paint-bombs and graffitti behind.
- An anti-poverty march to one of Premier Gordon Campbell's homes in Vancouver on April 1st.
- An all-womyn anti-poverty brigade's occupation of a "Member of the Legislative Assembly" office in Victoria on April 25th that was broken up by riot police who pepper-sprayed several demonstrators.
- A May Day demonstration in Vancouver against the 6-dollar training wage that included a half-hour blockade of a McDonalds restaurant (one of the businesses using the training wage, and a major contributor to the Liberal's election campaign.). After the end of the demonstration a masked group charged through a downtown mall and carried out small acts of vandalism and sabotage.
- A July 14th demonstration at the opening of a gallery show at the Vancouver Art Gallery at which the Premier was scheduled to speak at, but failed to show his face in public - because of "security concerns" caused by hundreds of angry demonstrators who attempted to dismantle a security fence, spat on police officers, and were then pepper-sprayed.

@_date: 1999-04-28 23:54:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Fox a lame duck. 
The Mexican government saw the future in these cornfields spread across the dry Texcoco lake bed about 18 miles east of Mexico City. Here it envisioned spending $2.3 billion for a state-of-the-art, six-runway airport that would be Mexico's shiny new face to the world for the 21st century. It was to replace the choked-up, jury-rigged airfield that has served the capital since the dawn of the 20th.
Read more

@_date: 1999-04-29 00:14:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Sony the Darkhorse. 
Its already got its sound down,now...
SONY HAS OFFICIALLY announced its own digital rights management technology, OpenMG X.
Meeja companies keen to implement some way of limiting the use of digital content - generally video and music – are also competing for the standard way of managing digital rights. Microsoft is making strenuous efforts in this area but Sony with its interest in producing the video and music people may be tempted to pirate is determined to establish itself as the standard setter.
According to Sony, OpenMG X" consists of the following software modules:
1. An encoding module which adds digital rights management information, such as the number of times content was copied or played, to music/movie content and converts them into code at the distributors' end.
2. A server module which distributes digital rights management information on content to the users' end.
3. A client module for developing application software compatible with "OpenMG X"
Sony says that as "both a hardware manufacturer and content/service provider," it is seeking "to connect content producers and end users in providing range of services that distribute high-value content in a secure Sony says the technology can be applied to mobile phones and PCs as well as its own digital Walkman and PlayStation2 products and wants to leverage its position the console and consumer electronics king to persuade content makers to sign up to its system.
It says that, since OpenMG X" as an open platform technology, it should support the secure distribution of content. It says it is considering licensing this technology to hardware manufacturers and software vendors.
Also Sony is appealing a 'zones' crack down here in OZ.

@_date: 1999-04-29 11:04:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Let them drink coke. 
: WATER RIGHTS Aug 8 2002
Families Fight Coca-Cola in Kerala for Water
Coca Cola Virudha Samara Samithy (Anti Coca-Cola Struggle Committee) organized a mass rally and public meeting at Plachimada, India on August 4, marking the 105th day of a campaign against the company. A spirited march proceded to the plant, accompanied by many from the surrounding communities, as well as numerous police. Speakers discussed the ongoing theft by Coca-Cola of water throughout the region, poor labor conditions inside the plant, and the complicity of Indian political parties in abetting multi-national corporations.
This ongoing struggle against this plant in the state of Kerala was launched on April 22, with a symbolic blockade and an ongoing continuous picketing/dharna by women and children belonging to the Eravalar and Malasar communities. Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages Pvt. Ltd established the bottling plant, and subsequently sunk more than 60 borewells on the premises, which is adjacent to a major irrigation canal, and several kilometers from numerous reservoirs and the Chitturpuzha River. Water in the area has both become depleted and polluted.
This more than three month long campaign has included blockades of the plant, lawsuits both against and on behalf of the protestors, destruction of advertisements, and numerous rallies and marches.
[ India IMC | CorpWatch India ]

@_date: 1999-04-29 11:33:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: It won't happen here (will it PeterT?) 
>>I want to comment on something else here, which I find to be a common trait with US citizens: "it can't happen here". The Chinese gov't can do anything they like, because any citizen who would try to "keep watch" would find himself shot. What basic law of the universe says that this can't happen in the US? What exactly will prevent them, 10 years from now, to say "compelling state interests require that we get to do whatever we want with the little box"? You already have an official "gov't against 1st ammendment" policy, from what I've read. Mark
I hear Luke and John are concerned as well,Peter?

@_date: 1999-04-29 11:46:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Go learn some finance." 
>>Go learn some finance before you attempt to abstract emotion into the
Umm,Hett,old buddy,old pal,have you seen this?
How Quantifiable is infinite?
 >>Actual numerate, thinking, people gave up on that nonsense in the 1970's<<
We're all keynesians now? WTF? BTW how are the digital bearer bonds going?
Do we still have need of that hypothesis? The fact that Bell and CJ eventually ended up betting on equity volatility like it was actually predictable and got their asses handed to them for their efforts is beside the point, of course. :-).
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity, [predicting the end of money as we know it] has not been found agreeable to experience." -- Hett the Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Chowderhead Empire'

@_date: 1999-04-29 12:04:21
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cryobrain Leitels bush-eugene condensate. 
>>I don't try to filter<<
Not much:) That archive over there does not exist.Don't go there.(I have an brother called Ruprecht who impersonates me sometimes...an evil twin? You kill me Leitel.
You'd give stand up comic Clinton a run for his money.What, were you SLEEPWALKING! Drank some liquid nitrogen? WHAT?
 >>I don't try to filter, but to join several sources. <<
Oh,so you just get into a lynch mob with fruit loops like jamesd occasionally,join several extralarge sources and mailbombs away? I think I get it,Filter feeders cant be to discriminating,right? Your an idiot, but at least an intelligent one. I can't leave you out without creating a skewed picture of what is going on.Chill brother.

@_date: 1999-04-29 12:17:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Frankly Tommy F is a McDill.(Lost laptops flap) 
Drop in the ocean,
When Golitsin was shown files detailing appalling security breaches he would ask what the officer responsible was doing now.
"Same job,"he would be told.
Golitsin would then ruminate for a few days then announce he was sure the man was a traitor.
"But why,Anatole?"
Because in KGB,failure is serious offense,you would not be trusted and maybe he then thinks of turning."
"But thats not the how its done in the west,we don't act like that...except in the FBI."
Golitsin looked blank,he was almost devoid of humor.
Spycatcher,page 318.Peter Wright.

@_date: 1999-04-29 13:07:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shoot the uniforms. 
"The pilots' union is calling for the TSA to create a new airport badging system using a biometric component, such as iris scans or fingerprints, to verify the identity not only of pilots but also of any armed federal agents who may be on a flight.
Meanwhile, Luckey has sent pilots tips on counter-surveillance techniques, such as how to sneak a photo of a suspicious person. Stalking incidents, like thefts of uniforms, are "demonstrably a very viable threat and something we need to guard against," he said."

@_date: 1999-04-29 13:21:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: .The Hollywood 19.Marked for death 
Democratic Sen. Joseph Biden of Delaware; Republican Rep. James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin; Democratic Rep. Bobby Scott of Virginia; Democratic Rep. John Conyers of Michigan; Republican Rep. Howard Coble of North Carolina; and Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California.
A spokesperson for Republican Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas, who signed the letter, said that lawmakers did not want FBI agents to arrest casual users; they'd rather go after operators of network "nodes" that handle much of the Its Time some 'nodes' in power were gone after.(my 2$) APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 1999-04-29 13:27:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Another Nail in the RSA coffin. 
Prime efforts may boost encryption
Ram Ram Bam Bam.
By Sandeep Junnarkar
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
August 9, 2002, 11:39 AM PT
Computer scientists in India have cracked an age-old mathematical problem by designing a method for computers to quickly prove whether a figure is a prime number--a vital step in cryptography.
RSA, a popular encryption algorithm used in securing Internet commerce, is built on the assumption that when prime numbers--those evenly divisible only by themselves and the number one--are large enough, they're nearly impossible to generate and determine.
To create encryption keys, RSA uses two huge prime numbers and multiplies them together to produce another number that is considered the "key."
Testing then confirms whether the initial numbers were in fact prime. The current algorithms used in so-called primality tests are speedy but have a miniscule probability of producing a wrong answer.
But a new algorithm, developed at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur by Manindra Agrawal and his students Neeraj Kayal and Nitin Saxena, is believed to generate correct results each and every time.
"The most glaring weakness in the current cryptographic software is that we can't prove with a guarantee that a number is prime," said Eric Allender, a professor of computer science at the State University of New Jersey at Rutgers. "This new algorithm answers a fundamental question that has been open for some centuries and studied intensely for several decades."
Although Agrawal's paper on the subject, titled "Primes is in P," has yet to be published, it is causing a stir in the field because of the way it handles a math problem that has captivated mathematicians as far back as the ancient Chinese and Greeks. Several leading computer scientists and mathematicians have studied the paper.
"Some of the preceding work was quite complex," Allender said. "This is really a lovely, crisp and elegant algorithm."
Practical uses for the algorithm, computer scientists admit, are still far "Our algorithm is slower than the fastest-known primality testing algorithms," Agrawal said. "The satisfying part of our algorithm is that it is completely deterministic as opposed to earlier ones that may make an error--even though rarely."
Computers scientists said that in many areas, people are often willing to live with that small probability of error. But with the increasing reliance on encryption in fields such as banking and secure communications, a greater priority is being placed on strengthening cryptography.
"The greatest import of this (algorithm) is as a theoretical result and as a first step," Allender said. "It opens the door. There will be subsequent refinements and improvements in the techniques to make it more practical."
E-mail story  Print story  Send us news tips
Related News
Critical hole found in encryption program June 27, 2002
Security company drops PGP encryption March 8, 2002
Distributed computing strikes gold December 13, 2001
Get this story's "Big Picture" FROM

@_date: 1999-04-29 13:36:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Does Shrub smoke? Give the man a ciguatera. 
A MEAL of spanish mackerel turned a dream fishing trip into a 19-month nightmare of bizarre and painful illnesses, a family says.	
Miecha McLean, 15, her mother, Glenda, and father, Bruce, claim they became violently ill and had to be treated in hospital soon after eating the mackerel on a fishing trip around Queensland's Hervey Bay Marina.
Seven others who ate the fish, caught on the MV Princess 2 in January last year, also fell ill, according to documents tendered to the Supreme Court.
One victim, a young Canadian backpacker, was even blinded for a few days by her illness, Mr McLean - who is the Supreme Court's chief executive - told the Herald Sun.
Mr McLean claims he suffered 19 months of bizarre, unexplained illness including heart-attack-like symptoms, painful muscle spasms, "terrible aching all over", fluid retention and depression. He and his family are suing the Princess 2's skipper, Anthony David Nicholson.
The Kilsyth family claim Mr Nicholson should reasonably have suspected the big spanish mackerel could have caused ciguatera poisoning.
Mr McLean said ciguatera poisoning occurred in only about seven places in the world, but Hervey Bay was one of the most notorious.
He said toxic amounts of it were more likely to be found in big fish that fed on little fish who ate plankton off the reef.
Mr McLean said when he took his daughter to the hospital, soon after she ate the spanish mackerel in a Thai curry, she was drenched in sweat and her eyes were rolling back into her head.
"She was in a very, very bad way," he said.
"So was my wife - she was on the verge of collapsing. And then I copped it, and a short time later my brother-in-law became very, very ill.
"In the end, he was the worst of all of us.
"We were hallucinating, shaking. My daughter stopped breathing for a while.
"We didn't know what had hit us until the doctor asked whether we had eaten Mr McLean said his family had continued to suffer as a result of the neurotoxin still in their bodies.
He said he had lost about 10kg in weight and had become "pretty much a loner".

@_date: 1999-04-29 13:39:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Where the spies are. 
Spy chief flees to Australia
By CHRIS GRIFFITH
A MYSTERY Middle-Eastern buyer of $50 million of prime Brisbane real estate has been identified as Bahrain's fugitive deputy head of intelligence, sought by Interpol for fraud.			
Colonel Adel Jassim Felaifel this year fled to Australia from Bahrain, where he feared for his life because of political reforms.
Searches show firms associated with him own property including the Queensland Government's old Family Services building in Brisbane and the former FAI Insurance Building - a $50 million portfolio.
But two international figures - Omar Ali Babtain, president and chief executive of United Medical Group, and Khalid Bin Nasser Bin Abdulla Al Misnad, president of the Misnad Group, an international trading and building company - have lodged an application in Queensland's Supreme Court challenging Mr Felaifel's ownership of the Brisbane sites.
In court documents Mr Felaifel has detailed his role from 1979-2000 as head of Bahrain's Security Intelligence Service "Shia section".
"I investigated accusations of such political crimes, using normal police procedures, and questioned people accused of these crimes," Mr Felaifel said.
But he strongly denied allegations of torture made against him in a court Court documents say Interpol sought Mr Felaifel's arrest on a request from the Bahrain Government on May 20.
Mr Babtain's affidavit said Mr Felaifel has a former wife and three small children in Bahrain, a wife and children in Sweden, a relationship with a former Gulf Air stewardess, an Australian national, and another Gulf Air stewardess "wife", Brisbane-born Anne Cherie Windsor, who owns five Queensland properties.
Mr Babtain said Mr Felaifel sold him and Mr Misnad properties in the Middle East but never transferred the contracts. The two allege their money funded his Australian purchases.
Mr Felaifel denies wrongdoing and says he is owed $25 million in debts. He said political circumstances in his country changed when the king died in "His son introduced political reforms, including freedom of political expression, and released political detainees."
Mr Felaifel felt he had to leave the country for his safety on May 2 this year.

@_date: 1999-04-29 13:58:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Trei makes headlines.Yay peter! 
Despite published reports of the "untimely demise" of Trei, a northern snakehead on display at Pagano's Seafood, the fish is alive and well and gobbling up goldfish by the handful, owner Kris Drumgold said yesterday.
Apparently giving new meaning to the snakehead's nickname, Frankenfish, Trei was swimming menacingly with the goldfish yesterday morning, just hours after a Norwalk newspaper hit the stands with a front page story that pronounced the fish dead of "broken gills."
About two weeks ago, Trei, one of 28 species of Chinese snakeheads capable of walking on land and surviving out of water for days, was put on display in the Scribner Avenue seafood store.
Snakeheads have been reviled in the news since they were discovered in a pond in Maryland and a lake in North Carolina. Biologists fear the snakeheads, which have no known predators, are capable of cleaning out ponds and streams of other species of fish and wriggling over dry land into new areas to eat more.
Unlike the lead character in Mary Shelley's novel "Frankenstein," Trei was not brought back to life, Drumgold said. The fish unwittingly took part in his own "staged death" for a store clerk.
As a practical joke, Drumgold said he faked Trei's demise by filleting a fish that looked like him and presenting it to the clerk, who then reported to the Norwalk newspaper that the fish had died.
It is illegal to possess snakeheads in 13 states, and U.S. Interior Secretary Gale Norton has proposed a federal ban on importing live snakeheads into the country. They are legal to own in Connecticut and Mass, but it is illegal to release them.
The state Department of Environmental Protection is looking at a possible ban of the razor-toothed creature, said Rick Jacobson, assistant director for inland fisheries at DEP.

@_date: 1999-04-29 14:02:32
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Laptops a go go. 
The seven Attorney General agencies that saw computer equipment do a disappearing act in 2001 were; the Australian Bureau of Criminal Investigation, Australian Federal Police, ASIO, Family Court, National Crime Authority, National Native Title Tribunal and the Department of Public Prosecution, spokesperson for the Attorney General, Catherine Fitzpatrick confirmed.
Fitzpatrick also said that the fact that all the agencies concerned had "very good encryption" meant confidential information couldn't have gone astray. "If you're not the user of that laptop, you'll not be able to access it," she said.
However, Labor said this explanation was unsatisfactory and didn't take into consideration the fact that computer equipment could be stolen internally for personal use. "How do we know the person responsible for the laptop didn't take it?" asked Senator Lundy's spokesperson.
The federal Opposition said that resumption of Senate Estimates on February 18 would give it the opportunity to enquire further about the missing laptops and ask questions such as how much the replacement value of the equipment would cost the taxpayer and whether or not police investigations were being conducted into the vanishing computers.

@_date: 1999-04-29 14:05:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Proffr. expresses fears over the safety of his bodies 
"...the exhibition of 'plastinates', his name for the preserved corpses, is designed to inform the layperson about the intricacies of the human body.
He calls the exhibition 'an anatomy of experience'. Von Hagens' method of preserving the bodies involves replacing bodily fluids with reactive polymers such as silicone, epoxy or polyester polymers, and was patented by the professor over twenty years ago.
The method enables cells, sinews, and veins to remain in an identical state to that preceding preservation, even down to the microscopic level. Hence, microscopic examinations are still possible."

@_date: 1999-04-29 14:15:33
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: .Pedophiles and Terrorists.At least 2 horsemen need killing. 
"Grooming" Kiddies for 'meatspace'.
"U.S. would seek to extradite them because they sent child pornography into the United States, Bonner said.
"I don't care where in the world you are, if you send it here you are subject to U.S. law," he said."
APster; who do you want to kill today? Set a horseman to catch one...or two.(my 2$)

@_date: 1999-04-29 14:32:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Liars poker at http://www.smirkingchimp.com/ 
WASHINGTON (AP) - Memo to Republican candidates for the House: Never let Democrats "get away with" using words such as privatization or stock market when they criticize GOP plans for Social Security.
Avoid supporting any specific proposal for personal retirement accounts — the concept backed by President Bush to let workers invest part of their payroll taxes on their own.
And "never use the word 'privatize' when referring to Medicare modernization or reforms."
Those and other morsels of advice are in a 280-page campaign primer distributed in recent weeks to House GOP candidates by the party's congressional campaign committee. The material was obtained by The Associated Press.
( The full story... | 4839 bytes more | 20 comments

@_date: 1999-04-29 15:05:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Zabalaza. 
African anarchism online African anarchism online
New African anarchist website online at
Includes pamphlets, perspectives, Zabalaza magazine
Also see
Older anarchist material
 "Since 1994 the ANC-led government has approved a number of controversial arms deals (and proposed arms deals) with countries such as Rwanda, Uganda, the Republic of Congo, Algeria, Colombia, Syria, Turkey, Taiwan, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia. Many of the recipients of South African arms are authoritarian and undemocratic regimes; countries with poor human rights records; or countries experiencing various forms of intra and inter-state conflict, including regional arms races."
India has recently purchased arms from DSA.
More info on vulture capitalism.

@_date: 1999-04-29 15:35:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Me Tarzan. 
The DoD wants to blind and burn you individually,no more Hiroshimas...maybe.
US DoD push for laser, microwave weapons
In its FY 2004 Defence Planning Guidance, the US Department of Defense calls on the US Air Force (USAF) to plan for directed-energy (DE) weapons within a decade. Industry officials say the technology exists to support those plans.
F-35 nosecone blueprints now available on blacknet,btw.
In Sydney thousands marched against the rogue terror State...
If your 747 feels warm when you get on it may be a short flight...at least one passenger noted that the cabin was hotter than normal prior to In the swings and roundabouts of deals with tyrannies,au lost a billion or so in Iraq wheat and gained 25 in a natural gas deal with China.
APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 1999-04-29 15:42:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The value of stupidity in spying.  
A smile and a stick will see you through
Before Bond, a spy didn't need a fancy gadget from Q to get out of trouble. John Fisher's Gentleman Spies tells of a golden era in espionage
Giles Foden
Saturday August 10, 2002
The Guardian
Gentleman Spies: Intelligence Agents in the British Empire and Beyond
by John Fisher
209pp, Sutton, £20
"Supposing they had got some tremendous sacred sanction - some holy thing, some book or gospel or some new prophet from the desert, something which would cast over the whole ugly mechanism of German war the glamour of the old torrential raids which crumpled the Byzantine Empire and shook the walls of Vienna? Islam is a fighting creed, and the mullah still stands in the pulpit with the Koran in one hand and a drawn sword in the other. Supposing there is some Ark of the Covenant which will madden the remotest Moslem peasant with dreams of Paradise? What then, my friend?"
So Richard Hannay, late of The Thirty-Nine Steps, is sent on the perilous mission of Greenmantle, John Buchan's first-world-war thriller. Published in 1916, it raised the spectre of a jihad led by an evil genius bent on thwarting the interests of the so-called civilised nations. That jihad (in fact, a genuine part of a German strategy to destabilise British possessions in the east), in combination with the "great game" of the Hindu Kush (in which Russian influence was the danger), were the two main concerns of the "gentleman spies" whose stories John Fisher tells in this entertaining and well-informed history.
They were people like the Whittall family, Turkish-speaking Harrovians with "major interests in the mohair trade in Asia Minor", the "moneyed tramp" William John Childs, and "the reporter who played the piano" - and kept a snake in a cigar box - Paul Dukes.
Another was Robert (later Baron) Baden-Powell, who wrote an essay on the value of stupidity in spying. While Germany's clever spies were rounded up, "the exceedingly stupid Englishmen who wandered about foreign countries sketching cathedrals, or catching butterflies, or fishing for trout, were merely laughed at as harmless lunatics". As for tradecraft, Baden-Powell added that "a smile and a stick will carry you through any difficulty" - sentiments which could just as easily be found in any pre-war spy novel.
By the time Ian Fleming updated the image (and technology) of the gentleman spy in the figure of James Bond, real-life spies had been taking their cue from fictional avatars for decades. Yet not all the work of these intrepid young adventurers had the adrenaline levels of a Buchan-style thriller. Take the case of one Bradshawe, our man in Kirkuk. Styled by friends as "the most bored man in Iraq", he spent his time "resigning by every mail".
Posted by our man in Where are the Philbies and Hanssens of yesteryear?
Have to keep spellchecking that with Google.

@_date: 1999-04-29 15:57:33
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Feeling RANDy?,have a squiz at this.The Ainal 'wink' 
"The biggest problem before the country's planners under the leadership of King Fahd was to strike a balance in the employment of the Internet. KACST executives were aware of its need not only in business, finance, education and communications, but also culturally. Critics in the past had raised questions about the delay in the launching of the Internet, and then the close monitoring of websites. What they failed to understand was that a new technology could not be just imposed on people before the proper groundwork had been done. The users were to be educated on the pros and cons of the new technology and a mechanism was to be involved to keep the society away from the negative sides of the Internet. Many Western and other developed countries are now following what Saudi Arabia understood at the beginning. The aim was to strike a balance between technological advancement, culture and religion and today none of the three components undermine any of the During a symposium on the Internet in Dammam, Eastern Province Chamber of Commerce and Industry Chairman Khaled Al-Zamil said: "We spare no effort to enter the IT world without fear and hesitation, because we have established a scientific base which qualifies us to enter such world and gain its benefits but at the same time distance ourselves from what causes harm to our religion and ourselves."

@_date: 1999-04-29 16:32:08
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: BUSH ILL-lupus disseminate-BUSH DYING? 
I will have my little jokes,yet what if vlad bought some over on his trip?
There really was a 'clockwork orange',once...The election of a Labor government under Harold Wilson in 1964 caused deep-seated hostility in the American and British intelligence communities. The Daily Mirror tycoon Cecil King - a long-time MI5 agent - made it clear that he would publish "anything MI5 might care to leak" - part of his "coup" which he was convinced would bring down the Labor government.
Harold Wilson was in fact a social democrat of moderate political views, fully committed to continued membership of NATO and the retention of Britain's nuclear forces, and he was a staunch anti-Communist. Nonetheless, many extreme right-wing intelligence officers viewed Wilson as a dangerous socialist. Wilson's predecessor, Hugh Gaitskell, had died of a rare tropical disease, lupus disseminate, following his return from a visit to Moscow. Certain paranoid MI5 officers were convinced that Gaitskell had been murdered by the KGB to get power for Wilson, who was a Soviet agent. A secret plot, code-named Clockwork Orange, was hatched to discredit Wilson and the Labor Party.

@_date: 1999-04-29 17:07:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Am I 5. 
MI5 and MI6 are the world's oldest secret intelligence agencies. They began in 1909 with the formation of a military section (MOT, which became MI5) and a naval section (M1-1C, later MI6).
Captain Vernon Fell was the first head of MI5, a post he retained for thirty years. Fell was a xenophobic racist who believed that genuine British people "are sorry for any of our women folk who marry a foreigner". He set about compiling an "Alien Register" of all foreigners in the country; by 1914 it had details of 16,000 people on its files.
Iggy pops singin',"I'm bored." terrific. "I'm the chairman of the "MI5 installed Lord Tredegar, a well-known falconer, on the south coast of England with his birds as part of the Falcon (Interceptor) Unit with instructions to hunt down any suspicious-looking carrier pigeons that might pass by. MI5 later had Lord Tredegar imprisoned in the Tower of London for revealing his work to a fellow peer."
The original 'Falcon.'
"MI5's interrogation centre for enemy agents during the war was at Latchmere House, run by Colonel Stephens, who was greatly disliked within the service for his "almost Nazi behaviour and vile temper." One prisoner was beaten nearly to death and there were several suicides and attempted suicides in the cells.
MI5 commenced Operation Double Cross, which involved "turning" German agents into working for British intelligence. There was, however, an element of "triple cross" to the system, with agents still secretly working for the Abwehr. Throughout the war, MI5 was at the centre of a series of blunders and misinterpretation of information, which led to several disasters in planning against German forces. For example, a captured map of the German invasion of France was dismissed as a fake."
An army officer later to work in intelligence with Mi5 and ASIS,charles ellis,was later found to have sold the allied order of battle to the Abwehr.After the war he sold INT to the KGB.Shit happens.
"British intelligence made a deal with Nazi war criminal Joseph Mengele for his records of the Nazis' development of the nerve gases Sarin, Tabun and Soman. Soon afterwards, Mengele's brother, father and co-researcher were all released from custody and allowed to resume their civilian employment without regard to their Nazi pasts; Mengele himself was allowed to emigrate to Argentina."
Dont mess with those precursors,jimmy! Speaking of precursors,this ones "In Iran, a popular nationalist leader Mohammed Mossadeq had become prime minister in 1951 and was seeking to nationalise the British-owned Anglo-Iranian Oil Company - the most powerful economic institution in the country. A joint MI6/CIA operation was mounted to depose Mossadeq and restore power to the pro-western Shah of Iran. MI6 provided a network of agents inside Iran; the CIA supplied $2 million and arms. A campaign of covertly-funded propaganda and bribery culminated in August 1953 with the overthrow of Mossadeq by army leaders in the pay of Western intelligence. The Shah always subsequently maintained close links with British intelligence during his reign of brutal dictatorship."
"...a group of paranoid MI5 officers (notably Arthur Mann and Peter Wright) became convinced that a Soviet mole was present in the senior ranks of MI5 - possibly even the Director General himself, Roger Hollis. However the case against Hollis (who retired from MI5 in 1965) was largely circumstantial and the case was never proved. The obsessive mole-hunter Peter Wright left the service an embittered man; still convinced of Hollis' Hollis helped set up ASIO. The CSIS and ASIO spy on you,(if your a septic.) Your NSA /CIA/ FBI spy on us.Its called ECHELON.Great model in some ways for APster.Responsibility is always offshore and deniable,cascading agencies.

@_date: 1999-04-29 17:28:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 3 Gorges. 
Virtually in exile
With such personal threats at home, it's not difficult to see why some online journalists and activists chose to work in exile. There are problems with this approach, obviously -- their online information might be blocked at home, many potential readers will not be able to afford access to their site and their critics will always accuse them of being stooges of foreign governments - but for some the benefit of being able to tell the truth outweighs these concerns.
The main problem of running a Web site in exile is maintaining local relevance and authenticity when writing from abroad; specifically, the site needs regular, up-to-date information from within the country. The only way to do this is to develop a network of reliable correspondents on the ground and to develop efficient channels for getting their information out of the In the worst cases this means either heavily working the phones to your contacts on the ground, or, where phone-tapping is a concern, the smuggling of documentation out of the country. On the face of it, that would seem to be little advancement on the tedious and dangerous methods of the Communist-era dissidents. Still, when it works, it can bring the only non-regime-sponsored information to the outside world and offers a unique eye on closed societies. The work of the Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan in Taliban-controlled Afghanistan was certainly one of the best examples of such activity the Internet has ever seen.
In less restrictive situations, the Internet itself is the networking tool, and e-mail allows émigré publishing to be current from the ground in a way that Iron Curtain dissidents never could be. Even then, however, expanding a network of correspondents on the ground is not always straightforward, and the specifics of the local culture and local regime need to be considered.
My own Institute for War and Peace Reporting is familiar with this problem. The editors of our online publications covering post-Soviet Central Asia, Afghanistan and the Balkans are all émigré journalists in London who develop their networks on the ground according to the possibilities in individual countries. In Uzbekistan, for example, the situation is relaxed enough for us to have a physical office in Tashkent and a rather normal network of correspondents radiating out from it. In Turkmenistan, however, the situation is significantly more complicated for us. Forget a physical office: all our reporters on the ground communicate directly via e-mail with our central office in London. Trying to build a normal network there would only attract informants who would turn in all our associates, so we keep our correspondents on the ground isolated from one another. They wouldn't recognize each other if they sat next to one another on a bus in downtown Ashghabat.
But even if you have a developed network of correspondents on the ground, that doesn't mean that people will feel comfortable talking to them. When fear so thoroughly permeates society, mouths stay closed.
In some cases, however, the subject matter is so potentially damaging to people's lives that they are able to overcome their fear of the authorities. The work of the Three Gorges Probe, a Web-site in Canada dedicated to discussing the controversial Three Gorges dam project in China, provides an interesting example of this. Publisher Patricia Adams was reluctant to discuss the details of her network on the ground, but she told me that ordinary people in the region are very eager to talk to TGP correspondents about the dam, as they genuinely hope their concerns will be addressed. Their willingness to talk is understandable; after all, many of them are the ones being resettled by the dam project.
The Three Gorges Probe Web site highlights another particular problem of this genre: oftentimes, the line between journalism and activism becomes fuzzy -- to the detriment of the reader seeking objective information. Adams insists Three Gorges Probe is pure journalism, but it is pretty clear that the site offers a mostly critical view of the project. While that may be a justifiable editorial policy intended to counter all the official information on the dam project, many émigré sites have very serious problems with balance.
Amnesty International's Umit Ozturk sees this as unfortunate in the Turkish case but admits, "It couldn't be any other way." Most Turkish and Kurdish émigré sites are run by "activist reporters," people who care so passionately about their cause that objectivity takes a back seat in their online efforts.
Veronica Forwood of Reporters without Borders, however, says it depends on the background of the editors. Those who come from a strong journalism background usually try to maintain a sense of balance and concentrate on on-the-ground reporting rather than commentary.
Interestingly, there is now serious talk in U.K. NGO circles of creating a non-profit project specifically designed to help émigré journalists establish Web sites with local correspondent networks for the people in their repressive regimes back home. The idea is to provide start-up funds as well as the technical expertise and journalism training needed to run an émigré Web site with real impact on the ground.
Real change is not virtual
That impact is the heart of the problem for all Web sites working within and around repressive regimes. For all the excited talk about the Internet bringing freedom, actual examples of online publishing bringing about change in these countries are few.
In many ways, the Internet seems to fulfill the same role as samizdat did in Communist Czechoslovakia. Like that old dissident literature, the Internet in authoritarian regimes offers the only place for critical voices, but, sadly, it has little effect on the ground. Remember, despite the international fame of writers like Vaclav Havel, outside of a small circle of intellectuals in Prague, hardly anyone ever read samizdat within Communist Czechoslovakia. The Velvet Revolution emerged from direct action within a changed geo-political atmosphere; decades of dissident carping had nothing to do with real change when the regime finally fell.
As it was with samizdat, most people in authoritarian regimes never get a chance to see Internet publications, and the whole enterprise, both the publishing of banned information and official attempts to stop it, is more a game for elites: elite dissident intellectuals criticize elite rulers, and they argue back and forth in a virtual space. The opponents can score a few victories in that virtual space, but meanwhile, back in reality, little changes for the people on the ground.
Some may find such a conclusion a bit pessimistic, especially coming from someone who works in the field of online journalism in these countries. But it is important to keep one's feet on the ground and neither underestimate the scope of the problem nor overestimate the ability of the medium.
And there is some reason for cautious optimism. CPJ's A. Lin Neumann, for example, reminded me that, "elites, generally, tend to lead the movement toward change so the fact that the Internet is somewhat confined to elite communication in some places does not disqualify it as a change agent." Neumann points to China, saying that the Internet has had an effect on the ground there, leading, for instance, to greater impact of stories on Neumann also told me that the nature of the Internet means, "It is simply harder, even for the Burmese bad guys, to keep secrets from the world, because once information gets out it circulates widely."
"Twenty years ago," he noted, "that information -- such as a secret arrest that is revealed through an underground contact -- would have to circulate by newsletters sent in the post; now it is on the desks of journalists and others within minutes."

@_date: 1999-04-29 17:30:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "They!,who the hell are THEY!" 
Censorship Wins Out
Many journalists and activists have brought their struggle for democracy to the Internet but plenty of nasty regimes have learned to control the Net for their purposes
Andrew Stroehlein
posted: 2002-04-16
Editor's note: Andrew Stroehlein is head of training at the Institute for War and Peace Reporting and founder of Central Europe Review. He writes regularly about Internet censorship in authoritarian regimes.
A decade or so ago, it was all clear: the Internet was believed to be such a revolutionary new medium, so inherently empowering and democratizing, that old authoritarian regimes would crumble before it. What we've learned in the intervening years is that the Internet does not inevitably lead to democracy any more than it inevitably leads to great wealth.
  "The Web really does scare these regimes," says Veronica Forwood of Reporters without Borders.
The idea that the Internet itself is a threat to authoritarian regimes was a bit of delusional post-Cold War optimism. It is true that many activists and journalists have brought their struggle for democracy, the rule of law and freedom of expression to the new medium, but they have not been blessed by inevitable victory, and plenty of nasty regimes have learned how to co-exist with the Internet in one way or another. In country after country, the same old struggle goes on: hard-line regimes and their opponents remain locked in battle, and the Internet has become simply one more forum for their fight.
Repressive regimes are paranoid by nature. Those in power see enemies everywhere and encourage mass paranoia, overemphasizing threats to national security in order to justify their draconian rule. When early Web-heads equated the Internet with inevitable democracy, paranoia-prone regimes were natural suckers for the idea.
"The Web really does scare these regimes," Veronica Forwood told me. Forwood is the UK Representative for Reporters without Borders, the publisher of the excellent "Enemies of the Internet" report, outlining the situation in many regimes around the world, "They want to control everything, and the Web seems so nebulous and unknowable to them, they are just frightened by it."
Indeed, many repressive states see the Internet as such a threat that they simply ban it altogether. The former regime in Taliban-controlled Afghanistan and North Korea are two cases of a complete ban, though it is known that a few very high-ranking ministers in each regime have had access to e-mail at least.
Another particularly harsh example is Burma. A. Lin Neumann, Asia Consultant for the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) and author of an excellent recent report on press freedom in Burma, explained to me that the military junta in Rangoon effectively prevents public Internet access in the country. One needs a permit for a modem, and though a few people have them illegally, long-distance calls for foreign access are prohibitively expensive. The tiny number of government-approved e-mail accounts are all monitored by censors, and the high price of those accounts again keeps most ordinary citizens away in any case.
Relying on high access costs as a de facto censor is an easy trick for regimes, as they generally lord over desperately poor countries. As we previously discussed here in OJR, Uzbekistan is a perfect example. In true Soviet style, the authorities in Tashkent have set up the technical infrastructure so that they have the capability to monitor e-mails and Web browsing, but it seems they don't actually interfere that much just yet, because they know the price of access means that only a tiny fraction of the population are online, an insignificant fraction apparently in the authorities' view.
But an all-out ban and relying on high access costs are hardly the only methods of keeping control over online information. Despite the theory behind the Internet's built-in anti-censorship architecture, official control is actually very possible in practice, especially as the regimes run the telecommunications infrastructure when the country comes online.
In Iraq the regime is trying to use the Internet to its own advantage while cutting off access to the public. The Internet is accessible from some government ministries, but since, like Burma, one needs special permission to own a modem, home access is limited to the most trusted members of the ruling elite.
The situation in Cuba is little better. The government allows access at approved institutions, including trusted firms and universities. Private access at home is nearly non-existent, and the government is setting up a Cuba-only intranet for young people, to keep their activity corralled in an easily controlled space. The overall effect of these efforts, according to a detailed report by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, is that, "there is essentially no legal, commercially available public access to the Internet" in Cuba.
Some repressive regimes, however, realizing that the new technology can have some positive benefits for society at large, have developed a more sophisticated approach to the Internet, attempting to allow widespread access and yet maintain control over it. China has tens of millions of Internet users and has easily one of the fastest growing online populations in the world. Still, the authorities' control points are several. Chinese chatrooms, for example, are monitored and comments offensive to the regime are removed quickly by the moderators.
Much more importantly, though, is the Chinese government's ability to censor material coming in from outside China. All external information runs through government servers, so the authorities can and do block outside Web sites they deem potentially dangerous. A report by CPJ in January of last year notes that the main targets for blocking are Western news sites, Chinese dissident sites, Taiwanese media and sites of the banned religious group, Falun Gong. But the CPJ Report also observed how inconsistent the blocking can be, and this point is backed up by this writer's experience. On a recent trip to China, I did a little test of my own in an Internet cafe: US sites cnn.com and time.com were blocked, but UK sites for The Guardian and The Independent newspapers, both with plenty of articles critical of Beijing, were easily accessible.
It is, however, probably not as random as it appears, and the Chinese authorities have blocked a huge number of sites, most likely paying more attention to those sites they feel are better known to Chinese users. Certainly, the authorities' overall control can be in no doubt, exemplified by the fact that their blocking can be turned on and off at will: during last October's APEC meeting in Shanghai, the Chinese authorities temporarily lifted their blocks of some American Web sites as a sop to foreign delegates.
As CPJ's A. Lin Neumann told me: "Chinese blocking is reasonably effective on their part. It takes some determination to get around it, and I doubt that many people want to really play the game. Most of the students I talked with, quite frankly, were more interested in sex, computer games and English proficiency (in that order) than they were in politics on the While it's true some editors try to stay one step ahead of the blockers by constantly setting up new proxy sites, that kind of cat-and-mouse routine, forcing the reader to waste time keeping up with frequent address changes, only benefits the censors.
While access to the outside world is significantly limited in China through extensive and complex blocking, the authorities have a much easier time controlling what is published within China. As in many heavy-handed regimes, self-censorship is the key factor in China: editors of Web sites inside China know well the limits of what is acceptable and what is not, and it only takes a few tough arrests and harsh crackdowns to send a clear signal to Web journalists and activists everywhere. The infamous persecution of online publisher Huang Qi is probably enough to keep most Chinese Web editors in line.
This "let that be a lesson to you all" tactic is as old as man, but even with the newest technology it still works -- and is a typical ploy even in regimes that are generally considered less repressive than China. Umit Ozturk, vice-chair of Amnesty International's Journalists' Network, explained to me how this works in Turkey. In Turkey, if a Web site publishes something the military-dominated state finds unacceptable, the ISP's will receive a quick visit or a phone call from someone "suggesting" the immediate removal of that site. Failure to do so would be very detrimental to one's health, so the ISPs naturally comply.
When the optimists spoke of inevitable freedom through the Internet a few years back, they forgot about such crude and effective methods of information control.
Virtually in exile
With such personal threats at home, it's not difficult to see why some online journalists and activists chose to work in exile. There are problems with this approach, obviously -- their online information might be blocked at home, many potential readers will not be able to afford access to their site and their critics will always accuse them of being stooges of foreign governments - but for some the benefit of being able to tell the truth outweighs these concerns.
The main problem of running a Web site in exile is maintaining local relevance and authenticity when writing from abroad; specifically, the site needs regular, up-to-date information from within the country. The only way to do this is to develop a network of reliable correspondents on the ground and to develop efficient channels for getting their information out of the The main problem of running a Web site in exile is maintaining local relevance and authenticity when writing from abroad.
In the worst cases this means either heavily working the phones to your contacts on the ground, or, where phone-tapping is a concern, the smuggling of documentation out of the country. On the face of it, that would seem to be little advancement on the tedious and dangerous methods of the Communist-era dissidents. Still, when it works, it can bring the only non-regime-sponsored information to the outside world and offers a unique eye on closed societies. The work of the Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan in Taliban-controlled Afghanistan was certainly one of the best examples of such activity the Internet has ever seen.
In less restrictive situations, the Internet itself is the networking tool, and e-mail allows émigré publishing to be current from the ground in a way that Iron Curtain dissidents never could be. Even then, however, expanding a network of correspondents on the ground is not always straightforward, and the specifics of the local culture and local regime need to be considered.
My own Institute for War and Peace Reporting is familiar with this problem. The editors of our online publications covering post-Soviet Central Asia, Afghanistan and the Balkans are all émigré journalists in London who develop their networks on the ground according to the possibilities in individual countries. In Uzbekistan, for example, the situation is relaxed enough for us to have a physical office in Tashkent and a rather normal network of correspondents radiating out from it. In Turkmenistan, however, the situation is significantly more complicated for us. Forget a physical office: all our reporters on the ground communicate directly via e-mail with our central office in London. Trying to build a normal network there would only attract informants who would turn in all our associates, so we keep our correspondents on the ground isolated from one another. They wouldn't recognize each other if they sat next to one another on a bus in downtown Ashghabat.
But even if you have a developed network of correspondents on the ground, that doesn't mean that people will feel comfortable talking to them. When fear so thoroughly permeates society, mouths stay closed.MORE...

@_date: 1999-04-29 17:42:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Missing Cobalt 60. Dont worry,be happy. 
"An inspector at the No. 502 Power Plant in the southwestern province of Sichuan discovered 63 pieces of Cobalt-60 and 14 empty lead casings missing in late February, the semi-official China News Service said in a report seen by Reuters on Sunday"
"Cobalt-60 produces gamma rays that increase the chances of cancer in those exposed to it, but it can also be used as a medical tracer and to treat various types of cancer and irradiate food.
As one of several radioactive materials less closely guarded than uranium or plutonium, experts say it could be used in a so-called "dirty bomb" - a conventional explosive combined with a radioactive material that could spread the harmful material over a wide area."

@_date: 1999-04-29 17:45:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Got a 'hot' IED? Hire a helicopter from us! 
Heli-Tele is the ultimate aerial surveillance tool,
it can read car number plates from 2,000feet.
and easily identify suspect persons
Reconnaissance of buildings & sites
Aerial photographic & video filming
Security checks of sensitive areas
Airborne escort & protection service
For Boeing aircraft see Saddam Hussein or Tell em' your from the professor.

@_date: 1999-04-29 18:59:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Tigers wood 
She's Elin Nordgren? Check collars and cuffs.
and Byrons,the Texas Jordan?
The Icon Hangs 'Em Up
If you saw the Kevin Costner movie For the Love of the Game, there's a scene where Costner, during the course of a ballgame, throws his arm out and at that point knows his 19 year career as a pitcher is over. Costner in true movie fashion, though, finishes to pitch a perfect game. Tom Byron had a similar moment yesterday during the run of a sex scene. Contrary to movie fashion, Byron took himself out of the scene he was doing with Kitten and let her finish it up with her off camera beau, Mark Davis and Monique. Byron said he was happy it ended that way because it turned into a whale of a threesome.
Byron: I don't want to be like Zupko and announce my retirement for the 300th time. And this is not a 'work' as they like to say in the wrestling business. It's been coming on for the last couple of years. I just got to the point where, I don't want to say burnout, but the fact-of-the-matter is that I'm 41 years old. I put in my 20. Now it's time to collect the pension. And thankfully I'm in a position where I'm able to do that.
And a thing a lot of people don't know, I have arthritis in both my knees and lower back- very likely as a result of contorting my body in weird positions so the camera can see the penetration and stuff like that. I guess I had that moment of clarity yesterday. I was doing a scene for my new series Black Attack. It was with Kitten. I'm attracted to her, and was really looking forward to banging her. But, I don't know. All of a sudden I realized I wanted to fuck her, but I didn't want the camera there. It's been a steady progression over the past few years since I entered the business arena. Even from the time I started directing, that was ultimately as a means to and end, which was to retire gracefully. Not overstay my welcome. I've got to say over the past couple of years, with rare exceptions, I've just kind of gone through the motions. You see it on tape, and it's edited, and it looks like I'm going to town. But it's become sort of a mechanical act for me.
And I want my private sex life back. I've shared my penis and my legendary balls for the last 20 years. Now I'm shy and I don't want to share them anymore. For the last few years, I've been saying this, I enjoy the first ten minutes of a scene. Then after that I get lost in that place. I say to myself, oh my God this girl's sucking my dick and licking my ass, but after that I know I still have to get another 20 or 30 minutes of footage. That's when I'm editing in my head, thinking how I'm going to cut this thing together. I just don't want to do that anymore. It's been a great 20 years and everything but I don't want to overstay my welcome. And I think I've come to point in my life where, knock on wood, I'm financially able to do something like that. A lot of people have to stay in the business and in front of the camera because that's what keeps on paying their bills.
Gene: You're a private guy, you're introspective and dare I say, a bit of a Byron: A lot of that was from wrestling with this decision. It's a big decision on my part because my sex life has been documented on film. And it got me into the homebody introspection. I think in some weird way I'm embarrassed almost that everyone knows what my dick looks like.
Gene: Well, definitely we know what the balls look like.
Byron: But by no means am I ashamed or put down by what I've done. Nor do I think I'm better than anyone else that's ever done it before me or who will do it in the future. I want to be more outgoing. I want to be taken more seriously as a businessman. I'm co-owner of Extreme Associates and XPW wrestling but I'm still looked on as that guy who does the fuck films. I want to get more into that arena and learn more about that side of the business than I have. I've gotten an immeasurable amount of knowledge in the last five years by being involved with Extreme. But I want to delve into that more and be looked on as a businessman. However, I'm still going to direct. I'm still going to shoot and edit.
As far as my series, that's it for Lord of Asses. I may start a new chapter with some new series. While Whack Attack has the brand recognition, I may start something different. And it'll still be the same thing except for the fact that I won't be on camera. It'll still be a Tom Byron movie with the camera work and editing. And by any means I don't know if this is a permanent thing. I may take a year off and decide I want to come back and do this thing. Or in the course of a scene you never know. Now that the pressure's off, if I get horny during a scene- and it could happen- I might want to whip it out and get a blowjob. What I might do, for shits and giggles, is an occasional non-sex appearance. And I'm going to put my name out there for other companies. If you pay my exorbitant rate, I have script approval and it's a good movie overall, I will consider doing a non-sex performance to lend my celebrity to a production. But I've got to do it first for Zupko who's been bugging for the last couple of years. I've had a SAG card for the last 15 years, maybe I'll get into mainstream. I don't know. I never really sought that but other people have done it. Maybe I'll give that a shot, too.
You mentioned being introverted, well maybe that part of me is going to change, too. Largely as a result of this. Mark Davis has a birthday party Saturday night. I'll go to that. I went to Night of the Stars. It was good seeing a lot of the people there. That was fun even though I had too much vodka and was really loaded towards the end of the night. But we had a limo. I just want to be more out there. I want to be the ambassador of Extreme- maybe not as ubiquitous as Ron Jeremy. Here's a guy that doesn't perform that much anymore, but he's still that entity because he's out everywhere. Every porno event you see happening, there's Ron Jeremy. Oh, this must be the place to be because Ron Jeremy's here. I want to start being more like that. I just want to begin a new chapter in my life.
Gene: You have mentioned on several occasions that Viagra's what kept you in the game.
Byron: By all means. If it wasn't for Viagra I would have been making this announcement at least a couple of years ago. And that's what's kept me in. But yesterday that didn't even work. There are some guys who use it every time they do a scene, some of whom are doing two scenes a day. First of all, the shit causes real bad heartburn. I got heartburn like a motherfucker. And your vision gets kind of blurry and blue. It's not something that I would need in my private life but it's something that I pretty much have come dependent on just to get me through that extra 20 or 30 minutes of footage.
Gene: That we might have it for the record, who was the first girl that you ever worked with?
Byron: I wish I could remember. I think that was the only scene she did, or she might have done one other movie. Some transient girl. I really don't know.
Gene: We needed a chronicler back then.
Byron: Yeah. There was no Internet, no AVN. There was barely a Hustler back then because Larry was still locked up in his bedroom before he had laser surgery on his back. Actually the chronicler back then was Bobby Hollander. He was the one who started Adult Cinema Review.
Gene: Like you might ask of Michael Jordan, is this really it?
Byron: If I make a comeback announcement, don't be surprised. Better yet, don't hold your breath.

@_date: 1999-04-29 19:12:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 30 years of mainstream porn.Now a multi-billion dollar 
Sell these meatmeisters on 'digital bearer bonds,' and we are home and hosed.
"Adult stopped being a dirty little secret and became part and parcel of the entertainment mainstream when Frank Sinatra unspooled Deep Throat (starring Linda Lovelace and Harry Reems) for Vice President Agnew at Sinatra's residence, Johnny Carson joked about the film on The Tonight Show in the early '70s, and reporters Woodward and Bernstein dubbed their informant "Deep Throat."
Fuck me dead,has it been that long? Well dog my cats!

@_date: 1999-04-29 20:36:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hard rockin' amigo. 
WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE
This promises to be dangerous ground for us both, dear reader. See, I used to bleed all over the page for a living - and those unfortunates recognizing the byline will know I'm being nothing but literal in my appropriation of that lame cliché. Let's just say there's a few hot goth psycho-bitchs out there who know the taste of me through more than one precious bodily fluid ...
As a weekly columnist for SCREW magazine and then a monthly rabble-rouser at the SPECTATOR, I turned my life in New York City and San Francisco into the gasoline for igniting reams of newsprint into endless bleats, rants and manifestos. Scooping and snooping my way into the most interesting - and educational - situations the sexual underworld has to offer earned me a certain amount of notoriety. Many wild and grim parties later, I even imagined myself owning the wisdom of Dante.
Then I moved to L.A., and learned, baby, learned (Porno Inferno).
Four years into this incredible voyage, this nerveless deathmarch, I have overcome that all-too typical smug East Coast native's naïve superstition that the city of Los Angeles is Soul Death; in all fundamental spiritual matters, indeed Hell on Earth.
No, after 48 months of nothing but forced research into my immediate environment, I have come to my own independent conclusion: Los Angeles is a moral, intellectual, and creative black hole, sucking the very life force from any man, plant or animal foolhardy enough to exist on its cursed soil. And oh yeah, it's Hell on Earth, as well.
You might say I'm wallowing in the perspective of the blind man yanking on the elephant's tail and pronouncing it a snake, what with immersing myself in the Valley-based porn video industry. "Of course it stinks when you're squatting in the outhouse, dummy," you might say. "You have to wipe your ass and come out into the living room with the proper folks!"
I ain't buyin' it. Common wisdom out here is that the only difference between the low standards of behavior over there in the "Big Town" (I love it - one aspiring Robert Evans doing time peddling DVD mastering services to the porn hoi polloi actually called it that in front of me) and the tawdriness of the porn industry is this:
Where in Hollywood the Sharks That Be will gladly sell your mother, their mother, anybody's mother to a drug-crazed cannibalistic white-slavery cult for the sake of "earning" many hundred-thousands and even millions of dollars, their counterparts in the porn industry will commit the same deed for the sake of, oh, a hundred bucks. We're a heinous lot, people, and it can't be whitewashed.
The PBS series "Frontline," in their latest breathless "expose" on the porn industry, doggedly skimmed the surface of our distastefulness, preferring the eye-rolling melodrama of the Spanky and Our Gang Play Manson Family antics of one flash-in-the-pan company that specializes in cartoonishly marketing childish shock antics to the less obvious but far more pressing issues dealt with every day by performers, shooters, graphic artists, warehouse workers, etc ... Hey, Frontline, how about a little data-gathering on the Redwood Forest of bad paper that gets passed to hard-working Jacks and Jills who are nearly always already working under the radar of state and federal fair employment laws? Or the flagrant subculture of bootlegging and "backdooring" that pops up like acne on a Max Hardcore starlet's face?
Believe me, as a former daily newspaper reporter, I know the answer. Not "sexy" enough. That's actually the trade lingo, you know, for determining a topic's commercial news value. Kind of puts the hypocrisy of the corporate information industry's stance on our little "Playpen of the Damned" in proper perspective, doesn't it?
Of course, I'm still a long way from being a defender of this industry. Having been exploited and humiliated by the same bottom feeders as many other naïve wannabes, and then having been exploited at arm's length by the ostensibly respectable big boys of corporate porn (but hey, at least their checks usually clear!), I find myself these days almost exactly where I began during my early days shooting art-fetish porn in San Francisco - doing it myself, the lowly smut equivalent of a struggling independent filmmaker with Something to Say that frightens the horses, as well as the limited imaginations of the Bean-Counting Porn Republicans.
Having made the transition from critic to director, I'm here to sell you the manifesto of a New Wave in porn, akin to the quantum leap made by Truffaut and Godard the day Jean Seberg went before their cameras in her pixie-cut and striped boatneck, hawking American newspapers and a romantic state of perpetual political, personal and sexual rebellion. This is the female muse I seek to have stripped bare by her grooms, even. Not your machine-made victim of a post-corporate sexuality, as defined my former San Francisco roommate, artist Rev. Steven Johnson Leyba in his amazing new book, COYOTE SATAN AMERIKA (Last Gasp Press):
"False advertising has abstracted sexuality into some distorted commodity to sell commodities. The sex drive is one of the strongest instincts, but the proprietors of government want us to be frustrated by the sex we can't have. Sexual unattainability helps keep the world economic machine going as we attempt to buy what we are told is a better way, life, style, etc. ... Pornography is constantly monitored and policed, not out of moral concerns but out of economic concerns ... All sexual images in the media are only used for economic strategies ... Sex and its image are policed to maintain an apolitical use. Any depiction outside of fucking seems to be a societal Whether the honesty is casual or profound, the only difficult thing I demand of my performers is the truth of their sexuality and the spirit behind it, whether for documentary purposes or to portray a character which, if I have my way, is usually scripted to reflect the performer portraying it. I don't need a cadre of bored "professionals" in front of my camera or at my back, milling about as part of an overpaid mercenary army of crew serving mostly to bolster some faux auteur's notions that he is indeed the General Domo of his own banana republic: there's no room for journeymen, snake-oil salesmen or bored traffic cops on this adventure.
Hey, believe me. I made the half-hearted attempt to sell out, for the sake of a comfortable niche, and a regular salary. In my last curtsey to corporate porn, I offered around a project earlier this year that is inarguably the best porn feature I've ever thought up. Which, considering I wrote the screenplays for 2001's three most-nominated corporate porn features, might make the naïve think I'd be knee-deep in Cuban cigars and Tokyo whores right now, finally preparing to shoot something with a decent amount of sheckels in the kitty.
But: Nah. This is the Porn game, fools, where anybody who thinks beyond the self-imposed box is immediately considered a threat to Life As We Know It. If they can't suck you in and housebreak you, they ostracize you - while reassuring you to Keep In Touch, especially if you have any new ideas to appropriate - ah, be pitched, that is ...
But that's okay. Revolutions are born out of disenfranchisement and repression, and so comes Serious Mirror Productions, not a belching factory of anonymously splattered revolving flesh, but a craftsman's workshop, where porn can be addressed as the true funhouse reflection of our society and souls that it is, whether in the sweat spots tumbling delicately off a slut's ass to explode against the floor, or the hypnotic, throat-gulping snake-dance of a deep-throat queen swallowing "sin"that tastes like life and perhaps anchovy paste, and offering some otherwise unenlightened mook back the blind, infinite joy of orgasm.
Funny, how when I first began shooting hardcore here in the valley, my Fagin-esque mentor admonished me against decorating my set with so many mirrors, since it slowed down the conveyor-belt pace of factory porn. I think maybe he was also afraid to pass in front of one, and reveal to those of us he was exploiting his own lack of any visible reflection.
Even funnier, when earlier this winter I discovered a novel by Ryu Murakami, the Tokyo author and filmmaker whose film TOKYO DECADENCE first convinced me a decade ago that the serious metaphysical issues ruling my own life could be addressed in erotically engaging, sexually explicit art. Visiting Suzi Suzuki, the first professional porn star I ever shot, and her husband in San Francisco for New Year's, I discovered that another recent movie that changed my life was based on a Murakami novel, AUDITION
(Directed not by Murakami but energetic pulp director Takashi Miike, AUDITION is a delightfully droll, disturbingly hilarious black comedy I recommend to anybody truly interested in the unsolveably brutal nature of art, exploitation and desire; skirt-chasing directors suffering from martyr's complexes are particularly advised to watch and learn.)
Suzi gifted me with an extra copy of the author's notorious-in-Japan first novel, ALMOST TRANSPARENT BLUE. Riding a Greyhound back down into Porno Inferno, I was so bemused and energized to read the narrator's grandest vision while sitting in the back of Burger King on the rest stop that I was almost stranded when I didn't hear the driver's all-aboard call:
"So I'd like to see a movie that cut out a little bit of the palace or the city in my head, like cutting up a cow, I think it really could be done.
"I think it would be a movie like an enormous mirror, a huge mirror, reflecting everyone who saw it, I'd really like to see that movie, if there was a movie like that I'd see it for sure."
So then, the gravity of serendipity has offered a final stamp of approval on this glorious pipedream. It's Serious Mirror time, ya'll. Don't look if there's something in you that you can't stand to see. This is nothing less than a true outlaw porn manifesto we're constructing, with the aide of collaborators you'll meet in future dispatches. Our work - never "our product" - is based neither on shock tactics and thoughtless brutality, nor psuedo-sophisticated marketing techniques. There's no room left for that sort of shit even in porn, now that as a race we have all actually entered into what could be the final struggle against the multinational corporate Illuminati (For real, chumps!).
In the chaos of sex and art the potential for revolution can never be extinguished, try and repress it as censors will, try and ignore it as greedy hacks might. The brutal, intimate truth of sex denies the lies we build fascist societies on, renounces the hypocritical values of an extinction-driven culture. It's the first peep of defiance and the last act of individualism. It's our damnation and/or our salvation, depending on which way we steer.
If you can't hang with that, click back to the press releases. Now.
-David Aaron Clark

@_date: 1999-04-30 13:57:33
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: I'm a terrorist. 
". Everyone has seen everything. Media has expanded our visual vocabulary, and the only things that are shocking are the things we don't want to see or hear - the things we want to block out, like the abstracted body parts of children killed in the bombing of Iraq, pedophilia in the Catholic Church, the left-overs in Jeffrey Dahmer's refrigerator, or privatized corporate prisons that will profit from your possible incarceration."
Reverend Steven Johnson Leyba

@_date: 1999-04-30 14:48:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hong Kong blondes. 
TIBET/CHINA: REPRESSION, HACKERS, AND MONKS Aug 10 2002
Hackers Target Chinese Media Amidst Continued Tibetan Repression
As China tries desperately to remake its image after entry into the WTO, the regime continues it's crackdown on Tibetan monasteries and Falun Gong While China uses an imposter Panchen Lama to spead propaganda, they are releasing certain Tibetan political prisoners. Tanag Jigme Zangpo, an elderly Tibetan teacher who has spent most of the past 40 years in prison, has been allowed to leave Tibet and arrived in Chicago earlier this month.
At the same time, Chinese authorities in Tibet continue the destruction of monasteries, they have begun their own "War on Terror" by arresting Tibetan lamas on allegations of bomb attacks.
The regime is also battling a ever more sophisticated band of Falun Gong hackers and a shadowy group known as the Hong Kong Blondes. In recent months, various Chinese state satellite news broadcasts have been hacked into and replaced with video explaining to the Chinese people the repressive measures used by the government against non-violent Falun Gong At the same time, people in Beijing complained of picking up their phones and hearing a five-minute recorded message from Falun Gong attacking the Chinese regime's attempts to silence the group.
Discuss this story and add more links regarding Tibet, the Falun Gong, and repression in China.
[ Tibetan Information Network | Public Defamation of Falun Gong by Chinese Officials | More about the Satellite TV Hacking ]

@_date: 1999-04-30 15:27:45
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The R.Hansen Institute. 
"There are some moments in time that ignite the passion and interest of the While in the neighborhood "Your Vancouver Canucks are committed to making a positive impact in the local community through specially designed outreach programs and fundraising initiatives"
As am I.
APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 1999-04-30 15:47:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Grifters,tramps and thieves. 
Confidence Men - Why the myth of Republican competence persists, despite all the evidence to the contrary
'Getting people to follow you by force of personality, persuasion, and will is the essence of leadership. In fact, some of the qualities that make the president so great at scamming the policy process proved to be his greatest strengths in the first phases of the war. Bush was supremely confident and appropriately indifferent to complexities that might have distracted a more thoughtful, but less resolute, individual. But mostly, what the Bushies call "leadership" is just a confidence game. And over time, that kind of leadership will get its butt kicked by reality every time'
( Joshua Micah Marshall via Washington Monthly )
Hollywood's Private War For Social Control
'If you control the means to disseminate content, you can subsequently control the public. If you can't afford - or are not willing - to play by the "established" means of control, you are typically left to fend for yourself in local venues and audiences. Thanks to the Information Age, this is not the case anymore. This harsh reality terrifies the entertainment industry that will stop at nothing - no matter how ill-conceived - to keep its reign despite a failing business model and changing economic and customer environment. The copyright debate isn't only about profit, it's also about who controls information, and ultimately, people and
society' ( Richard Forno via Infowarrior )
See also this letter (PDF) from 19 congress critters to John Ashcroft from last month

@_date: 1999-04-30 16:44:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Distributed,Open Source and Deadly. 
"We think the APster CryptoS is extremely attractive," Proffr Rat said. "(People ask), 'Is APster ready for primetime? Can I trust it is reliable enough and fast enough?' With clusterfuckers, it's fast enough. And with clusters, there's no single point of failure. If you lose one rodent, you have three left. APster is suddenly unbreakable, suddenly more reliable."
Although APster is huge, "nobody looks at the cryptoS Beta and says, 'Wow, that's tech done right.' They say, 'That's tech for idiots,' and our kids will want a lot more."
Another tester of the e-mint module,CJD,warned PR,"Careful bending over in the shower to pick up the SOAP."However the easiest to use and fastest app,WILE,the remailer,has had no complaints so far,(well,maybe one from an east coast net loon,something about clones dna) No serious drawbacks.
As last minute work progresses on the GUI,(something like the intro to I-war) the air is dense with geekspeak spiced with a dash of federalese. There's talk about encryption and nonrepudiation, digital signatures and biometrics, and more acronyms than you'll find in a bowl of alphabet soup: PKI, VPN, CHAP, TACACS,SOAP. All this for the highly anticipated destruction of the DOD and the DOJ, the FBI and the NSA! Two out of three rats carry cryptosporydium (a cause of gastroenteritis); only
slightly less common are salmonella, listeria (which causes septicaemia and shrubs disease,lupus disseminata.Al Zeihmer works for us so why play with palladium when your cruising with cryptoS?

@_date: 1999-04-30 16:54:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Approximately 70% of the world's lotteries at risk from 
>>Frank Groneman, a network-security engineer at Gtech Corp., a Rhode Island firm that provides high-tech services for approximately 70% of the world's lotteries, says that Security University courses gave him the hands-on experience that he was looking for. "I learn by doing," he says. "I can watch people put up slides all day, but it doesn't really sink in." Like many other firms with high-level security needs, Gtech encourages staffers to keep up to speed on the latest advancements -- or risks -- in the field. "We need to have absolute security," Groneman says. "One transaction could be worth $200 million to $300 million." <<
RSA Selected by GTECH Corporation to Provide Encryption ...
... Developers at GTECH Corp. used RSA’s BSAFE™ cryptography engine to build security
into the company’s PRO:SYS on-line lottery system. ... GTECH Corp. GTECH Corp. ...
 - 20k - Cached - Similar pages
Obsolete? "The most trusted name in e-security?" Surely some mistake! No.
Quantum Random Number Generator
Quantum Key Distribution
Single Photon Counting Module

@_date: 1999-04-30 17:10:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: PMS at the dept of defense. 
Defence system late - and $45m extra
By IAN McPHEDRAN
TAXPAYERS will pay an extra $45 million for a new defence computer system that is running three years late.
A contract for the so-called Personnel Management Key Solution Project - or PMKeyS - was signed in 1998 for $25 million, with a delivery date of late In what has become a pattern for defence contracts, the system is not only three years late, but will now cost $70 million.
PMKeyS will cover records of 100,000 military, civilian and reserve staff.
About $60 million has already been paid to the contractor, with another $10 million needed to complete the third of four scheduled phases.
The new system has also angered army personnel who claim they have lost their identity because regimental numbers have been removed from personnel The contract with the firm PeopleSoft provided an initial budget of $25 million and a completion date of late 2000.
PMKeyS is supposed to provide defence with a human resources management computer system replacing more than 20 purpose-built systems.
The civilian side of the system was up and running on time by late 1999.

@_date: 1999-04-30 17:16:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Rosepetaling joshua. 
A PERTH schoolboy's suggestion that rose petals be scattered on the streets of Manhattan to commemorate September 11 has reportedly been taken up.
Joshua Tan, 14, from the northern Perth suburb of Kallaroo, responded to a World Trade Centre website invitation to submit ideas on how to commemorate the anniversary, the Sunday Times reported today.
In his email the teenager suggested rose petals could be scattered in the streets to remember the victims and celebrate the victory of the spirit of the people, like in Roman times.
New York mayor Michael Bloomberg on Friday emailed back saying Joshua's suggestion would form a key part of the September 11 commemorations.
"I can't believe that I'm on the other side of the world and my idea has been taken on board," Joshua told the paper.
"I just had a feeling I wanted to do something and be part of it."
I had that feeling last year.Funny old world innit? Bloomberg probably smokes petals.

@_date: 1999-04-30 17:33:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Luv to Joshua. 
Linux users of Victoria and many other exciting online groups await your About NAMBLA
New and Noteworthy
Boys Speak Out
What People Are Saying
The Prisoner Program
What Can Science Tell Us?
Selected Readings
How old are you now J?You never write,call.

@_date: 1999-04-30 17:51:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "When are you comin' back jimmy bell" 
"E-bomb" may see first combat use in Iraq
17:45 08 August 02 NewScientist.com news service
Weapons designed to attack electronic systems and not people could see their first combat use in any military attack on Iraq.
It is widely believed that the US is planning for an attack that could overthrow Iraq's leader, Saddam Hussein, who it believes is developing weapons of mass destruction. The Iraqi president responded publicly for the first time on Thursday, exhorting Iraqis to be prepared "with all the force you can to face your enemies".
US intelligence reports indicate that key elements of the Iraqi war machine are located in heavily-fortified underground facilities or beneath civilian buildings such as hospitals. This means the role of non-lethal and precision weapons would be a critical factor in any conflict.
High Power Microwave (HPM) devices are designed to destroy electronic equipment in command, control, communications and computer targets and are available to the US military. They produce an electromagnetic field of such intensity that their effect can be far more devastating than a lighting strike.
Pumped flux
The effect exploited by HPM weapons was accidentally demonstrated in the 1950s when street lights in Hawaii were knocked out by the electromagnetic pulse produced by high altitude nuclear tests.
One unclassified approach to producing the required pulse is a device called an Explosive Pumped Flux Generator. In this a charged bank of capacitors energises a coil wrapped around a copper tube, which itself contains high explosives.
On detonation, the explosives expand the tube from the back and moves rapidly forward, forcing the tube to make progressive contact with the coil and causing a short circuit. This has the effect of crushing the magnetic field at the same time as reducing the coil's inductance.
The resultant spike lasts tens to hundreds of microseconds and can produce peak currents of tens of millions of Amps and peak energies of tens of millions of Joules. By comparison, a typical lighting strike produces around 30,000 Amps.
Single use
HPM weapons would be single-use and could be delivered on almost any a cruise missile or unmanned aircraft. Future devices are likely to be re-usable.
Military planners will be particularly interested in claimed ability of HPM weapon's to penetrate bunkers buried deep underground by using service pipes, cables or ducts to transmit the spike. Insulating equipment from such spikes, for example by using Faraday cages, is believed to be very difficult and expensive.
Another weapon that targets electronic equipment has already seen use in the Balkan conflicts of the 1990s. Blackout bombs, such as the formerly classified BLU-114/B, releases a spider's web of fine carbon filaments into the air above electrical distribution infrastructures. This causes short circuits when the filaments touch the ground.
Tomahawk cruise missiles fitted with warheads operating on similar lines attacked the Iraqi power grid during the 1990 Gulf war.
David Windle

@_date: 1999-04-30 18:23:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Peoples daily golden tax. 
Golden Tax Project Operational in Four Cities and Five Provinces
The State Council has decided that as of January 1, the authentication, auditing and checking information management systems, as an important component of China's Golden Tax Project, were the first to be launched in four cities and five provinces (Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Chongqing municipalities; and Liaoning, Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Guangdong provinces) on January 1, 2001.
These systems will also be put into operation in 22 other provinces beginning from July 1,2001. By then, the auditing and checking systems will cover tax authorities at all levels nationwide through the Internet, and a nationwide value-added tax (VAT) monitoring system will be established across the country.
It is reported that the Golden Tax Project, established in line with the idea of "science and technology plus management" according to the instructions of State Council leaders and in light of China's present economic situation, is a VAT monitoring management system with Chinese characteristics....By the end of 2002, China will have introduced the anti-counterfeit and invoice-related tax control system to ordinary value-added tax payers.
Sources say that the completion of the project on time and up to required quality will play a significant role in preventing, checking and prosecuting tax evasion and fraud activities carried out by making use of the special value-added-tax invoices, and reducing losses of tax money; it is also of importance to supervising and controlling the taxpayers' activities of production and operation and change of their tax funds;
Network reduces false invoices
Xinhua | ¡¡¡¡BEIJING, Aug. 11 (Xinhuanet) -- The "Golden Tax" computerized tax network helped cut the numbe...
Why do these sites take so fucking long to load peter? PETER?

@_date: 1999-04-30 18:49:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Diracs Sea. 
Honigs 'ether'...>>The standard model is totally unable to explain mass without the higgs
boson.Theres a hitch finding this 'god'
particle according to new scientist,dec 8.01.Im unclear as to the
difference between "ether" (honig) and a 'higgs field'(NS article) <<
 >>Quantum mechanics based on heisenbergs uncertainty principal is under
attack.The two slit experiment has another explanation that even revives
According to electrical engineering professor,bill honig.
The theory feynman was sure no one quite understood and einstein mistrusted
may be about to be superceded with potential to crack crypto's,holy
grail,Quantum encryption.<<
(Before IdQuantique caught up with the pentagon.)
 >>Quantum mechanics is 75 years young and the cornerstone of the modern
scientific world view.But it has its dissidents.
Bill honig's an internationally recognized inventor,journal editor and long
time academic at curtin university.A skeptical inquirer whose doubts about
the orthodoxy are caused by logic.
His rebellion took shape as a  teen  prodigy at a brooklyn high
school,asking too many questions about quantum mechanics.He went into
electrical engineering and rose high in military research.Then in
mid-career,while working on nuclear weapons he had a change of
heart.Looking in an atlas for a new home that might be safe and peaceful
and passing over iceland he settled on perth.WA.au.
Believing we can and must describe the fundamental particles of matter as
they really are there and not blurs of probability is carrying on einsteins
fight.In this old/new picture of the subatomic world,the basic particles
are spinning,electromagnetically
charged droplets;as they change speed they cast off expanding
"photexes"that are compared with smoke rings,rippling outward.Space is an
ether made up of two oppositely charged fluids.
END extract.more at...   Honig has picked up
and carried forward work by paul dirac.<<
Archive mining,"You call this archeology!"

@_date: 1999-04-30 19:00:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The US ally that will sever your motherfucking head off. 
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia has executed an Indian man for smuggling heroin and flogged 12 teenage boys in public for harassing women, Saudi media reported on Sunday.
The youths were given 15 lashes each for "flirting and bothering families" at a park designated for families in the conservative Muslim kingdom, al-Eqtisadiah newspaper said.
Police flogged the youths immediately after catching them in the park in the resort of Taif. The boys had entered the enclosure by scaling the walls.
Saudi Arabia's strict implementation of Islamic sharia law bans unrelated men and women from mixing before marriage. The paper did not make clear when the floggings happened.
In a separate case an Indian man was beheaded on Sunday for smuggling an unspecified amount of heroin into the kingdom, the official Saudi Press Agency said.
The execution in the eastern Khobar province raised to at least 27 the number of people put to death in the Gulf Arab state this year.
Drug smugglers, murderers and rapists are usually executed by public beheading. At least 75 people were executed in the country last year and 121 in 2000.
Other punishments in the kingdom include stoning for adultery and flogging for relatively minor crimes including alcohol consumption.
On the bright side at least some of them go in for fucking camels.

@_date: 1999-04-30 19:11:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dacoits that leave law enforcement in the dust. 
• 'If the police kills two of his men, Veerappan kills four policemen'
Aliases: Bob Randolph, Robert Randolph, Bob Rudolph, Eric Rudolph and Eric R. Rudolph
Marc Rich is a fugitive from justice and a tax cheat who renounced his citizenship and fled the United States. Moreover, he traded with the Iranian government while it was holding American hostages.
"We have always been at war with Oceania bin laden."

@_date: 1999-04-30 19:18:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Diffie,Ellison,Dell will be held accountable.I PROMIS you. 
The rush to the security pork is only eclipsed by the ratfuckers attempts on penguins
Sun casts long shadow before major Linux gathering
REUTERS [ SUNDAY, AUGUST 11, 2002 3:20:34 AM ]
SAN FRANCISCO: Is there a wolf in penguin's clothing? That is the theme of a spirited discussion among supporters of the Linux operating system, a freely available piece of basic software with a penguin mascot.
The wolf potentially lurking just outside the door, some Linux-boosters say, is Sun Microsystems Inc., the high-end computer maker, which is expected to unveil its first general-purpose, low-end Linux machine, and its own version of Linux, on the eve of a major convention for the cooperatively developed software.
Linux, which will be debated and celebrated at the Linuxworld exposition in San Francisco Aug. 13-15, must prove itself in the rarefied world of running crucial corporate applications, like huge databases, analysts said.
Linux is a new version of Unix, the mainstay corporate operating system, though it does not yet have the reliability and power of older Unix systems, analysts say.
"Linux and Unix combined are competing with Microsoft," whose Windows program is graduating from personal computers to powerful servers and which offers its own, mostly-Microsoft view of the world, dubbed .Net," said Pierre Fricke, an analyst at research firm D.H. Browne.
Sun also remains one of Microsoft Corp.'s biggest rivals, and its latest move has been blasted in advance by competitors.
"They are trying to control something which inherently isn't designed for that sort of control point,"

@_date: 1999-04-30 20:00:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Old Yeller. 
"...Clustering technology is designed to help companies leverage the power of interconnected computers by letting them serve as a single processing unit. The technology promises more powerful applications that provide a scalable, low-cost alternative to high-end, centralized servers, such as those sold by IBM.
"The key is the clusters, because high-end computing is the focus of our company," said Staats. "Linux is the ideal operating system for the clustering environment."
Growing Interest
With major players like Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) and IBM (NYSE: IBM) looking at clustering technologies, Terra Soft is positioned for growth, especially because the Xserve has been well-received in the technical community.
Staats said after three years of making Linux available for Apple computers, things are finally beginning to fall into place for Terra Soft.
"There are now a large number of third-party solutions and products and vendors and service providers and clients that are jumping on the Yellow Dog [Linux] boat," said Staats.
All About Science
Terra Soft recently shipped version 2.3 of Yellow Dog Linux. The newest version offers the KDE desktop, which provides features like graphical user interface "translucency."
Oh and "Now and then, for no good reason, life will haul off and knock a man flat," the father consoles his son. The 1957 Disney movie OLD YELLER is like that. For most of the film, it is a light hearted slice of life with scenes reminiscent of the old Disney nature documentaries. Toward the end, the movie takes a sharp turn, transforming it into a tragedy.
For bill Gates I hope.

@_date: 1999-04-30 20:15:21
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The RANT corporation 
CATO sure has some flakes but a la rouchian in the RAND! Quelle fromage!
""I would be hesitant to give too much credit to this recent briefing. It is very significant that the president, secretary of state and defense secretary have stated that this person's individual 'musings' did not reflect US policy. It is also important to point out that the Rand Corporation has also stated that this person's opinion did not represent their thinking".
Ambassador to Saudi Arabia,Jordan.
"Investors should also feel secure in the president's firm statements that top executives of companies that violate the law will be prosecuted, tried and if convicted could go to jail."
Like his pappy threatened to throw all those silverado type shysters inside,"read my lips!"
"On 9/11 we will remember the solidarity of the Saudi people..."
No smart assed comment.I am having some sort of seizure...

@_date: 1999-04-30 20:35:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: You can brush my hair, undress me everywhere. 
Life in plastic, it's fantastic,legal fight to protect parody and commentary on the pop culture that shapes our society. Marketers can't be allowed to pre-empt the marketplace of ideas.
Mattel Vs Aqua,parties advised to "chill."Here come de judge!
Drop out,Tune out,Turn off...the new leary,GWB.
Bush to Welfare Recipients: Drop Out of School.
Lost in the flood of big news stories--Iraq, the financial scandal, Israel and Palestine, fast track--was a little gem from George W. on the subject of welfare reform.
Speaking in Charleston, South Carolina, on July 29, Bush castigated Senate Democrats for trying to take some of the nastier edges off of his welfare bill.
"Under the way they're kind of writing it right now, out of the Senate Finance Committee, some people could spend their entire five years--there's a five-year work requirement--on welfare, going to college," Bush said to applause. "Now, that's not my view of helping people become independent. And it's certainly not my view of understanding the importance of work and helping people achieve the dignity necessary so they can live a free life, free from government control."

@_date: 1999-04-30 20:45:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Nepal,Aceh and Columbia collateral damage in War on Terra. 
Just as the heavy handed Cold war led to incredible mass murder,torture,corruption and repression so goes the latest war on a tactic,this time,not even an ideology.
The provision on "classified activities" is especially troubling because it permits "projects not otherwise authorized by law," in other words, covert This latest round of military aid has made one thing clear: the U.S. military has found a new excuse to extend its reach around the globe, arming regimes that had previously been blacklisted for human rights abuses, weapons proliferation, or brutal conflict.

@_date: 1999-04-30 20:59:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Nations Horoscope. 
Remember Nancies astrologer?
During the(balkan) war years the programme "Milja's Horoscope" was amongst the most popular programmes on Serbia's third channel, which normally offered light entertainment. Milja, a somewhat dishevelled actress, pronounced herself to be an astrologer, telling the nation's fortune.
When the international community announced harsher measures against Miloševic's regime, she informed her viewers that a "cosmic boomerang" would strike back at the enemies of Serbia.

@_date: 1999-04-30 21:12:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Keyser Soze in Hungary 
"Legalised corruption in the Communist days pervaded even the middle and lower echelons of our society in the form of wage calculations based on the expectation that practitioners of certain professions would be able to top up their scanty earnings through tips. This was true of everyone from taxi drivers, through petrol pump operators to doctors (though the tips there have a grander sounding name, paraszolvencia or hálapénz, translating literally as "gratitude money").
Under Kádár, a political position was a means of lining one's pockets, of living the good life. Party lackeys were an elite, a caste unto themselves and had many traits in common with today's mafia in the way they went about their business of bleeding the state dry in creating a conspiratorial, secretive world where everyone who counts knows everyone else."
"Never in the brief history of post-Communist democracy has the work of a parliamentary committee attracted such a great deal of attention or triggered such an outcry. Part of the fascination with Hungary's Oil Committee lies not just with the general human preoccupation with the seamier side of existence, the larger than life characters we have become so accustomed to from the pages of countless detective novels—and with a series of unexplained deaths, mafia retaliation hits and bombings, the oil scandals have all the essential ingredients of any paperback thriller..."

@_date: 1999-04-30 21:37:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Towels tax deduction. 
The Taliban's Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice has been out of work since being so rudely interrupted by the infidel last fall. The MO worries that having these guys just sitting around might be a case of idle hands becoming the Great Satan's workshop - remember what happened with all those T-men after they repealed prohibition? So to prevent the Committee from turning into a bunch of nuevo-federal narcs who'll terrorize us all for decades, the MO suggests the Committee be put to work reviewing pornos and adding appropriate sound effects per Islamic law. Ludicrous dialog could have a laugh track added, just like in Chica Boom  The depiction of adultery could have the sound of stones falling on flesh; public nudity would have the sounds of lashing, all with suitable scrams and cries. You get the idea.
And in certain special cases, like Hershel Savage doing one of his disgusting stepfather routines, you would have the sound of a firing squad. Anything by Max H. would of course be drowned out by sounds of the urination of 1000 fat lesbians. Truly, the possibilities are endless. The MO offers to bring all the members of the idle Committee to his bunker in Quatar, set up editing bays, and put them to work in exchange for a modest federal grant. Surely this is preferable to a bunch of towel-headed dildos sitting around looking for work.
Site also seeks well hung asians if thats not an oxymoron.There has to be some legal asian hardwood out there somewhere.Get yer wood on!
Lets not forget big Jim,tax rebel par exellence..Like most guests of the state penal system,JB is working in prison for what amounts to slave wages and has "virtually no money for toothpaste, magazines, socks, snacks,(well,maybe thats good.) writing paper and stamps." None of these items are allowed inside the facility from the outside world but JB can purchase them from the prison canteen.

@_date: 1999-04-30 21:51:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Critical mass;way to go.Blocking up roads is a lot of fun. 
Critical Mass met up on London's South Bank for a climate change bike ride round the city centre. We were going to stop at five evil companies around the capital to give them an award for fucking up our planet. Our first stop was the International Finance Corporation, which is part of the World Bank. It's right next to the Houses of Parliament - coincidence or what? We made some noise outside, handed out leaflets and gave them the award. Next we cruised off round Parliament Square. The 'Countryside Alliance' had a stall there, and I gave them a couple of shouts of 'get a job'. Then it was up Whitehall, through Trafalgar Square and on to the National Portrait Gallery, which is sponsored by BP. Next we moved off to Enterprise IG in Soho. These are the people responsible for BP's Helios awards, the in-house awards given to BP employees who do a good job of making the company look green and nice. We got a baffled response from the company's workers. They had to be told by their boss to get back inside and close all the windows (in case we bit?). We were on our way to Cromwell and Sullivan when some dude in a BMW ran over one of the guys on a bike. Luckily he wasn't hurt, even though the car had gone over his back wheel. The guy in the car looked like he was gonna shit himself when thirty bikers pulled up around him. He called the cops, who soon came and pestered everyone. Last of all, we went to the BP Head Offices in Finsbury Circus. Here the cops were waiting for us. British Transport Police had a dog unit and meat wagon ready. The security people from BP were also waiting, even though we'd no intention of raiding the place. The Azerbaijan PR man Ð sorry, 'Community Relations' officer - came out to talk to us (the demo was mainly about BP's proposed Azerbaijan pipeline). Eventually, everyone except from a couple of the hardcore went off to the London Activist Resource Centre (LARC) in Whitechapel. The hardcore stayed to play with the cops and nearly got stopped for cycling the wrong way round a roundabout. It was a nice protest - Critical Mass is so fucking empowering, I recommend everyone to try it. Blocking up roads with a load of bikes, making noise and just cruising around London  Rkn Anarchist Youth Network

@_date: 1999-04-30 21:57:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: In Thrall.Utima Thule? 
anarchist magazine from Aotearoa/New Zealand. We apologise for the delay in getting this issue up on the web.
visit Contents include:
- People's Global Action - We are Everywhere even Aotearoa. An important international decentralised anti-capitalist network that has a branch right here in Aotearoa.
(Note: Since we published no.23, it has been announced there will be a PGA Aotearoa nationwide conference in November 9-10 in Wellington this year. This will most probably be the biggest gathering of direct action, anti-capitalist groups in Aotearoa for some time).
- People's Global Action - Analysis: A New International?
- Direct Action versus the Wellington inner city bypass. A brief documentation of working class community resistance.
- Wildcat strikes in Aotearoa
- Mayday reports from around Aotearoa
- Anarchy in the R.K. part two - a look at anarchism in South Korea from 1961 to the present day by a NZer who visited Korea
- Auckland housing occupation
- Anti-war, anti-Israeli state protests in Aotearoa
- The true story behind the mayday anti-capitalist invasion of Wellington
and some international news we couldn't squeeze into the printed issue of thrall specially for our website readers:
- Sydney Mayday report
- London Mayday report
The Thrall website has also been substantially updated to include new links to texts, radical history, and analysis people may be interested in.
If you are overseas and wish to receive the printed version of Thrall, you can subscribe if you send us a donation to the address below. Send us well-concealed cash (Aus $, US$ etc.). We appreciate donations as well, as we distribute our magazine for free.
Cheers, Fydd for the Thrall collective.
PO Box 22-076
AOTEAROA/NEW ZEALAND
e-mail: thrallnet at yahoo.com
website: " target=_blank
or ... Ultima Thule The highest or uttermost point or degree attained or attainable, the
acme, limit; the lowest limit, the nadir. The most distant unknown land. ...

@_date: 1999-04-30 22:01:08
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Women shot dead. 
Apparently buoyed by the earlier success in the take over of oil facilities, Itsekiri women yesterday in Warri marched against three multinational oil companies namely Shell, Chevron and Texaco, disrupting their operations.
At least one woman was shot dead in the scuttle that ensued between the protesters and security operatives drafted to ward off the women from advancing beyond the gates of Shell main office, situated opposite the Federal Government College, Warri.
The women protest coincided with the commencement of the strike by the Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) branch of the Nigerian Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) in response to the lock-out of some members of the union by Shell management.
But the women, who sealed off the gates to the operational bases of the three oil companies simultaneously, said their action was to demand for scholarships and jobs for their children and wards, micro credit schemes for the women and the aged as well as the immediate end to gas flares, acid rains, oil spillage and other forms of environmental degradation plaguing their communities.
Hows yer SUV goin' sport?

@_date: 1999-04-30 22:42:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Seth on TCPA at Defcon/Usenix 
PALladium by stealth:This is why CJ deserves a freaking medal for telling william Gates Esq where to step off.Has anyone in fUcking americaStAn heard of the WISDOM of INSECURITY,by allan Watts?
 >> at wasabisystems.com/msg02134.html This scenario of word processor vendors denying people access to their own documents until they do something to benefit the vendor is not just "plausible" -- it's happening here and now. John <<
Lots of heavy shit is happening,"here and now,"Get out of Dodge.

@_date: 1999-04-30 22:58:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: On analaliens and enema's 
Gay Jewelry by Ponce,Gay & Lesbian Jewelry specializing in ...
... FOR OUR COMPLETE FREE BROCHURE, PLEASE CALL 1-800-969-RING or Jewelry By Ponce ... Hosted and designed by Gem of the Net. Jewelry By Ponce.
Description: Offers pride jewelry, keyrings, and watches, including items for the bear, bisexual, and leather communit...
Category: Shopping > Niche > Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual > Jewelry
 - 19k - Cached - Similar pages
See your own responce, think about it this time. -- ____________________________________________________________________ Conform and be dull......J. Frank Dobie ravage at ssz.com  jchoate at open-forge.org  Conform and be dull-Mmm.Dont ask don't tell seems advisable at this point.

@_date: 1999-04-30 23:22:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: On the outright laughability of "Internet Bearer Underwriting"  
Without Mongo(who's buying some second hand couches in porn valley,btwSEE chowderHETT has worked up some head of steam.
 >>In short, sir, please to fuck off, until you actually know what > you're talking about. <
Now hett if that was to happen this list would completely clam up.If fisherpersons knew what they were doing where would the outer banks be today? The Black sea?See?
When your IBU get's up then you can pay someone to get us to fuck off.(to the trust territories?)
I want your IBU to get up.don't get me wrong,no one more than me wants to see anonymous e-cash in wide (and APster) use.You and Mongo are high on my personal hitlist if for no other reason than being insufferable terminal and crashing bores.
If anyone fucks with Jims encrypted election donation's scheme,they know what'll happen.Messing with the international vote,(if we ever need one.)will be the equivalent of suicide.IBU requires APster...and remailers/mints/cryptoanarchy.Wake up.

@_date: 1999-03-16 02:32:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: War on terra 
Escaped mental patient matt taylor aka professor rat has been charged with threats to kill (2) and using a device to menace(2)Charges worth up to 10 years.
Taylor has made no admissions and is scornful of evidence presented so far.(copies of webpages(1) and timestamped e-mail copy made 2 hours after (!)a  BBS post/death threat.The computer dick claims to have 21 other 'e-mails'linking defendant to alleged threats.If they are as weak as the 2 presented in discovery then the entire case looks like a malicious persecution and/or abuse of process similar to harrassment of adult movie industry.Professor rat is confident of beating micky mouse charges and will carry on fighting for truth justice and the anarchistic way.

@_date: 1999-03-20 06:24:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bellworld. 
1841 -- Rain of fish, Boston, Massachusetts.
David Brin wins,lose's limbs,but wins debate with crabbed beancounter (fun) bobby hett.Why?Because Brinworld is essential to the success of operation soft drill.When sufficient 'net tourettes,'raise sufficient e-cash(2c)then they can kick back and watch on netcast the final minutes of Brin,'live.'The danny pearl video will have nothing on this.You may think this harsh but this jerk is running free while jim bell is in stir.With enemies like Brin and the libertarian Party the State doesnt need friends.PS.grab a dead tree new scientist,22 june for the cyberanarchy editorial and photo story on Havenco.Go Ryan!

@_date: 1999-03-29 18:31:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: RSA vunerability.DUMP RSA STOCK.SELL LIKE HELL! 
Bidzos bails and now this...Abstract: We present a theoretical model for breaking various cryptographic schemes by taking advantage of random hardware faults. We show how to attack certain implementations of RSA and Rabin signatures. An implementation of RSA based on the Chinese Remainder Theorem can be broken using a single erroneous signature. Other implementations can be broken using a larger number of erroneous signatures. We also analyze the vulnerability to hardware faults of two identification protocols: Fiat-Shamir and... (Update)
from

@_date: 1999-03-30 09:24:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: New FBI Moron 
...sorry Mormon.
New FBI man,darwin John...At the FBI, John will lead development of IT strategies and work with the Laboratory, Criminal Justice Information Services and Information Resources divisions, which handle forensic technologies, law enforcement services, and investigative and administrative support.
John brings a "demonstrated capability to achieve broad-based results in an area critical to the FBI's success, particularly at a time when the bureau is modernizing its information technologies--while reorganizing and re-engineering--and undergoing unprecedented change in its investigative mission and priorities," Mueller said in a statement.
John formerly served as managing director of information and communications systems for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City, where he oversaw the creation of the Family Search site. The Web site, launched in 1999, links people to a database of 900 million names and averages 7 to 8 million hits per day.
"If there was a god it would be necessary to destroy it." --- Mikhail Bakunin

@_date: 1999-03-30 17:17:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Simply jimmyd on tim may 
SJD Editorial Note: Although Mr. Clark refrained from calling Mr. D'ull an asshole, it is plainly evident that had he done so, he most likely would NOT have labeled Mr. D'ull a "run-of-the-mill asshole." Mr. Clark most likely would have referred to Mr. D'ull as a "quintessential piece of thieving porn shit asshole," or possibly a "shameless bottom-feeding rip-off artist asshole."
It is the opinion of this website that the two, specific types of assholes that Mr. Clark most likely would have described Mr. D'ull as being would be preferable than the non-specific "run-of-the-mill asshole" the Chief Reporter of this news site has recently been labeled.
If you'd like more information on assholes, please read the editorial that immediately precedes this story.
jimmyd _writes "I received an email from David Aaron Clark today. He felt he needed to comment on the "Dave Hardman Goes Berserk" story.
David Aaron Clark alleges, "There are obviously huge gaps in this story. Mark D'ull, the owner of Best Parts Video, is a shameless bottom-feeding rip-off artist who doubtless was not paying Cathy her money. He's John T. Bone's former salesman, and he has ripped me off on two titles -- one of which he simply didn't pay me for, the other of which I never sold him -- my original "Asianatrix," which was released through Bowen's Cream (but never paid for -- he bounced the checks and made off with the master)."
As if that weren't enough, David continues to describe his dealings with "D'ull, since then, has counterfeited the release; he was selling it behind my back during the short time I was associated with Best Parts, doing Some graphics and a bondage tape for them. Would that Dave had really caused some damage, because D'ull is the quintessential piece of thieving porn shit who preys on the industry. Cathy West, on the other hand, has always been straight up -- and so, despite his personal travails, has Dave."
When I wrote yesterday's story, I believe I mentioned there might be more to it then what I was told. Readers should note there is no evidence that D'ull somehow mitigated Hardman's behavior. David Aaron Clark's alleged dealings with D'ull have--to my knowledge--nothing to do with David Hardman's alleged dealings with D'ull. David Aaron Clark's point-of-view in this matter, however, is newsworthy, and therefore we decided to publish it for our reader's interest.
The staff of this website would look forward to Mr. D'ull's rebuttal in these matters
SJD Editorial Note: Although Mr. Clark refrained from calling Mr. D'ull an asshole, it is plainly evident that had he done so, he most likely would NOT have labeled Mr. D'ull a "run-of-the-mill asshole." Mr. Clark most likely would have referred to Mr. D'ull as a "quintessential piece of thieving porn shit asshole," or possibly a "shameless bottom-feeding rip-off artist asshole."
It is the opinion of this website that the two, specific types of assholes that Mr. Clark most likely would have described Mr. D'ull as being would be preferable than the non-specific "run-of-the-mill asshole" the Chief Reporter of this news site has recently been labeled.
If you'd like more information on assholes, please read the editorial that immediately precedes this story.
jimmyd _writes "The other day I was called a 'run-of-the-mill asshole.' Normally, I have a sticks-and-stones attitude towards name-calling. But I must admit this really bothered me. It wasn't the 'asshole' part, but the other, the 'run-of-the-mill' part, that stung like a bee.
If you're going to be an asshole, or rather, be considered an asshole by others, your level of 'asshole-ness' should count for something. It should be asshole-specific. It should be the type and kind of asshole that would allow description, e.g., 'What a low-life, trailer park, white trash, degenerate lying asshole he is,' or 'What a backstabbing, fuck-his-own-Mother, prick of an asshole he is!'
I don't know about the rest of you, but if I'm going to be an asshole, I'd rather be a backstabbing, prick of an asshole, than a generic, vanilla, run-of-the-mill asshole. At least being a backstabbing prick of an asshole has some bite to it. And it partially explains (at least in simplistic, broad terms) what kind of an asshole the asshole is. It may not be very complimentary, but it is to-the-point. And when people hear it, they at least have some idea of what kind of an asshole they're dealing with, or what kind of an asshole they're being called. But the run-of-the-mill asshole? Everyone's clueless. They will simply think this person should be lumped in with a million others like him, you know, just your average asshole, which I guess is what this person was saying about me, and like I said, that hurt.
Not to mention the fact that in the porn biz, a business so jam-packed, so intensely populated with every kind of stinking asshole known to man and woman that it's busting at the seams with them, to be called a 'run-of-the-mill asshole' truly fucking sucks! It's bad enough I have to endure those three-and-a-half star reviews from AVN, but now I'm just a three-an-a-half star asshole? That sucks beyond belief!
Personally, in all my endeavors (asshole or otherwise), I've always tried to be something other than a Brand-X, plain-paper-wrapped, generic kind of guy. Most of the things I've pursued in my life have, at the very least, had the potential to stand out--to be remembered, to shine. I'm not saying I've always succeeded at these things, and if truth be known, I mostly have not. But at least in the design stages these endeavors included even more detailed plans to make the overall plan's outcome a memorable one.
In the case of being an asshole, and there have been more than a few times when I've diligently worked at being one, I've always, always, always tried to be both a complete asshole, and quite intentionally, a very specific kind of asshole: An asshole that stands for something, no matter how bad of an asshole that something might make me.
And now, I get this email--from someone I've known for more than a few years--and granted this someone is pissed at me for something I'm not going to get into, and in his anger, calls me a 'run-of-the-mill asshole.' More specifically, saying I've become a 'run-of-the-mill asshole,' which means that it's been an evolutionary kind of thing. And by doing so, he does not even give me credit for being any kind of special asshole. Well, like I said, that hurt.
But I promise this, not just to you, the guy who's labeled me a 'run-of-the-mill asshole,' but I promise everyone from now on whenever I'm intent on being an asshole, I'm going to be a complete, total, and very specific kind of asshole!
My eyes are wide open now. I have seen the light of the great asshole spirit, and I vow to be the kind of asshole that other assholes will aspire to be.
I will be a premium, Grade-A, asshole!
And who knows? Maybe someday I'll be fortunate enough to become an uber

@_date: 1999-03-31 14:43:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Communist Cypherpunks in the State Department. 
Professor Rat, the libertarian socialist author, offered to provide a secret Foreign Office propaganda unit linked to the intelligence services with names of writers and cypherpunks he regarded as "crypto-communist" and "fellow-travellers" who could not be trusted, documents released yesterday at the Public Record Office reveal. "Jamesd" was a trotskyist for 6(!) years and is a well known subversive.
"james choate "has published Marxist screeds directly onto the Cypherpunk site.
"Tim May" supports paying peoples ISP bills and anti-trust legislation,both well known authoritarian socialist policies.He also frequents radical  areas even living near one.Has advocated violent revolution against democracy that he often and loudly professes to despise.A notorious national socialist."P.Trei".Possible homosexual british spy in league with May."Arbeit mach Trei" specializes in selling top secret cypher intel to the red Chinese.Uses a go-between with the code name "lucky Green"The paymaster of these dangerous extremists is one "robert Hettinger" from Boston.Seeks to flood the honest market with subversive and counterfeit currency.Only his manifest incompetence has saved the free world from massive attack.The plotters of this sinister cabal seek to place a feeble minded puppet,one "Bill Stewart" as head of their central committee with a shadowy sinister figure called "jya" handling propaganda.Are you now or have you ever been a cypherpunk?

@_date: 1999-03-31 17:36:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Its expensive,but its here. 
Quantum encryption for the filthy rich,thats not right.Sorry, I'm not actually living in the real world. My imagination tends to get the better of me...
"It's OK to tell people I'm crazy," . "You know I'm crazy, right?" "mentally ill" and an I.Q. of 70.favorite psychiatric ward at St. Vincent's hospital You know, people who have mongoloid babies don't love them any less."If I get pinched, all those years in the fucking asylum would be for "Quit fucking apologizing for filesharing. Intellectual property is evil, filesharing is freedom fighting, and the sooner Jack Valenti is bumming quarters for a living, the better. The question is not how to protect artists, it is how to muster enough force to protect the right to hack."
favourite slogans at the march included: "All of you - go!!"

@_date: 1999-05-01 00:18:33
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Its closes Mi5,gets PM's steamed and is a definite APster 
Once a year the Brits secret services shut down,the PM's of several commonwealth countries are distracted at various times and the people directly(and sometimes indirectly) involved are offered obscene amounts for their 'opinion' on such trivial matters as the lay of the land and/or the Some of the same people interested in such trivia may or may not have been caught betting on the whereabouts of the next religious atrocity.
WTF am I on about now?
How is that an APster precursor? Well JB himself saw AP,(as it was known then,circa 96) as,perhaps best instigated as a betting proposition.Now we have had spread betting on the various stock exchanges for years and various scandals and bank collapse's later,we might recognize APster as being so close now its not funny.
There may even have been a plane crash pool for Hansie.
Audit report reveals Hansie Cronje has huge assets - [23/07/2001 ...
... Sports. Audit report reveals Hansie Cronje has huge assets Vijay Dutt July 22 The sacked South African Hansie Cronje owned eight properties and ...
 - 30k - Cached - Similar Not that auditors are too be trusted.APster,it's not just cricket.

@_date: 1999-05-01 15:19:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Brian Regan,a scalp for the NSA? 
"Several countries abandoned Crypto AG but failed to ensure secrecy. The Libyans switched to Gretag units after the NSA cited secret communications to allege Libyan involvement in the 1986 La Belle disco bombing in West Berlin. One senior US official said the fact that the Libyans were making their codes more difficult to crack would "make our job tougher." But the NSA seemed to have the Gretag base covered as well. According to one knowledgeable cryptographic industry expert, NSA's program to co-opt the services of encryption manufactures probably extends to all those within reach of NSA operatives."
So how was Regan blown anyway?
If the fix wasn't in then TEMPEST/intercepts are another possibility or a defector/double agent.The least likely scenario?Possibly the one presented in court.

@_date: 1999-05-01 16:29:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Straight out of  CATO. 
>>I'm surprised the article didn't complain about John Young's efforts:<<
I'm surprised Mr McCatohead is surprised because he should know by now that cryptome is widely mirrored.If he didn't know that he would be an incompetent imbecile.
If he did know then he is only surprised about the articles seeming naivete and wanting to appear superior 'dobs jya in', or 'gives him a plug,' take your pick.As jya has described our man in CATO as a canary,the 1st possibility seems a safe bet.
Declan could be the death of cypherpunks but it'll be a marvelous book deal.

@_date: 1999-05-01 17:06:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Govt.claims ownership of all encrypted files seized. 
Speech Contents of RaiseTheFist.com
"...An interesting feature of the seizure procedure described in the search warrant, pointed out by John Young at Cryptome, is this wording:
iii. Any data that is encrypted and unreadable will not be returned unless law enforcement personnel have determined that the data is not (1) an instrumentality of the offense, (2) a fruit of the criminal activity, (3) contraband, (4) otherwise unlawfully possessed, or (5) evidence of the offense specified above..."
Encryption must be approaching ubiquity/banality with this from my TV guide for mon.12.au.
"24.US Thriller series.2am to 3am.
Jack verifies the key card was encrypted on Nina's computer...etc.

@_date: 1999-05-01 17:45:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: FOX Encryption 24-7. 
24-3am to 4am. Research files.Encryption.
"Encryption is a means by which a digital message can be coded so that only
the recipient with the proper'key'can decode and understand the message.
Encryption technology has ,in fact,gotten so good that its raised serious
concerns that messages will become unbreakable,thus putting all manner of
criminal activity-from child pornography to espionage to organized crime
communiques-beyond the ability of the Govt.to investigate.
To address these concerns a key recovery approach called KMI (key management
infrastructure) is being talked about in Washington.KMI is designed to allow
law enforcement to have access to encrypted on an International basis.
es (sic.jacks is?)a flatbed scanner in his car which works like a copy
Theres more...4am to 5,mentions CALEA.5 to 6-the presidents analyst.8to9,the SS.
9to10-wireless tracing.10-11- knives.(not 2-3.Mi5.4-5.Fibre optics.6-7.Power grids 3 way split.9-10.CTU-CIA.
Hate to feed anyones paranoia but a quick KMI search yields...
Applications and Operating Systems Consulting and Technical ...
KMI, a top Microsoft Certified Solution Provider Partner, is a consulting company that provides design and planning, implementation, and support of ...
Description: Back Office implementation and support services.
Category: Computers > Consultants > Microsoft
 - 15k - Cached - Similar pages

@_date: 1999-05-01 18:08:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Do you like jammin'? 
Employ a GPS jammer. Most U.S. jets, bombs and ships use the satellites for navigation and timing.
The squadron built one jammer small enough to fit in a cigarette pack. It had a weak signal and would have to be close to the antennae to work.
Another jammer, about 15 feet tall, could interrupt the signal from farther It was relatively easy to build. The airmen bought the plans online for $35. The amplifier came from an electronics store, the generator from a ham-radio operators convention. The rest - PVC pipe, copper tubing, wood supports and hardware - came from a home improvement store. The total cost was less than $9,000.
"This is not something cosmic," said Lt. Col. Rad Widman, who until recently commanded the squadron.
GPS jamming usually can be defeated by changing a channel frequency, but operators must realize they are being jammed, Widman said.
Next week-What traffic analysis tells,Wardriving

@_date: 1999-05-01 19:55:32
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The friends of declan mccullagh. 
Right-Wing Interactive: Investigating America's Right-Wing ...
... Association of Literary Scholars and Critics. Bradley Foundation. Cato ... National
Right to Work. * National Taxpayers Union. NewsMax.Com. Pacific Research Institute. ...
 - 16k - Cached - Similar pages

@_date: 1999-05-01 20:16:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Rum plan for global death squads. 
"...United States special forces may be sent to operate under cover throughout the world, under proposals being discussed by the Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, and senior military officers.
Mr Rumsfeld is anxious to expand the role of Special Operations..."
Battlefield prep.
"The plans could lead Special Operations units to get more deeply involved in long-term covert operations in countries where the US is not at war and, in some cases, where the local government is not informed of their presence.
This expansion of the military's involvement in clandestine activities could be justified, Pentagon officials said, by defining it as "preparation of the battlefield"
"(the plans)...may at some point conflict with the presidential ban on   "With a stealthy, mercurial adversary like al-Qaeda, which learnt quickly and adapted its tactics to the US response, the military had to be allowed to react just as quickly, a senior administration official said.
The head of the Special Operations Command, General Charles Holland, has briefed Mr Rumsfeld and a small group of senior Defence Department and military officers on initial proposals."
Assassination politics? Why should they have all the fun?
TATTOOED 'LEMON'
Hired killer refuses to murder
A Czech hired killer known as 'The Lemon' has turned himself in to police so he would not kill his latest target, an investigative journalist and her young son. He was paid about $11,600 to blow them up after she uncovered shady government property deals. more
Gay-hate murders 'done as sport'
By Ruth Pollard
August 13 2002
Many gay-hate murderers were exceptionally brutal, surprisingly young, and killed to support a society they believed approved of their actions, a report released yesterday says.
APster; reach out and kill someone.Everybodies doin' it.

@_date: 1999-05-01 20:23:07
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: How to torture a child. 
"...Israeli Attorney-General, Elyakim Rubinstein, was revealed to have been close at hand when soldiers beat a Palestinian child and two Palestinian men at the main Israeli checkpoint outside Ramallah last week."
Entire Island fingerprinted?
Morg,bucket and chinny cleared thank god.

@_date: 1999-05-01 21:02:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Delay Tolerant? Semantic? We can dream that for you wholesale! 
Right here at Cpunks-the data protection professionals.
"..."Part of what Tim is trying to do is open the Internet up to different forms of human communication that are much less constrained," ..."
Substitute 'J' for 'T'.
Jim for instance, is one of the sweetest human beings I've ever met. His essential good-heartedness has been embedded in the culture of the Internet."
Thats why ISP's want to ban IRC!
Good heartedness is undergoing violent attack,If you've yet to try this expect a satellite gap of about 1 second.(not to mention risking being declared a dacoit)
Do you believe in astroturf,PRI,CATO and countless other liars for money? Dont read this...
Humanity Loses $250 Billion a Year in Wild Habitat
Environment News Service.
Everyone is witless. Everyone is a journalist.

@_date: 1999-05-01 21:13:08
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Get yer grid on. 
"Cluster computing is about resources aggregation in a single administrative domain," he (Rajkumar Buyya) explains. "Grid computing in about resource sharing and aggregation across multiple domains."
I have no idea what that means,however ..."Having recently completed a doctoral thesis outlining the economic paradigm which might underpin such a system in the commercial environment, Buyya points to the Grid's scheduling capabilities as the most crucial difference between grid and cluster Oh and get your old MMflash off,soon,so I can get in.

@_date: 1999-05-01 21:29:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dishonore! 
Journalist imprisoned over articles in 1960s.
Reporters sans frontières today expressed its outrage over the imprisonment of former journalist Stefano Surace (photo), 69, for supposed press crimes committed more than 30 years ago.
The case is "doubly scandalous", Reporters Without Borders secretary-general Robert Ménard said in a letter to Italian President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. "To sentence journalists to imprisonment for press crimes is contrary to UN standards, but it is unworthy of a democratic country to jail an elderly man who has not been a journalist for years for crimes that should be subject to limitation by lapse of time and which would nowadays not even be the subject of prosecution," he said. "We call on you to intervene and pardon Stefano Surace so that he can be released", the letter added. "We also call for the removal of prison sentences for press crimes from Italian law, as recommended by the UN Commission on Human Rights and the UN Special Rapporteur on promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression."
Surace, who edited the nonconformist publication Le Ore during the 1960s, has been incarcerated since December 2001 in Opera prison near Milan, where he is serving a sentence of two years, six months and 12 days stemming from convictions for libel and obscenity handed down in 1963 and 1967. A resident of France for almost 40 years, he was arrested when he went to visit a friend in Italy.
He was known for his investigations into prison life and, while still a journalist, had founded an association of former detainees. He had ceased to work as a journalist before these convictions and had become a ju-jitsu

@_date: 1999-05-01 21:40:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Encryption is not the solution- CryptoS is the final solution. 
Encryption is not the solution article.Thread.
CryptoS;the social hack when only the best will do.
Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell."

@_date: 1999-05-01 21:49:04
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Collect through station T,pump defector(s) for 
The device features a 'RED s bus' allowing it to interface with any data equipment on the crypto input side without additional ISDN interfacing equipment. Data and voice calls can be made via the Red-S-Bus. Calls are established via the terminal equipment connected to the LECTOR Red-S-Bus. Generally, the user is not required to operate any of the LECTOR manual controls when making or receiving Red-S-Bus calls, Red-S-Bus calls require the use of a STK or SuperSTK and entry of a PIN.
The S-Bus standard (1.420) allows a LECTOR to have up to eight terminal equipments connected to the Red-S-Bus port. However, it is suggested that no more than four terminal equipments are connected to a LECTOR to reduce the possibility of terminal equipment access problems.
Click here for the .pdf datasheet (609kbytes)

@_date: 1999-05-01 22:12:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: HAL asked to speed up the delivery schedule. 
Designed for ‘‘hot and high conditions’’ Mmm."...third- generation anti-tank missile ‘Nag’ My wifes got that already.
Speaking of hot and high.Oregen burning,Smog cloud threw monsoon off course
  and driest July in 100 years.Is there a runaway green indahouse?
Thank all the gods for Chidanand Rajghatta muses about the Indian legacy in mathematics following the latest number crunching feat from Kanpur
On the subject of mathematics, there are two kinds of people – the number crunchers and the number crunchees i.e., those who can crunch numbers with great facility, and those who get crunched by numbers.
There are those of you who love to develop your quadriceps with quadratic equations and have binomial theorem for breakfast. Then there are those of us, who, faced with simple multiplication tables, have to lie down with a cold wet towel on our forehead.
Where do you think you belong?
There is a widespread belief that we Indians have a yen for numbers. It might not entirely be true. There are plenty of people even in Bharatvarsh who will subscribe to Bill Clinton’s jocular admonition that folks across the world would have been perfectly happy if Bhaskara and Brahmagupta had kept their works to themselves.
Still, in the same spirit that contrived the number zero and the value pi, it turns out that Indians are still contributing significantly to the world of numbers even now, odd exceptions notwithstanding.
The announcement this week that three mathematicians from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, have devised a method (or arrived as a algorithm , in mathematese) to determine whether a number is prime or not has created quite a flutter (or a quiet flutter) in the world of numbers.
Prime numbers, for those of us mathematically challenged, are those that are divisible only by itself or by one. Although it sounds simple enough, it’s quite a task to determine what mathematicians call the “primality” of a number. For instance, is 4958372640287988786544 a prime number?
Of course, the more facetious among us can say -- does it really matter? Apparently it does in ways that we may not immediately comprehend, like for instance, in determining whether the bristles on the toothbrush hurts our gums. That’s a joke. But you get the point.
Some applications are not immediately apparent to the matho-phobics. One of the applications of prime numbers is in the world of cryptography i.e encryption and code breaking, which may be evident if you read the secret passage hidden in the preceding paragraph. That’s another joke. Read on.
For years then, mathematicians have wrestled with ways to determine the primality of numbers. There are established methods, but they pose problems. One method can determine with absolute accuracy whether a number if prime or not, but it is a laborious process.
Another method can determine the primality of a number far more quickly, but with a small probability of error, leading to what Prof Krishnaswami Alladi, a leading US-based mathematician calls, “industrial grade prime What Messrs Manindra Agrawal, Neeraj Kayal and Nitin Saxena of the IIT Kanpur did was to arrive at a algorithm that helped determine the primality of a number accurately and quickly. But more of that later.
Prof Alladi is one of the legatees of India’s great tradition in the field of numbers that begins with Aryabhata and Brahmagupta. Currently Chairman of the Department of Maths at the University of Florida in Gainesville, he is an authority on the works of Ramanujan, and he edits a publication called The Ramanujam Journal that deals with the areas the great man worked in and influenced.
Prof Alladi’s grandfather was part of the group that gave India another remarkable document: the Indian Constitution.
Like Prof Alladi, several other illustrious mathematicians of Indian origin live in America, none more renowned than Prof Harish Chandra, who had a distinguished career at Princeton before his death in 1996. The current heads of the mathematics department at the University of Minnesota (Prof Naresh Jain) and McGill University (Prof K.N.Gowrisankaran) are also Indians, and there are numerous others crunching away quietly in other groves of academia.
But what the latest feat illustrates is that you don’t have to be in America to hit the bull’s eye. Having devised their primality test, the three Indians put their algorithm up on the IIT Kanpur website and e-mailed last Sunday it to well-known mathematicians across the world. Among the recipients of this e-mail was Prof Carl Pomerance at Bell Labs, an authority on prime numbers.
No sooner had he seen the algorithm , Prof Pomerance discussed the draft with colleagues over lunch, and arranged an impromptu seminar on the subject the same afternoon. Within hours, the gathering validated the algorithm . “We were all quite excited about it,” Prof Pomerance told this correspondent in an interview on Thursday. “They had solved the problem quite elegantly and arrived at beautiful result.”
The remarks were typical of math aficionados, who see beauty and elegance in numbers and equations that we number “crunchees” see in words and phrases.
Mathematicians can also be delightfully quirky. We of course know the famous episode how Ramanujan, receiving Prof Hardy by his hospital bed, startled him by analysing impromptu the properties of his taxi cab number.
Prof Pomerance is a mathematician in the same vein. One of his papers, published in the Journal of Recreational Mathematics, revolves around the interesting properties of the numbers 714 and 715, which was the number of home runs scored by Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron respectively.
But to return to the story, there are two striking aspects to the IIT-ians prime numbers saga. One is how quickly the algorithm was shared across the world and validated by peers, thanks to the Internet. (Ironically, the so-called primality testing plays a crucial role in the widely used RSA algorithm, which is used to secure transactions over the Internet).
In fact, attending Prof Pomerance seminar on Monday was Anupam Gupta, a computer scientist at Bell Labs who happens to work just down the corridor from the mathematician. Gupta is also from IIT-Kanpur, but he did not know the prime numbers trio. What he did recognise was the beauty of their algorithm . “It was so simple and elegant that even I, more a computer scientist than a mathematician, could understand and appreciate it,” he said.
The second aspect of course is the longevity of the Indian legacy. Whether in India or in the United States, our mathematical bequest is alive and ticking (or clicking), and thanks to the Internet, the boundaries are even fewer than when Ramanujan shared his genius with the west.
So now we know and can rest assured: Some day, there will be a paper on the properties of Tendulkar’s final tally. India still has the number on math.

@_date: 1999-05-01 22:22:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Free trade and fucking US liArs. 
The business of America is none of your business?The United States government is terrified of the growing movement for global justice. It's not just in this country, it's all over the world. They are shown as the gutless, mean-spirited, utterly self-centred and cruel characters that they really are.
FUCK you BUSHY! KILL the MAJOR LEAGUE ASSHOLE! (my 2$us)

@_date: 1999-05-01 22:42:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "I said you could BORROW my ID!" 
"...One defendant allegedly found and killed a homeless man so he could fake his own death and avoid prosecution "FROM
A bankrobber in au hired a man for 'isolated' and 'lengthy' employment in the outback that ended the same way a couple of years ago.CJ may have been trying to kill bill gates so as to steal his ID.FREE AA!
APster; reach out and kill someone.(but don't steal their ID)

@_date: 1999-05-01 23:03:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Psychiatric Precog Police. 
Stories like this drive me nuts while swine like Peter Trei ponce around here like 'liberals' or some-fucking-thing.Shopping CJ,while quoting Brecht and working for a venial bunch of sino salesmen+ponzie crypto failures.RSA.TREI,go DIE!
"...In a 298-page report, "Dangerous Minds: Political Psychiatry in China Today and its Origins in the Mao Era," Human Rights Watch and the Geneva Initiative on Psychiatry, a Netherlands-based international foundation, compare the treatment of dissidents in mental asylums to similar abuses in the former Soviet Union..."

@_date: 1999-05-01 23:09:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 10 years after. 
1992 -- Anarchist, composer & musician John Cage dies,
New York City.
"I have nothing to say /
and I am saying it / and
that is poetry / as I
needed it"
---John Cage

@_date: 1999-05-01 23:20:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The United States has allied itself closely with Uzbekistan.  
"...the body of Muzafar Avazov, a 35-year old father of four, showed signs of burns on the legs, buttocks, lower back and arms. Sixty to seventy percent of the body was burnt, according to official sources. Doctors who saw the body reported that such burns could only have been caused by immersing Avazov in boiling water. Those who saw the body also reported that there was a large, bloody wound on the back of the head, heavy bruising on the forehead and side of the neck, and that his hands had no There was a CHEKA torturer once who collected 'gloves' from boiling his victims hands."The United States has allied itself closely with Uzbekistan in the war against terrorism."
Dont forget as s-11 aproaches,if you are an american and pay taxes,you are

@_date: 1999-05-01 23:32:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: North Pole News. 
Gene: Wow. Those darn homos. Ever since I wrote my little commentary on Peter "Matt Ramsey" North's idiotic denials of appearing and performing in hard-core gay videos when the tapes are still available to be seen, I've been getting weird phone calls at the office and have even had a couple of e-mails which, had I opened them, would have unleashed viruses. Man, shine a light on the obvious and all heck breaks loose. Heaven forbid that someone points out the truth. I'm real sorry that the closeted (and not-so-closeted) homos' hero, the, uh, "flamboyant" Mr. Ramsey, has disappointed his fans, but maybe they had better take that up with him and not me. However I can understand the frustration they must feel at
not being able to vent to Poppin' Pete himself. He's a busy gay...oops, GUY. After all, it must take up a great deal of time turning down all those $30,000 offers for just one more scene...or trying to come up with plausible explanations as to how he ended up in all those gay videos in the first place when he never did stuff like that because, as all who know him will attest, he's "straight." Might I suggest the following: abduction by space aliens who then forced him into gay porn and later erased all memory of the events? Maybe he was somnambulistic and did all those movies in a state of sleepwalking? Maybe, just maybe,
Mr. Ramsey doesn't mind having his back 40 plowed like last fall's corn crop? (For the record, when we did interviews with him for HEVG over the years, it was North's usual tactic when the subject of gay videos arose to first deny any and all involvement. When confronted with video titles and the like, he would suggest that, while he may have made an
appearance here and there, he just did things like "self masturbation" and, because he was so gosh-darn special but would refuse to go any further, the "gays" created this myth of him doing all this stuff he would never consider doing because, as everybody knows, he "likes girls." When the interviewer would mention that he or she had actually seen one of the Ramsey titles, Peter would then start with his thoroughly entertaining stories of how he desperately needed money for any of several reasons--the usual being that he owed large sums to "dangerous people" and they "forced" him into performing gay sex. Of
course, he would always add that it was a credit to "acting" ability that he was able to maintain wood and "complete" the scene with his well-known "money shots." Very humorous stuff to hear, really, and I think, when I have the time I'll go back through old issues and get all his quotes verbatim. Guaranteed to make you laugh until ou can't stand up. Until then, though, will all you guys who have lived vicariously through the Liberace of XXX and didn't like it when the facts were revealed, please go bother Mr. Ramsey-North and leave me out of it. Thanks in advance.
Who gives a fudge? I just saw PN in an old VHS I've had for donkeys,"BUTT,Darling," and the guy gets things all right and up tight with ebony goddess Jeanie Pepper.
Let he who has even equaled a North pole money shot cast the first jizz.pr.

@_date: 1999-05-01 23:40:49
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Imagine theres a girlfriend,imagine theres a job." 
"Good times?,good god."
A - I N F O S N E W S S E R V I C E  ________________________________________________ 'Aspects of Anarchism', a new collection of articles by the Anarchist Federation is now online at:  Aspects vary from Federalism, Green Politics, Internationalism, Direct Action, Solidarity, Organisation, Human Nature, Exploitation, Work, Leadership, Patriarchy, Racism, Crime and Punishment and Class Consciousness.   "I'm wicked and I'm lazy." Tell me if theres anything there.

@_date: 1999-05-01 23:56:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: You rotten scum. 
How dare you?
...and don't get me started on guns.
The International Longshore and Warehouse Union (ILWU), long a defender of human rights, is in an historic battle with the Pacific Maritime Association (PMA). The PMA bosses are trying to slash hard won health benefits and break the union. [...]
In au,since the defeat of a union(MUA) in a major struggle,'ships of shame' have been running into our priceless coasts and reefs.Its only a matter of time before we have an exxon valdisaster downunder.The whole worlds losing.
I'm going DD'ing.

@_date: 1999-05-02 00:07:08
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bushitlers east coast.State of siege. 
Bork Still In Hospital
by Vickie 10:47pm Sun Aug 11 '02 (Modified on 3:01pm Mon Aug 12 '02)
MAYDAY DC Activist still in hospital
Bork suffered an asthma attack yesterday while in custody of US Marshals. She was arrested Friday morning during the MAYDAY DC action at Franklin School. Her asthma attack was most likely triggered by chemicals used to clean cells. (Her asthma problem was originally caused by the sadistic Philadelphia Police when she was sprayed a large quantity of pepper spray straight in the mouth during the RNK2000 protest. She’s been suffering respiratory problems ever since.) She was rushed to Howard University Hospital after her release – sometime around 3:00 PM yesterday. She was treated in the emergency room and looked OK in the evening. However today her condition deteriorated. She is visibly in pain, very pale, and will spend a second night in the hospital. She’s also quite irritable (ask Earthworm)! The phone number in her room is 202-865-5420.
SS at work
The disappeared...

@_date: 1999-05-02 00:10:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cough up SUCKA! 
""They Owe Us": Slavery Reparations Sought
by Indypendent Staff 11:51pm Mon Aug 5 '02 (Modified on 11:41am Tue Aug 6 '02)
 From the August Issue of the Indypendent
If a capitol is meant to reflect the rest of the nation, Washington D.C. reflects more then just pools. The construction of the White House and the Capitol building contained not only Roman designs and impressive rotundas; it was partly built by slave labor. Out of the 650 workers who built the U.S. Capitol, 450 were slaves. These slaves, of course, received nothing for their labor. Their descendents and others are coming to Washington on Aug. 17 to change that."

@_date: 1999-05-02 12:21:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Chrissies been working for the drug squad. 
Its Damaging;police chief.by andrew Webster.
Public confidence in the Victorian police was being damaged by continuing
allegations of corruption in the force,Chief Commissioner Christine Nixon
said yesterday.(sat)
Confirming reports that ongoing investigations into the drug squad had
spread to suburban and regional stations,Ms Nixon said increased resources
were being deployed to try and bring them to a rapid conclusion.
The Commissioner said investigators were looking at individuals who had
previously worked for the drug squad and had moved to other parts of the
Victoria police,some of whom had left the force.
But she said officers would not be suspended immediately allegations were
made against them."When we have sufficient evidence we will take that step,"
she said.
Problems with Victorias drug squad extend back many years.One former drug
squad senior detective was jailed for five years in May 2000 for stealing
seized chemicals;another serving officer has been charged with dealing
in ecstasy;a former drug squad detective has been charged with drug
trafficking;and in June last year one officer died from a drug overdose.
(I was raided and robbed on June 1 last June btw.Some stuff of mine went
Commissioner Nixon said major changes had been made to the drug squad
but some of the recommendations by Police Ombudsman Dr Barry Perry had not
yet been implemented because of continuing negotiations with the Victorian
police association.Ms Nixon said she hoped to have an agreements in place
by next month.
But police Association secretary Paul Mullet denied the public had lost
faith in drug investigators.He said the Association was at an early stage
of discussions over drugs policy and had not yet been presented with the
chief commissioner's detailed position on negotiations.
Problems with corruption were also a matter of funding,according to Mr
Mullet,which could best be tackled by bringing the Ethical standards Dept.
up to strength.
Dr Perry is due to present a report to parliament detailing the extent of
current inquiry into drug squad corruption.
He said last week the reforms so far included renaming and restructuring
the Dept. but had not gone far enough.Dr Perry said the drug squad may have
to be disbanded.

@_date: 1999-05-02 15:57:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Doighty Joisy cops using RSA.Fuck you peter Trei. 
VINELAND, N.J. — The New Jersey State Police are requiring the news media to contact state police headquarters in Ewing for all inquiries into crimes instead of getting reports from troopers in local barracks, according to a published report.
"No information is to be released except through this office under the auspices of (N.J. State Police Superintendent Joseph Santiago)," state police spokesman Sgt. Gerald Lewis told The Daily Journal in Vineland.
The newspaper reported Aug. 9 that the restriction had stopped the dissemination of local crime information, including the release of weekly reports that documented incidents handled by local barracks. It also said media coordinator positions at the Bridgeton, Buena Vista Township, Bivalve and Port Norris barracks were eliminated.
Trooper Steve Jones, a spokesman for the state police, told the Associated Press that a memo was sent throughout the agency about a month ago requiring all press calls to be directed through headquarters.
But Jones said the requirement was generally a policy before and the memo simply reaffirmed it.
In some cases, such as traffic accidents, he said local barracks may still be able to comment, but it must be cleared through headquarters.
As for the weekly crime logs and media coordinators, Jones said both have been eliminated because of a staffing shortage.
Gov. James E. McGreevey signed the Open Public Records Act last month, but his administration then angered news organizations by making more than 400 categories of government records exempt from the new law.
In response to those concerns, state Attorney General David Samson sent a memo to county and municipal police departments.
"Nothing in the order was intended to restrict immediate release of information to the public," the memo said.END.
Recently,"clear trust"
Mind you with a record for bringing charges like this
I might want 'the most trusted name in e-security' to bury info for me.They love it in the Chinese gestapo.

@_date: 1999-05-02 18:04:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: FOX 24-Cpunks 97. 
The other side of the debate is typified by privacy advocates and e-commerce
interests who feel that the Govt.wants to expand,not just preserve,its
ability to eavesdrop.They believe that fledging mediums like the Internet
will never become economically viable if the people using it don't feel
that their privacy is protected and their data is secure.There are also
concerns about the potential for Govt.abuse of any kind of key recovery
program,or that the key recovery program would itself be insecure,incomplete
and the target of infiltration and hacking.There is an international aspect
to encryption as well,for any artificial stricture on the complexity of
encryption software,(so that the Govt.can still break it should it want
to.)or which reduces its security,(by placing copies of keys in some sort of
escrow account.)ultimately devalues the software and leaves other countries
without such restrictions to devalop industry standards and much better
products.There is also the question as to whether the kind of messages
the Govt.wishes to intercept and decode would ever be transmitted on a
system which belonged to the key recovery program.If other non-recoverable were still available to criminals.

@_date: 1999-05-02 18:41:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Neo-Nazi's are run by Mi6...when its not the KGB 
In his book KGB: The Secret Work of Soviet Secret Agents (Hodder and Stoughton, 1974), John Barron has thrown some interesting light on the ‘Under KGB guidance, the Czech STB in 1956 started mailing virulent neo-Nazi tracts to French, British, and American officials in Europe. They bore the imprimatur of a non-existent organisation called the Fighting Group for an Independent Germany (Kampfverband für Unabhängiges Deutschland). Continuing propaganda from this phantom organisation created the impression that a gang of fanatical resurgent Nazis was active in West Communist organised swastika daubings of 1959-60 led to increased demand for race legislation: "In some cases - Austria, Germany, Norway - existing legislation has been supplemented as a direct result of the swastika-daubing outbreak of the winter of 1959-60."
Germany's most notorious postwar neo-Nazi party was led by an intelligence agent working for the British.....( Guardian Unlimited, 13 Aug 02)
Neo-Nazi leader 'was MI6 agent'
John Hooper in Berlin
Tuesday August 13, 2002
The Guardian
Germany's most notorious postwar neo-Nazi party was led by an intelligence agent working for the British, according to both published and unpublished German sources.
The alleged agent - the late Adolf von Thadden - came closer than anyone to giving the far-right real influence over postwar German politics.
Under his leadership, the National Democratic party (NPD) made a string of impressive showings in regional elections in the late 60s, and there were widespread fears that it would gain representation in the federal parliament.
Yet, according to a report earlier this year in the Cologne daily, the Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger, the man dubbed "the New Führer" was working for British intelligence throughout the four years he led the NPD, from 1967 to However, a former senior officer in German intelligence told the Guardian this week that he had been informed of a much longer-standing link between Von Thadden and British intelligence. His recollection raises the question of whether the German far-right-winger was under the sway of M16 when he and others founded the NPD in 1964.
Dr Hans Josef Horchem, who was the head of the Hamburg office of the Verfassungsschutz - the West German security service - from 1969 to 1981, said he received regular visits from British intelligence liaison officers.
"We held general discussions on security. At one of these - I think it was towards the end of the 70s- they said, 'Adolf von Thadden was in contact with us', and that that was in the 1950s". Mr Horchem did not know whether the links between the German and British intelligence had continued into the 60s and 70s.
According to the Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger, whose report passed virtually unnoticed when it was published, the neo-Nazi leader met his British contact at a hotel in Hamburg.
Germany's government is currently trying to ban the NPD on the basis that its policies violate the constitution.
But the government's case is in danger of collapse after the disclosure that some senior NPD members were agents of the Verfassungsschutz. This has sparked debate about the extent to which counter-intelligence officers were sustaining the far right in their efforts to monitor it. Similar issues arise in Von Thadden's case.
The question also arises of whether MI6 was seeking help from the neo-Nazi movement when far-left militancy was sweeping Europe after the uprising of May 1968 in Paris.
Von Thadden left the NPD in 1975, and died at the age of 75 in 1996.
His younger sister, Barbara Fox von Thadden, said she had had no reason to suspect her brother worked for British intelligence. But she added that they had very different political views and steered away from political They had an English grandmother, and Ms Fox von Thadden said her brother "did like coming to Britain, and did like Britain very much".

@_date: 1999-05-02 19:05:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Spook wars-When Angleton kicked Harvey under the table. 
1961 Washington area.
Wrights briefing on RAFTER had not gone smoothly as some CIA officers were extremely pissed off that there had been a 3 year gap before they were "Who else knows about RAFTER?,asked (the CIA's) Harvey.
I told him we briefed the FBI and the Canadian RCMP fully as we progressed.
"The Canadians!",exploded Harvey,thumping the table in anger."You might as well tell the fuckin' Papuan's as the Canadians."
"I'm afraid we don't see it like that.The Canadians are trusted members of the Commonwealth."
(I may go there to Kamloops for a holiday after the trial,btw.)
"Well you should tell them to get another cipher machine,'he said as  Angleton kicked Harvey hard under the table."
Could have been Rosa Kleb I guess he was lucky.
p151.Spycatcher.peter Wright.
What were they using then? No point Hagelin I guess...
 >>One of Peter Wright's successes was in listening to (i.e. bugging) the actions of a mechanical cipher machine, in order to break their encryption. This operation was code-named ENGULF, and enabled MI5 to read the cipher of the Egyptian embassy in London at the time of the Suez crisis. Another cipher-reading operation, code-named STOCKADE, read the French embassy cipher by using the electro-magnetic echoes of the input teleprinter which appeared on the output of the cipher machine. Unfortunately, Wright says this operation "was a graphic illustration of the limitations of intelligence" - Britain was blocked by the French from joining the Common Market and no amount of bugging could change that outcome.
Particularly interesting is MI5's invention code-named RAFTER, which is used to detect the frequency a radio receiver is tuned to, by tracing emissions from the receiver's local oscillator circuit. RAFTER was used against the Soviet embassy and consulate in London to detect whether they were listening in to A4-watcher radios. Wright also used this technique to try to track down Soviet "illegals" (covert agents) in London who received their instructions by radio from the USSR. <<

@_date: 1999-05-02 19:33:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: White anting the homeland. 
Army sets up battle for WIN-T
The Army awarded contracts that will let two vendor teams battle it out for the multibillion-dollar tactical intranet
[Posted Aug. 12]
DOD preps virtual Pentagon
DOD has launched a program to create a virtual Pentagon that would provide backup networks and communications
[Posted Aug. 12]
As part of an effort to provide better service, the Internal Revenue Service has selected Hewlett-Packard Co. to provide $35 million worth of new desktop and notebook computers to 820 IRS locations nationwide.
Letters to the editor
Serving Homeland Security
Aug. 12, 2002   Printing? Use this version.
Email this to a friend.
WRITE US
Following are responses to an FCW.com poll question that asked, "Given an opportunity, would you work for the Homeland Security Department?"
I think Homeland Security is overdue. I would be willing to work there, but the location would be paramount in my decision. In my opinion, the one place it doesn't need to be is Washington, D.C.
C. L. Jennings
General Services Administration
I would consider working for Homeland Security for two reasons. One, I believe it is an important and necessary effort. Two, as an insider, I would be able to know just exactly how much information will be collected on citizens, and to what use it would be put.
Name withheld by request
(not carly F)

@_date: 1999-05-02 19:35:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Sunnie and Richard are looking out 4U.Just turn your head and 
My husband and I volunteer with the Red Cross, our local volunteer fire department and emergency management in Hardin and Tyler counties of Texas.
We are on the planning committee of the Lamar Institute of Technology's homeland security crisis management team, which is a regional endeavor to coordinate emergency management programs, as well as bring computer emergency response training and other aspects of our president's homeland security/defense programs into our locales.
We are, and will continue to be, honored to be a part of these efforts as Sunnie and Richard Baldwin

@_date: 1999-05-02 19:46:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Train the mind,mind the train. 
Federal agencies are deploying an increasing number of commercial tools from companies such as ArcSight, CyberWolf Technologies Inc., e-Security Inc., GuardedNet and Micromuse Inc., to name a few. The FAA deploys an integrated set of security tools that include event management and intrusion detection. Officials would not name the vendor for security reasons.(A Cpunk challenge.)
However, for more advanced correlation and data reduction capabilities, the FAA turned to the academic community, funding researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to develop an event correlation system.
The FAA chose MIT because the agency didn't want a proprietary system and instead opted for one that was open and supported international standards, Brown said. Also, the FAA wanted to develop a system that could be shared with other federal agencies.
The FAA is integrating the system into its data warehousing framework, which uses neural technology to extract data. The system also passively scans the network for unusual activity and can detect if new network equipment, such as routers or servers, comes online.
Officials have already seen results from their tests of the system. Previously, IT operators reviewed event logs that were six to 10 hours old. The new system has reduced that lag time from hours to minutes, said Tom O'Keefe, deputy director of information systems security at the FAA.
Labor Department officials also have seen a reduction in the time it takes IT operators to access and analyze data by adopting event management systems, according to Laura Callahan, deputy chief information officer at Callahan declined to identify the products the department uses for security reasons, but she said IT operators at the agency are familiar with products from SilentRunner Inc., a Raytheon company, and Network Intelligence Corp. "We are challenged in trying to sift through volumes of information to do trend analysis," she said.
Callahan also praised the tools' forensic capabilities, which enable IT operators to play back events for investigative purposes.
Besides deploying event management tools to battle the problem of data overload, the department is moving to a common security architecture. This means that each division within a line of business will adhere to the same standards and security technology, eliminating the need for multiple management consoles to monitor disparate products in each business unit.
Not a Panacea
There is a definite need for security event management tools in federal agencies, but "tools are not a panacea," said Thomas Gluzinski, president and chief executive officer of Paladin Technologies Inc., a provider of security services to the federal government.
Many of these tools are in their first generation, and some are complex and hard to use by someone lacking in-depth security knowledge. Others are easy to use but still require experts to analyze the data and take appropriate action, he said.
"And security event management products are computers, too," FedCIRC's Hale pointed out, so they are open to attacks or exploitation by hackers.
According to John Pescatore, a research director at Gartner Inc., a security event management system needs four key features:
n The tool must monitor events in real time and pull that information into a central location.
n It must filter data and present it in meaningful reports.
n It should have a discovery engine that can identify all the devices on a network. Most current products lack this feature.
n It must be able to control the security devices. For instance, the product must have the capability to change settings on a firewall in the event of an attack or work in conjunction with an intrusion-detection system to automatically block an attack.
The better products in the future will have some type of neural network capability that will enable them to identify and fix problems, Gluzinski said. Some intrusion-detection systems, such as Internet Security Systems Inc.'s RealSecure, can interact with firewalls from Checkpoint Systems Inc. to fix a rule set and solve a problem in the event of an attack.
However, if the intrusion-detection system is not configured properly and is not privy to internal business operations, it could introduce a new problem by making a fix. The same is true for security event management systems, Gluzinski said, which only emphasizes the need for skilled network But as more network-based intrusion-detection systems move from merely issuing alarms to employing more highly advanced techniques — blocking attacks in the way that antivirus software stops the spread of computer viruses — there might not be a need for security event management systems, Gartner's Pescatore said.
There are two reasons for an organization to deploy security event management tools, according to Pescatore. Large organizations with several hundred firewalls spread across a global network would need to manage the output from those firewalls, and organizations deploying hundreds of network-based intrusion-detection sensors should deploy an event management system to reduce the false alarms generated by the sensors.
Unless an organization has made a huge investment in intrusion detection, Gartner researchers recommend holding off on purchasing such systems because more advanced tools will be released in about two years.
Others disagree. Intrusion detection "is where the pain is," but security event managers are also collecting data from firewalls and antivirus software, said Juanita Koilpillai, chairman and co-founder of CyberWolf Technologies, formerly Mountain Wave. The Federal Emergency Management Agency now uses the company's product, which automates analysis of data in real time. Symantec Corp. acquired the Falls Church, Va.-based company last "It's more than an intrusion-detection issue," Callahan agreed. It's also an issue of tracking who's accessing intellectual capital and the applications and data associated with those assets. Intrusion-detection systems can "tell you that a person is coming through the door, but not all the rooms he's accessed." Security event management tools have the potential to help administrators sort through this information without manually analyzing each individual log file, she said.
Meanwhile, other efforts are under way to advance the field of event correlation. For instance, the CERT Coordination Center, located at Carnegie Mellon University, is conducting advance research on developing a common output language for various security systems, said FedCIRC's Hale.
And at the SANS Institute, a Bethesda, Md.-based training and education organization for IT security professionals, officials are working with several vendors to determine the market leaders. They will then decide what type of training is needed for security professionals to properly use the products, said Stephen Northcutt, director of training at the institute.
"I'm optimistic about the maturity of security event management solutions," Callahan said. As experts refine their efforts to aggregate clusters of data and as vendors develop algorithms for detecting attacks, there should be "a more integrated common view across firewalls, systems, phones and wireless" technology.
What is event correlation?
Event correlation is the process of comparing data from multiple sources to identify attacks, intrusions or misuse.
Before data can be correlated, it must be removed from individual security devices and sent to a consolidation point where it is pulled from disparate log files, compressed and prepared for placement into a database.
After data is clustered, the security event management system can begin data correlation. Because an attack usually touches many points in a network, leaving a trail, a security analyst can possibly prevent or detect an attack if he or she follows that train.

@_date: 1999-05-02 20:00:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Operation dark screen.Get your 'research' on. 
Dark Screen's first phase, scheduled for September, will be a tabletop exercise in which a still-to-be-determined cyberattack will be played out and all participants will respond, said Gregory White, technical director of the Center for Infrastructure Assurance and Security at the University of Texas at San Antonio, which is leading the planning and execution of Dark Screen.
AIA has assumed a leadership role in bringing together various stakeholders, including representatives from the city, the county, the Army, the Air Force, the state attorney general's office, the FBI, the private sector and many others.
The second phase of Dark Screen will focus on applying the lessons learned from the tabletop exercise, and the third phase, to take place next May, will be a live exercise using actual attempts to penetrate networks, White said. He added that the final phase is "greatly to be defined," but will involve "testing notification and alert chains."
"We can do it on paper, but by bringing everybody together at one time, we can see who is prepared to do that," White said. "What we do here is applicable across the nation."
John Pike, director of the nonprofit organization GlobalSecurity. org, said the exercise was a welcome break from tradition.
The usual all-talk-and-no-action stance on cyberattacks is "rather strange, given the number of emergency response exercises that are conducted to anticipate other problems, such as hazardous materials spills or nuclear accidents," he said. He added that actual exercises are needed to "rehearse response measures."
The Defense Department frequently conducts exercises in which it pays companies to penetrate their systems, but Dark Screen will "help identify the interdependencies and linkages between the different sectors," White said.
San Antonio officials plan to "review and modify" their infrastructure security measures based on the Dark Screen findings, said Mike Miller, the city's emergency management coordinator.
"We hope to identify quick fixes and implement those quickly, as well as look at long-term issues that will take more time and resources to implement," said Miller, who is also assistant chief of the city's fire department. "The most important thing that we hope to get out of the exercise is securing San Antonio's infrastructure to maintain all aspects of the quality of life for our community. We also will share our experiences with other communities to help them be better prepared."

@_date: 1999-05-02 20:43:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Cpunks do share one characteristic: They are all boys. 
Newsweek: Attack on America Front Page 3:09 PM ET Saturday, July ...
... NEWSWEEK Poll: Bush Soars. The president's approval rating equals FDR's. FBI Links
USS Cole Bombing and World ... Would restricting crypto have stopped these  - 46k - Cached - Similar pages AD for a crypto free America bought to you by msnbc.
Together, school shooters make a diverse class portrait. They are white, black, Hispanic, Asian, Native Alaskan. They were in public schools and Christian schools. Few had a mental illness, although many were desperate and depressed.
Boys who have killed in America's schools offer a simple suggestion to prevent it from happening again: Listen to us.
"...Almost all attackers had come to the attention of someone (school officials, police, fellow students) for disturbing behavior. One student worried his friends by talking often of putting rat poison in the cheese shakers at a pizza restaurant."
Cute.Hold the parmesan.
WEAPONS: Getting weapons was easy. Most of the attackers were able to take guns from their homes or friends, buy them (legally or illegally), or steal them. Some received them as gifts from parents. More than half had a history of gun use, although most did not have a "fascination" with weapons.
"F--- you Brady," Eric Harris wrote in his journal about the Brady gun law. "All I want is a couple of guns and thanks to your f------ bill I will probably not get any! Come on, I'll have a clean record and I only want them for personal protection. It's not like I'm some psycho who would go on a shooting spree."
YEAH! and fuck you Mongo,how many disturbed lisp members have you given

@_date: 1999-05-02 20:52:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Rick Walkinshaw your a dead man. 
Assassination / Targeted Violence Against Public Officials and Public Figures Assassination in the United States: An Operational Study of Recent Assassins, Attackers, and Near Lethal Approaches (5.7M) Protective Intelligence & Threat Assessment Investigations "A Guide for State and Local Law Enforcement Officials" (194K) Threat Assessment: An Approach to Prevent Targeted Violence (243K)

@_date: 1999-05-02 21:17:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: MS sprung bad,looks like CJ was right about Gates. 
Mysterious plague hits MS recruits for Palladium microkernel and/or DRM platform
By John Lettice
Posted: 13/08/2002 at 10:23 GMT
Microsoft's efforts to disassociate Palladium from DRM seem to have hit their first speed bump. Some voices within the company (and we currently believe these voices to be right and sensible) hold the view that Palladium has to be about users' security if it's to stand any chance of winning hearts and minds, and that associating it with protecting the music business' IP will be the kiss of death. So they'll probably not be best pleased by the Microsoft job ad that seeks a group program manager "interested in being part of Microsoft's effort to build the Digital Rights Management (DRM) and trusted platforms of the future (Palladium)."
Oh dear. It's one of a clutch of Palladium job ads currently up on the site, and is the most blatantly off-message one. While the authors of Microsoft's discussion white paper on Palladium say, "Palladium will not require Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology, and DRM will not require Palladium... They are separate technologies," the author of this ad continues: "Our technology allows content providers, enterprises and consumers to control what others can do with their digital information, such as documents, music, video, ebooks, and software. Become a key leader, providing vision and industry leadership in developing DRM, Palladium and Software Licensing products and Trust Infrastructure Services. If you are looking for an opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a critical new area for MS and a position with autonomy and growth, then this is an ideal Content providers controlling their documents, music, video, ebooks, a critical new area for MS, oh dear oh dear. And we quite liked: "Additional responsibilities include defining the industry..." Gosh, the whole industry? That's a responsible job, but we thought Microsoft was supposed to have given this sort of thing up. The post will also "include collaboration and technology sharing across CSBU [Content Security Business Unit, whose bag Palladium is] and with other MS teams, such as Office, STS, Avalon, CLR, Windows Media Foundation, eHome, Pocket PC, Mira, MSXML, GXA, and .Net Framework."
There's a handy list of current MS teams for you, people. So Windows Media is a Foundation now, and what's an Avalon when it's at home, anyone?
Job two, SDE lead, is much more on message and quite interesting, as it provides some clues about the way Palladium will be built. "What is Palladium? We are a windows team working on new, trust-oriented Windows features, re-architecting and re-developing the Windows PC platform from the hardware up. We will dramatically enhance the level of Security available to any customer who wishes to enhance the Privacy, Security, and Data/Content Protection aspects of their applications. We will offer customers a very high level of data protection, no matter where they live, who they are, or what they are trying to protect." Aside from that Data/Content Protection, it's almost unworrying. Here's the techie bit:
"Own lean and mean team of 4 senior developers building the very guts of this new security software. This is one of the very few opportunities to build a micro-kernel from scratch. We’re keeping everything that’s cool about a micro-kernel and nothing that’s not. Responsibilities include: abstraction of hardware from the security modes of the new CPUs to cryptographic input devices, process control, from laying out the image in memory, to providing system services, from providing memory management to interrupt handling, from a debugger to the fundamentals of structured exception handling. No file system, no networking, nothing complicated, only elegant. This is a dream job."
Indeed it is. The approach sounds similar to the one the early NT development team took, before marketing started maiming the thing.
Also wanted is a secure application architect, who "will be responsible for application strategy and design. The Secure Application Architect will work with development, marketing and internal and external customers to identify trusted application scenarios that will be supported. He/she will then be responsible for executing the strategy: providing support and guidance for application developers, and working with the internal Palladium team to ensure that the necessary system services and infrastructure are in place." So this one could be the nark. Apply here, here or here. ®
Great reversed engineered intelligence from the carrion eaters."I wanna bite that hand so badly..."Especially after a night and a day at the Opera.
If your using free Opera,you can get rid of the ads with a little hacking...just don't get caught now its a class A felony.

@_date: 1999-05-02 21:32:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Station T APB for E-Bay Escapee. 
Its KAOS over here in the hunt for e-bay scammer Mehmet Onan.How the fuck am i supposed to sell my dell when I get it back some cold day in hell.
Dead man talking,Shrub wants small business advice?
How about GAMES,ProN and PROSTITUTION! Throw in drugs,arms and munitions and you have a totally free market led recovery.Anyone else need killing?
Theres one in every crowd...
The managing director of a film distribution company has called for people convicted of film piracy to be jailed. Allan Finney from Buena Vista International was speaking at the 57th annual movie convention on the Gold

@_date: 1999-05-02 21:49:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: State Crypt Administration Commission Office interest in 
When they tell me what they salvaged from the EP-3.and RSA.I'll talk...only A conference will be held alongside the exhibition. Speakers will be the officials from Ministry of Public Security.
EVENT DESCRIPTION
The only information security event in China with strong Government support. The exhibition is aimed at improving the awareness of the need for security of digital information, facilitating technological exchanges in information security and introducing overseas technologies and products in information security in China.
Look forward to the RSA press release peterT.

@_date: 1999-05-02 22:18:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: October CounteRevolution 
Organized by :
·       Public Information Network Security Inspection Bureau, Ministry of Public Security of P.R. China
·       Science & Technology Information Institute of Ministry of Public Security, P.R. China
·       Information Security Research and Service Institution of the State Information Centre
Whoopty doo.Just as the pathetic Bolshevik so called 'revolution' was really a coup by a minority authoritarian terrorist cult...October and revolution will go together less than October and stock market crash.
Dumb questions dept.
Why isn’t David McBride, regional technology director for Microsoft Asia-Pacific, pleased with the researches underway in the field of security?
Moore’s law applies to security concerns: David McBride.
Email your résumé directly to a Recruiter at Microsoft
Get yer ass hauled into vulture culture me heartie's,Arggh!
Dave's not here man.You can tell by the piccy.
"...To me, we're every bit as entrepreneurial as a start up."
If that didn't convince ya cynical basta's.
"Seattle has wonderful amenities and lots of rain as well! What more could anyone ask?"
That explains a lot,now why 'new technology' 5 must die in 10 words or less.
APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 1999-05-03 17:04:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Greeneland 
Fastest way to freshmeat? Follow a vulture.
"Internet pioneer David Reed recently pointed out that in the early years, efforts to incorporate end-to-end encryption into the base standards of the Net were reportedly discouraged for reasons of national security.
But "weak encryption" is no longer a reasonable excuse for insecure systems. It's clear by now that real security comes not just from strong crypto, but from recognizing and embracing human strengths, frailties and common behaviors in building, managing and using complex systems. People are always the weakest link."MORE from the mighty OZ...

@_date: 1999-05-03 18:18:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Gettin' down with the Ho's. 
Ho,Ho,Ho chi Minh.Way to go Ho.Damn shame one wife may have lost her head...its hard being a professional revolutionary.
"In the long run it will become common knowledge . . . and it might help liven him up a bit with younger Vietnamese."
The attempts to censor and suppress this remind me...08.7 - Viet-nam
The Vietnamese government copies Chinese Internet crackdown
And the nong duc manh.

@_date: 1999-05-03 18:40:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Everyone a journalist,no one a witness. 
Romania: Mystery of a missing journalist. A newspaper in western Romania has appealed for international help find a reporter who went missing two months ago. Investigative journalist Iosif Costinas, 62, was last seen by a neighbor near a market in his hometown of Timisoara on June 10, said Laurian Ieremeiov, deputy editor of the daily Timisoara on August 12.
Thr Romanian rights group Freeex,org, citing Associated Press, reported that police had launched an extensive search in the rivers and woods near the city, and an adviser to President Ion Iliescu has pledged to support local authorities resolve the case, Ieremeiov said. So far these efforts have been unsuccessful.
On Sunday, the newspaper sent messages to Reporters Without Borders and to Amnesty International, asking for public support in trying to find the reporter. Costinas has publishes articles about sensitive subjects, such as the unsolved killings during the December 1989 anti-communist revolt and the continued presence in high positions of Securitate communist secret police officers.
He was just completing a book about the shady business underworld in the city located near the Yugoslav and Hungarian borders. "We believe it very probable that his disappearance is connected to what he wrote and his actions as a member of civil groups trying to find out the truth of the revolution," Ieremeiov told AP.
Freeex.org campaign & report.

@_date: 1999-05-03 18:43:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Guilty of "publishing an alarming publication,"  
Kenya: Publisher jailed over magazine story. The publisher of "Finance" magazine, Njehu Gatabaki, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment over an article entitled "Moi ordered the Molo Massacre". The main story, which appeared in the magazine's December 1997 issue, dealt with killings which occurred in Molo, Kenya, just prior to the 1997 general election.
A court in Nairobi found Gatabaki, who is also a member of Parliament in Kenya, guilty of "publishing an alarming publication," reported the Network for the Defence of Independent Media in Africa (NDIMA) as relayed by IFEX.
But Gatabaki told the magistrate that he had suffered for publishing the truth. "The truth will set this country free. The articles were true. I'm ready to bear that burden of bringing the message to Kenyans."
Gatabaki, who was unrepresented, was given 14 days to appeal against the sentence. Judge Ms Karanja said that she had considered the publisher's mitigation, which she described as little more than a political speech.
"I've taken cognisance [of] the fact that the accused is [a] lawmaker who should be making laws and not breaking them. This is why this conviction should be taken very seriously," she said.
NDIMA report via IFEX.
Index report on Kenya's Zimbabwe-style strategies.

@_date: 1999-05-03 19:34:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: News for murd's,stuff that splatters. 
Assassination Politics (Score:1, Troll)
by aminorex on Tuesday August 13,  (
(User  Info |  The only geek who ever came up with a viable means
of effecting positive change in the current U.S.
political system was promptly sent to prison.
His name is Jim Bell, and he's a loon, but his
Assassination Politics may well save the U.S. from
totalitarianism and genocide, and I can hardly wait
to see it implemented.
[ Reply to This | Parent ]
·       ·       Re:Assassination Politics by aminorex (Score:2) Tuesday August 13, ·       ·       1 reply beneath your current threshold.
"Declan McCullagh spent several years on Essential Information's AM-Info (Appraising Microsoft) e-mail list basically just lurking and stirring up trouble he could use in news reports."
Not our declan! Shurley shome mishtake! Oh deccy boy the pipes,the pipes are calling...

@_date: 1999-05-03 19:50:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: First they came for the Cpunks... 
"First they came for the hackers. But I never did anything illegal with my computer, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the pornographers. But I thought there was too much smut on the Internet anyway, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the anonymous remailers. But a lot of nasty stuff gets sent from anon.penet.fi, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the encryption users. But I could never figure out how to work pgp5 anyway, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for me. And by that time there was no one left to speak up." ~Alara Rogers (Aleph Press) ne
Heard from ENRON just before they collapsed.
"When I said burn all the books I meant , 'put them on the fire', not 'copy them onto CD'"
CHINA CRISIS!
I'm wondering whether China will use Linux for restrictive purposes - i.e. The Great Firewall of China ?
Perhaps they've found that Microsoft products are just too insecure for this purpose ? ;)
The German Government announced they will be switching exclusively to Linux. Chancellor Adolf Hitler declared Linux "the software of the Superman" and said that anyone caught using other operating systems will be Microsoft Windows cd's and books on using Microsoft software have been publicly burned in ritualistic bonfires. A few resisters caught with Windows 98 on their hard drives have been beaten and tortured by the Gestapo, their pleas that "it was just for Counterstrike!" falling on deaf As of this writing, the computers that control the train timetables for transporting undesirables to death camps have been running Linux for three months now without a reboot.
Steve Ballmer was right about RED hat,"open source COMMUNISM!"

@_date: 1999-05-03 20:05:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dr Rat. 
Diabetes drug prematurely tested on humans
TIMES NEWS NETWORK [ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 14, 2002 12:04:59 PM ]
HYDERABAD: Ragaglitazar, the controversial dual-acting insulin sensitiser developed by Dr Reddy’s Labs (DRL), was tested on at least 135 human beings at the Nizam’s Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) even before trials on rats and mice were completed.
The experts realised the dangerous side-effects of the drug only after Novo Nordisk, the Scandinavian company assigned to develop the medicine, stopped testing on July 22, after the experimental rats and mice began developing tumours and symptoms of cancer.
The tests of the drug at Nims continued for well over six months, sources in the hospital confirmed. The trials on human beings — phase-III of the drug test — were conducted under the supervision of the Diabetic School of the hospital. The sources insisted that trials conducted by them were approved by the Medical Council of India and the Drug Controller-General of However, it is not known if any or all of the 135 human guinea pigs at Nims were informed that they were being administered a yet-to-be proven diabetes drug. It is also not clear if they were told that the drug was being simultaneously tested on rats and mice.
Dr. Reddy’s Labs, though, has disowned the phase-III trials, saying it had licensed the drug for further development to Novo Nordisk.
“Testing of yet-to-be proven and potentially dangerous drugs on human beings is common here. Our hospitals are places where patients take medicines administered to them without asking a question. And, in the course of a trial, if a patient dies, all the doctor does is change the dosage for the others and continue with the test,” a source said.
“This is not the first time that an unproven drug has been tested on human beings, sometimes perforce in the city,” the sources added. Meanwhile, government sources said they were unaware of the tests conducted by Nims and were at a loss to explain anything about the trial.
Ragaglitazar, codenamed DRF 2725 and NN662, was developed by DRL. After carrying out preliminary animal toxicology studies, DRL sold the drug to Novo in 1998 for further development and commercialisation.
To ally fears in those who participated in the abortive trial, both the Hyderabad-based laboratory and Novo Nordisk claim that though the anti-diabetes drug caused “bladder tumours in rats and in one mouse,” potential risk to the trial participants is ‘very small’.
Related Stories:

@_date: 1999-05-03 20:15:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Causing Trouble 
Some people just seek out trouble,don't they declan...
"Unfortunately, nearly every person at the FBI who was notified of the situation reacted by questioning why Ms. Edmonds was 'causing trouble...Indeed, the FBI's first internal security action in this case focused on Ms. Edmonds, instead of the allegations that she raised in good faith as a whistle-blower and which bore on national security and the war against terrorism."
--From a letter to Attorney Gen Ashcroft from Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) and Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), on the FBI's response to reports of a compromised counterintelligence

@_date: 1999-05-03 20:23:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Straight up the Crypto. 
"Cryptography is increasingly becoming the centerpiece in the attempt by corporate interests to protect their intellectual property. This is particularly true in the case of the TCPA (Trusted Computing Platform Alliance) or Microsoft's Palladium. Furthermore, the attempt to apply cryptography to protect copyrighted material against unauthorized reproduction is still creating tremendous debate, particularly regarding the CBDTPA (Consumer Broadband and Digital Television Promotion Act), not to mention the BPDG (Broadcast Protection Discussion Group). The general idea behind all of these groups and concepts is to mandate strong security through crypto hardware, which greatly benefits the entertainment industry, while potentially threatening the Open Source community..."

@_date: 1999-05-03 20:31:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: SS "tawdry and sometimes illegal." GET OUT! 
Since July 1998, the number of special agents has grown by 705, for a total of 2,939 -- a 32 percent increase. The service's budget has exploded since 1999, growing 75 percent to a proposed $1.05 billion next year.
Jacksons games? "In June, U.S. News & World Report catalogued tawdry and sometimes illegal activities by Secret Service agents over 25 years, involving sex, drugs, theft, brawling, inebriation and corruption. Four agents assigned to Vice President Cheney fought in a San Diego bar, and agents on assignment at the Salt Lake City Olympics came under investigation about a possible sexual assault on a minor in February. Last month, an agent was suspended after he scrawled "Islam is evil, Christ is king" on a Muslim prayer calendar during a search of a Michigan suspect's home." Fergeddaboudit!

@_date: 1999-05-03 20:51:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 2 Pak shaker.Get it India. 
RAW, India's equivalent of CIA, is involved in acts of terrorism ...
indianterrorism.mybravenet.com/RAWFacts.htm - 3k - Cached - Similar pages
... intelligence agencies continue, Harrison said. "The CIA still has close
links with the ISI (Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence).". ...
rawa.fancymarketing.net/cia-talib.htm - 7k - Cached - Similar pages
Muzi.com | LatelineNews : CIA says China helped Pakistan's ...
... Muzi.com : Muzi (English) : News : CIA says China
helped Pakistan's missile program GB Big5. ...
latelinenews.com/ll/english/81839.shtml - 19k - Cached - Similar pages
How the CIA created Osama bin Laden
... MAK was a front for Pakistan's CIA, the Inter-Service Intelligence
Directorate. The ISI was the first recipient of the vast bulk ...
 - 16k - Cached - Similar pages
CRG -- Cover-up or Complicity of the Bush Administration? The ...
... Also bear in mind that Pakistan's ISI remained throughout the entire post Cold
War era until the present, the launch pad for CIA covert operations in the ...
 - 33k - Cached - Similar pages
2/19/96 INT/ASIA: PAKISTAN'S BOMB VS. TRADE
... destruction. The CIA says China has secretly shipped 5,000 ring magnets
to Pakistan's nuclear laboratory at Kahuta. The magnets ...
pathfinder.com/time/international/ 1996/960219/china.trade.html - 7k - Cached - Similar pages
"...Critics of the ISI say that it has become a state within a state, answerable neither to the leadership of the army, nor to the President or the Prime Minister. The result is there has been no real supervision of the ISI, and corruption, narcotics, and big money have all come into play, further complicating the political scenario. Drug money was used by ISI to finance not only the Afghanistan war, but also the ongoing proxy war against India in Kashmir and Northeast India.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee deals with all problems bearing on the military aspects of state security and is charged with integrating and coordinating the three services. Affiliated with the committee are the offices of the engineer in chief, the director general of medical service, the Director of Inter-Services Public Relations, and the Director of Inter-Services Intelligence.
Staffed by hundreds of civilian and military officers, and thousands of other workers, the agency's headquarters is located in Islamabad. The ISI reportedly has a total of about 10,000 officers and staff members, a number which does not include informants and assets. It is reportedly organized into between six and eight divisions:
Elsewhere in India, the ISI offers monetary rewards , sex, and other attractions to cultivate agents.
Espionage, euphemistically called the second oldest profession of the world finds a mention in the Indian Vedas, one of the most - if not the most - ancient of the human texts.
RAW  hijacking trauma.
Indian lies about IC 814 "hijack" exposed!
... statement added. Pakistan News Service/Information Times, December 28,
1999. Is Indian RAW Agent SBS Tomar Behind the Hijacking Drama? ...
indianterrorism.mybravenet.com/Nepal3.htm - 14k - Cached - Similar pages
India's shadowy policies against Nepal should be condemned by the ...
... 2000 RAW official on hijacked flight IC 814: Asiaweek BY OUR POLITICAL A stunning new bit of information on the Indian Airlines airbus hijacking ...
indianterrorism.mybravenet.com/Nepal1.htm - 13k - Cached - Similar pages
[ More results from indianterrorism.mybravenet.com ]
Arrested ISI agent played key role in hijacking of IA plane
Arrested ISI agent played key role in hijacking of IA plane. DH News
Service Deccan Heral April 27, 2000: Previous message: The Marxist ...
 - 8k - Cached - Similar pages
Pak diplomat was involved in the hijacking of IA plane
... Sources told 'The Times of India' that intelligence agencies had a opened dossiers
on suspected ISI agents and their activities long before the hijacking of ...
 - 8k - Cached - Similar pages
[ More results from While CIA's have been known to start wars,a 'bay of pigs' is considered unlikely.Northwoods maybe,not bay of pigs.

@_date: 1999-05-03 20:57:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Al-Jazeera considered harmful. 
freedom of expression
Abdullah Farraj Al-Sharif/Al-Madinah
Freedom of expression has long been absent in the Arab world. While all Arab intellectuals emphasize the need for it, they do not accept the wild lies and prevarications dished out regularly by the Qatar-based Al-Jazeera on a round-the-clock basis. The station chooses guests with dubious qualifications to participate in what is arguably the worst kind of talk show.
Guests rant and rave, reminding viewers of a brawl. The participants are never concerned with the authenticity of evidence used to support their arguments. Such shows, which are not often broadcast by other stations in other parts of the world, spew hatred and hostility all around.
Viewers wonder at the apparent contradiction in the way the station presents programs and in what its goals really are. Its motto is ‘Opinion and the Other Opinion’ but the station’s performance has proved that the ‘other opinion’ has no place in its broadcasts. When a topic is discussed — Iraq, for example — the discussion rambles on interminably. Viewers who may or may not know anything about the topic participate by telephone. The moderator puts questions to them but they are not allowed to express a dissenting opinion. Questions are phrased in such a way that the desired answer is implied and it is thus clear what the participants are expected to say. The trick usually works as unsuspecting participants initially agree with the moderator and later when the trap has become obvious, the participant protests that he or she has not been allowed to state his views. At this point the moderator jumps in to say angrily, “We are discussing the likelihood of America’s attacking Iraq and not the station’s style of presentation.”
The station’s objective becomes quite clear to those who watches it for some time. It aims at the total surrender of all Arab interests to American policies. The station seems to follow a skillfully-devised scheme, which is much worse than either covert or overt Zionist schemes, to deprive Arabs of all their legitimate rights. The viewers, who see through the station’s evil designs, are at a loss to explain why a Gulf country continues to finance a station which has ruined good relations with a number of Arab countries because of its baseless criticisms and allegations. If the station is impartial in its treatment, one wonders why it never discusses the state of affairs in Qatar. Is Qatar an ideal and infallible state while all other Arab states and governments and countries deserve to be condemned?
Though I have been frank in my opinions about the way the station operates, I want to stress my keenness to maintain our close family and cultural ties with our brothers in Qatar despite the efforts of the TV station to ruin them.
14 August 2002

@_date: 1999-05-03 21:03:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: godsucks.com 
Florida pledge flap,why do they bother when taxpayer funded madrasses's are ... Many faith-based organizations, denominations, coalitions and local actively work ... specific task forces to address the issue through education, ...
 - 40k - Cached - Similar pages

@_date: 1999-05-03 21:14:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Police special unit to watch for army coup. 
Fiji Times - First Newspaper To Be Published In The World Today -they are actually being so close to the International date line.
The fiji village.
Police Forces sets up special unit to monitor Military
The police force will soon set up a special unit to monitor the military to avoid the chance of another coup. more
Every country should have one of these units,if they have to have a police

@_date: 1999-05-03 21:37:21
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bnet interactive -Click here to rate all films by Robert 
Try not to set off automatic NSA search and locate scanning software.
Kaerlighed Ved Forste Hik (1999)
Add to my favorites • Email this page to a friend
Also known as:
Love At First Hiccup (USA)
Starring: Robert Hansen, Sofie Lassen-Kahlke
Genre: Comedy (add)
Set in: Small town, Denmark (add)
Keywords: heart warming, sex (add)
Runtime: 80 minutes
Country: Denmark
Color: Color
This film was added by: thenextwhitlam

@_date: 1999-05-03 21:51:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Homeland security-Imagine it done. 
The Transportation Security Administration has awarded the first two work orders for its information technology infrastructure.
TSA tapped Unisys Corp. for the agency's billion-dollar Information Technology Managed Services (ITMS) program Aug. 2 but postponed making an official award until meeting with an investment review board.
A group led by the Office of Management and Budget and the Office of Homeland Security is assessing all projects valued at more than $500,000 at agencies, including TSA, slated to go into the proposed Homeland Security

@_date: 1999-05-03 22:22:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dr livingstone I presume... 
Hi there...
"...The Brookings Institution, a Washington think tank has estimated that the overall cost of the September 11 attacks to the U.S. economy was between $100-$125 billion, or one percent of the nation's GDP. Over the next decade government and the private sector combined will spend somewhere between $500 billion and $1 trillion dollars on homeland security. This figure could be even significantly higher if the U.S. experiences additional major terrorist attacks in the coming months and years.
Among the areas projected to enjoy the greatest growth potential in the security sector are biometric systems, business continuity systems and services, aviation security, chem-bio defence, and new technologies for non-invasive inspection of containers and other cargo. Construction security is also booming.
Dr. Livingstone (pictured right) Chairman & CEO of GlobalOptions, author and world-renowned crisis management expert will be presenting at the Security 2002 conference.
More info on Security 2002 conference More info on Dr. Livingstone

@_date: 1999-05-03 22:58:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Elephants graveyard. 
White House Writers Group
White House Writers Group consists of former White House speechwriters who provide a range of communication services including speech writing; drafting and placing opinion-editorials; writing and staging presentations; and planning and strategy.
GlobalOptions Inc., headquartered in Washington, D.C., is a multi-disciplinary, international, risk management and business intelligence company. Our staff of professionals includes former intelligence and law enforcement officers, veterans of America's elite military units, and legal and crisis communications specialists.
We provide a broad spectrum of unique services and innovative solutions to commercial, government, and individual clients. Never before have all these services been assembled under a single umbrella to provide a comprehensive approach to solving difficult business and government problems.
Recent assignments include the protection of fissile material in Russia, corporate crisis management, the recovery of assets, due diligence in major merger and acquisition (M&A) cases, undercover investigations of NAFTA violations, and coordination of all legal defense efforts associated with the largest civil RICO action in U.S. history.
GlobalOptions' Advisory Board is chaired by former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral William Crowe, and is comprised of many distinguished individuals, including a former CIA Director, a former British Trade Minister, and a number of retired ambassadors and military

@_date: 1999-05-03 23:34:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: We believe... 
"...The issue of how the governments of the world will wish to address the proliferation of encryption in the post September 11 era is a far more complex, but equally important question. Although the United States intelligence community has sounded the alarm on this topic for several years, commercial and privacy interests have prevented many of the steps proposed to permit governments access to encrypted communications where the national security required such access. We believe those earlier decisions will now be revisited..."
Globalops hotshits mouthing off.1 was an FBI flack around WACO massacre time and the other is ..guess who.
The president?
Following are some of the attorneys or judges who have been reported to have been disciplined by the District of Columbia for unethical conduct, who may be a resident of the District of Columbia and who were disciplined in another jurisdiction, sued for malpractice, incarcerated, whom we understand have been charged with unethical conduct, who have have engaged in conduct which tends to defeat the administration of justice or to bring the courts and the legal business into disrepute, etc.
Same name mistake? Identity theft? Whatever.
Judicial & Attorney Misconduct in the District of Columbia
... MICHAEL CHARLES MOGIL, BERNARD M. MURCHISON-SMITH, BRETT E. MURPHY, JUDGE TIM NEILL,
DENIS M. NERENBERG, ROY NIELSEN JR, KENNETH EDWARD ONDECK, THOMAS P. OAK ...
 - 6k - Cached - Similar pages
Theres  a million Thomas P Ondecks out there,right?
D-2094 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF THOMAS P. ONDECK
Thomas P. Ondeck, of Washington, D.C., having been suspended from the practice of law in this Court by order of August 2, 1999; and a rule having been issued and served upon him requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; and the time to file a response having expired; It is ordered that Thomas P. Ondeck is disbarred from the practice of law in this Probably his evil twin...what did gumshoes do before they invented Google?
Original grab at...
Scroll for it.

@_date: 1999-05-03 23:58:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchists in Japan. 
A - I N F O S N E W S S E R V I C E   ________________________________________________ Visit  ******* ******** ****** The A-Infos News Service ****** News about and of interest to anarchists ****** COMMANDS: lists at ainfos.ca REPLIES: a-infos-d at ainfos.ca HELP: a-infos-org at ainfos.ca WWW:  INFO:

@_date: 1999-05-04 00:28:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: A faster way to factor prime numbers found?  
>>AFICT, the proposed algorithm is for a test for primality and does not represent an algorithm to factor composites.<<
 >>Yes, the paper is quite readable. The "futuristic" conjecture is that primes can be proved in O(log^3(n)) time, but the algorithm as presented is O(log^12(n)) time. The authors admit that present probabalistic algorithms are faster. However, it presents a new way to think about the problem, so it opens the door for a lot of new research. Time will tell if that leads to new factoring algorithms. Is Pollard still interested? Maybe somebody should drop off the paper and a new computer at his house :-) <<
Dr Mike.
Writings on the wall ptrei.Even without idquantique,the most trusted name in security

@_date: 1999-05-04 02:48:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AFP PROMIS 
What should I do if my FOI request comes back with PROMIS-person and location details,on it?
I was just wondering in light of the history of that in SA,guatamala,occupied Palistine,etc.
"First they came for the hackers. But I never did anything illegal with my computer, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the pornographers. But I thought there was too much smut on the Internet anyway, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the anonymous remailers. But a lot of nasty stuff gets sent from anon.penet.fi, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the encryption users. But I could never figure out how to work pgp5 anyway, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for me. And by that time there was no one left to speak up." ~Alara Rogers (Aleph Press) n

@_date: 1999-05-04 04:04:33
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CATO evacuation plans 
a)Tell declan and other media whores and shills to stay,"Its just a drill."
b) Shred all tobacco documents
c) Ditto all wind farming cruft,global warming malarky.
d) All donation information must be burned.(and I don't mean on to a e) Don't run or drive fast,act nonchalant,but get the hell 40k out.AT LEAST.
d) Don't go freakin' near RR.
e) Don't pick up hitchers.Even if they look like Fawn Hall and are topless.(exceptions may be made if they are waving money,we are free enterprise remember.
f) Be glad you invested in a SUV with a bullbar.

@_date: 1999-05-04 04:21:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "for the SEC wont let me be,they try to shut me down on we CP." 
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Pretie shady eminem...
gross profit? Don't ask.Mergers and Acquisitions will kill me,literally.Trei this...
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
but your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be
or let me be me, so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty, without me
So, come on and dip, rum on your lips
Fuck that, cum on your lips, and some on your tits
And get ready, cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits, FUCK YOU DEBBIE!
  There,there pete shady,pigs ears in vaseline don' taste THAT bad.

@_date: 1999-05-04 06:03:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Chicago Bnet. 
I will pay 2$ to have ANY Person Impersonating a Govt. servant stabbed in the back.
Run over.Shot.Drowned.Burnt,hell whatever,JUST DO IT! This could be the break APster needs.Time to make a stand.Scatter my ashes at Waldheim.
Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell."

@_date: 1999-05-04 06:17:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Be Patient. 
Health records base a step closer
By Jenny Sinclair
August 13 2002
Data quality and security are emerging as key issues for computerisation of patient health records around the world.
Last week's Health Informatics Conference (HIC 2002) in Melbourne heard that patient records were increasingly becoming computerised but the transfer of information between systems still caused problems.
The issues could have ramifications for an ambitious project under consideration for a supercomputing organisation.
The Victorian Partnership for Advanced Computing (VPAC), aims to use patient records as a massive database for health research.
Speakers at an HIC session on electronic patient records told of four projects, all aimed at finding the perfect solution for the masses of information needed in health care.
William Goossen, a researcher and consultant to a Dutch attempt to set up a national electronic patient records model, said the Netherlands had needed to combine many attempts at creating such systems.
The answer was to set up a national effort, bringing together the government, health providers and nursing associations in a single body.
Major factors in a successful patient records system were identified as the information structure or content, the technical infrastructure, safety and security issues, and having the new body "do the work" of developing a workable solution.
Professor Bill Appelbe, chief executive of supercomputing group VPAC, has said he would like to see standards set up for bringing together all kinds of medical records and tests.
Speaking before the conference, he said that most information from clinical trials was only available in hard copy and recorded manually.
This made "data mining" impossible, depriving researchers of potentially valuable sources of information. Similarly, having the general population's health records available electronically (in an anonymous form) would allow the possibility of faster and more accurate medical research.
He said VPAC had had interest from large software vendors in developing such systems, acting as a "trusted third party" to broker between the medical research industry and large database developers.
VPAC could take part in developing such specialised systems by "applying modern software development (principles) to scientific software" and hiring out its supercomputer's data-crunching facilities.
In Victoria work has been under way on a universal health-care database for mental health patients for five years.
The database project has been slowed by problems with messaging systems transferring data and by user feedback on early versions. The Victorian mental health-care approach has been to develop a centralised database with a unique patient indentifier, and to link it to clinic and hospital systems via an intermediary interface, pending development of a universal solution.
The database was divided into an archive database and an "operational data store" for current work.
Speaking for the project, Damian Curran said issues of training, insufficient bandwidth to local clinics and corruption of records had all needed to be overcome.
The department is about to move to a new phase of trying to connect clinics and hospitals directly to the central database.
Curran said key lessons from the project included the need to have proper documentation to allow for staff moving on, close monitoring of subcontractors, making sure the work kept up with current practices in the medical field, and "it's not cheap" - costs could be high.
At the Distributed Systems Technology Centre (DSTC) in Queensland, trials of a so-called "Good Electronic Health Record" (GEHR) are about to move to real-world testing. The GEHR is a worldwide attempt to standardise the way medical records are kept. Researcher Andrew Goodchild said the group had had excellent feedback from doctors participating in the trial.
The DSTC has helped develop editing software that allows medical practitioners to create simple "archetypes" or templates in which to store different kinds of information. The templates have parameters built into them that allow practitioners to specify what information must be entered, and what ranges are normal; so a template used to report blood tests, for instance, can automatically identify results out of the normal range.
Goodchild said that anyone setting up a records system for doctors should first "find out what's politically and culturally, and work-wise acceptable for the clinicians".
The trial editor will be available for free download from the DSTC's site soon.
A working electronic patient records system has already been set up at the busy emergency section of the Austin and Repatriation Medical Centre in The hospital engaged Sydney software company TrakHealth for the pilot scheme, which has allowed the emergency room to replace its giant whiteboard showing patient movements and conditions with a computerised Applications project manager Vicki Moritz said the electronic "whiteboard", set up as a floor plan of the emergency room, increased privacy for patients and had interactive features, such as a clock symbol that flashed when patients were due for a check-up.
The hospital chose its system by having about 100 staff road-test a shortlist of programs.
She said information needed to be carefully checked before it was transferred to a new records system; two patients gave their occupations as "domestic goddess" and "stud".

@_date: 1999-05-04 06:27:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Telepsych.2000. 
The Victorian Telepsychiatry Program was established in 1996 to improve access to mental health services for rural Victorians.
The Program funded the establishment of 27 telepsychiatry facilities located at Area Mental Health Service sites in rural base hospitals, mental health centres and community-based locations across regional Victoria, and facilities at six specialist service locations.
The specialist services targeted by the Program were:
·       The Mental Health Review Board (MHRB)
·       Forensic Mental Health Service
·       Early Psychosis Prevention and Intervention Centre (EPPIC) Statewide Service
·       Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) at three locations: Austin and Repatriation Medical Centre, Royal Children's Hospital and Monash Medical Centre.
The Program established linkages of two types:
·       Intra-service: from major rural centres such as Bendigo, to smaller rural communities such as Swan Hill and Kyneton
More on

@_date: 1999-05-04 20:09:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Consider this if you will. 
Consider this: An inarticulate, politically inexperienced man with family links to a previous national regime comes to provincial leadership. Subsequently he gains the highest national office without winning the popular vote. The election in which he was declared the victor is considered compromised by his brother's province. He appoints a chief law enforcement officer who has repeatedly called for constitutional revisions. Regulatory agencies are filled with those previously regulated. Soldiers patrol transportation centers. International treaties are abrogated. International legal organizations are shunned. Roles of police and military are blurred. Law enforcement agencies are centralized. Individual civil rights are reduced. A "shadow" government is created.
Domestic surveillance is increased. People are encouraged to spy on each other. Military budgets are increased. The military establishes a disinformation program. Media access to government is limited. Consultations with the legislative branch decline. Connections to corrupt corporate sponsors are disavowed. Efforts to further plunder natural resources for profit are initiated. Access to past administrations' documents is limited. A war mentality is established with imprecise enemies. Nebulous fear- inducing alerts are periodically released. National level profiling is introduced. People are imprisoned without public charges and unknown others are "disappeared."
Don't mention the war.

@_date: 1999-05-04 20:45:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Trei lies to himself again. 
>>a misplaced respect for the whims of The Men with Guns. This is not a Good Thing.<<
Sure CJ would agree having been arrested at the point of one.
  >>A freedom to skulk in the shadows, hoping not to be noticed, is not the legacy I wish to leave behind. Peter Trei <<
So tell us peter,why did you shop CJ? You have been skulking on that point for months now.I've even written you directly about this.Tell me it was a

@_date: 1999-05-04 23:22:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bluetooth security,"Is it safe?" 
Token encryption.
If a user wearing the system's security token walks away from his or her laptop, the system senses it and begins securing the computer by encrypting all data. If the user then returns within range, the computer begins unlocking data so work can resume.
"Its safe,its very safe!" MM.

@_date: 1999-05-04 23:41:32
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Goldeneye. 
It was faintly disgusting to see jim leherer misting up over after TB's rabblerousing speech on Terror.Yet when you look at his leaders efforts you can understand why some displacement activity is going on.Blair gives good TV 'head',while the smirking chimp stumbles and bumbles his way through life like Homer Simpsons drinking buddy.
The killing joke over TB is what can he do by himself? He's the puppet of a pretzel scoffing clown. How many Bond movies lately have you suspended belief over the ludicrous projection of the UK's power?
It gets harder and harder.As a small favor,I'd appreciate a copy of 'Goldeneye' with the theme music inserted at the appropriate points,if you can cut out jar jar Binks you can do this for me...please?
Thank you.

@_date: 1999-05-05 00:09:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Identity crisis 
Govt planning I-cards for all citizens
TIMES NEWS NETWORK [ THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 2002 8:31:03 PM ]
NEW DELHI: Identity cards for all citizens, a Rs 15,000-crore National Rail Vikas Yojana and a national commodities exchange were among the 15 key initiatives announced by the government on Thursday. The home ministry will prepare a plan to issue multi-purpose machine-readable identity cards to all citizens. A pilot project, which will be launched in October to cover select districts in eight states, will also facilitate the implementation of e-governance initiatives to be completed within a year.The Rail Vikas Yojana will over the next five years aim to remove all capacity bottlenecks in critical sections of the Railways, including a Rs 8,000-crore project to strengthen the Golden Quadrilateral to run more long-distance mail, express and freight trains at a higher speed, and a Rs 3,000-crore project to strengthen rail connectivity to ports and development of corridors to the hinterland.Rs 3,500 crore will be spent on constructing two bridges over the Ganga and one each over the Brahmaputra and the Kosi. The consumer affairs, food and public distribution ministry will set up a National Commodities Exchange to streamline commodity futures trading. All villages will be electrified by 2007 and 130 lakh new telephone lines, including 75 lakh mobile telephones, will be added in the coming year. A comprehensive social security scheme for the poor and the middle class and a food-based social security for the destitute will be launched. The communication and IT ministry will implement a programme to improve efficiency, transparency and accountability at the government-citizen interface, with the e-bill post and internet-based e-post service network to cover all districts in the coming year. Media Lab Asia, a collaboration between the IT department and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, US, will be set up to address the digital divide in the country. The government also announced formulating a model municipal law to facilitate private sector participation in urban infrastructure projects, especially in water supply and sanitation. Simultaneously, a fund will be operationalised this year to promote urban sector reforms with special focus on making urban local bodies viable. National scholarships will be given to disabled persons to pursue higher technical education. The culture ministry will launch the National Mission for Manuscripts to preserve and unlock the scientific, intellectual, literary and spiritual knowledge in different Indian languages. The ministry of petroleum and other ministries concerned will take steps to universalise blending of ethanol from various feedstocks, including sugar factories, with petrol and diesel. Sale of gasohol will become mandatory in nine states and four Union territories from January 1, A.Roy says,"dont listen."

@_date: 1999-05-05 00:58:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Good business is where you find it." 
Meeting No. 3890
This special AMA Current Issues Forum will dramatically increase your knowledge and sophistication about the business challenges and opportunities in China. It features a high-level group of experts put together by the National Leadership Forum on Global Challenges, a nonprofit organization that draws from the American intelligence profession and other seasoned professionals who have lived and worked overseas.
October 11, 2002
AMA Executive Conference Center, New York, NY
December 3, 2002
AMA Executive Conference Center, San Francisco, CA
Co-sponsored by the National Leadership Forum on Global Challenges
stuff to my belt.
China suspends approval of new Internet cafes
BEIJING (August 14, 2:47 p.m. EDT) - China has halted all approvals of new Internet cafes until the end of this month in the government's latest move to control cyberspace, state media said Tuesday.
Your family will be only billed for one bullet.

@_date: 1999-05-05 03:08:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: au PROMIS 
Searched the web for police realtime online management system. Results 1 - 10 of about 2,740. Search took 0.23 seconds.
Rapport de l'OICS pour 2001 - Table des matières- [Translate this page ]
... PNUCID Programme des Nations Unies pour le contrôle international des PROMIS Police Realtime Online Management Information System (Australie) SADC ...
 - 18k - Cached - Similar pages
Informe de la JIFE de 2001 - Índice- [Translate this page ]
... PNUFID Programa de las Naciones Unidas para la Fiscalización Internacional de
Drogas PROMIS Police Realtime Online Management Information System (Australia ...
 - 18k - Cached - Similar pages
[ More results from  ]
July 1996 - Technology Snapshot
... Local police and sheriffs' departments in Louisiana now ... access to the Louisiana Law
Enforcement Management System, ... to implement CAD/Partner, a realtime, online ...
 july/snapjuly/snapjuly.phtml - 20k - Cached - Similar pages
May 1997 - Raising Highway IQ
... general office, Emergency Management Agency, State Police, ... will be able to obtain
realtime, online ... system, a relational database management system, realtime ...
 may1997-raisinghighwayiq.phtml - 24k - Cached - Similar pages
[ More results from  ]
Intelligent Enterprise Magazine - Smarter, Faster, More ...
... of an overall effort by the state to provide online ... by defrauders, Target hopes to
profit handsomely from realtime, ... The West Midlands, UK, Police Department. ...
 011004/415smarter1_2.shtml - 27k - Cached - Similar pages
Enterprise Systems | Past Issues Archive
... logistics and procurement functions for all Royal Canadian Mounted Police assets ... An
Online Transaction Processing (OLTP) allows realtime management ...
 - 35k - Cached - Similar pages
News - Global Telematics Announces 100th Order for Online Vehicle ...
... Global Telematics announces 100th order for online ... fleet markets, including local
authorities and police, ... include vehicle and equipment load tracking, realtime ...
 0872c3daee4e54b885256a6a0066ea61?OpenDocument - 12k - Cached - Similar pages
SchlumbergerSema | Public Sector: Criminal Justice Management
... The movement and management of secure ... are part of this new system and ... Commission;
Lord Chancellor's Department; Police ...
 publicsector/cjm2001/cjm2001.htm - 30k - 15 Aug 2002 - Cached - Similar pages
File Format: Rich Text Format - View as HTML
... Development Environment. NATURAL. Core Applications. Interfaces. Online feed to ... PROMIS
- Police Realtime Management System. Interfaces. Issues. Have approval to be ...
 - Similar pages

@_date: 1999-05-05 03:29:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: ".. the productive and most profitable way to organize is to 
The Declustering of America: "With the new telecommunications technology, it is increasingly easy for a firm to operate in a dispersed manner". Although only really discussing geography, I find articles like this fascinating, of course, because today are living early forms of the "next company" described by Peter Drucker: "By now the new information technology — Internet and e-mail — have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications. This has meant that the most productive and most profitable way to organize is to disintegrate."
6:36:27 AM

@_date: 1999-05-05 04:45:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Netdog to porn valley intercept. 
JoJo Rufus Writes: I'm the owner of a rather large paysite and always wanted to get my head in the door to those people out in Porn Valley. Until I went to Internext in Florida. I was invited to an invite-only party with some of the bigger names on the Internet. We're talking people who run massive paysites scaling millions of dollars a year, tremendous TGP players, PHP programmers, traffic masters, AVS marketers. Everyone is lowkey and real. They're just like average people yet wear Rolex watches but drink domestic beer. Then I realize how fucked up porn people really are.
All I ever hear in the Valley are all these motherfuckers whining and complaining and bitching and moaning. This guy ripped me off, my distributor is taking too much of a cut, I never have enough money, maybe I'll make some money by referring this whore I picked up in Palmdale.
It's funny. Nobody ever has any money. And I'll tell you why. For a person to start a new venture and try to set up and own his own titles, you have about as fat a chance of making money than a clam trying to grow a pearl. You know why? Cause you'll never get paid. Term deals? Great! There are really only a few talented filmmakers who have enough talent to create good product without dishing out a bunch of generic crap. Everything's been done.
Meanwhile, the boys who are ruling the Internet are fucking liquid. They have cash. And they have the cash to go after the biggest and brightest people. They don't deal with these fuckups in porn who flunk out of company after company and somehow always land a job. Chuck Martino. Kid Vegas. John T. Bone. The list goes on and on. You know why? The Internet requires skills and accountability. Porn Valley has nothing but a bunch of backstabbing cunts with IQs of room temperature trying to figure out how they can skim off the top. But guess what? You rip someone off and it fucking lasts.
Also, you shoot a brand new girl on the Internet and it's up that day. You shoot a brand new girl on video and it's up in a few months but who cares. She's on the box of a dozen titles to boot. How new is that?
The immediacy is what matters. Shoot with the Net in mind. Don't pigeonhole yourself into thinking about measly video distribution. So you sell 1000 units out the door if you're lucky. Half the distributors don't pay you on time. You have to beg, borrow and steal. Then you wait. Meanwhile you ain't got enough money to pay rent and you're left eating cheese and crackers like some starving Third World buffoon. You are fucking stuck.
The Internext tells us one thing. If you don't embrace the net, you are doomed. Like when people didn't embrace the VCR. Or the camcorder. Or DVDs. But guess what? The Internet requires a hell of alot more skills that those past technological advances and, of course, Porn Valley tends to attract scumbags. Ain't that about a bitch.

@_date: 1999-05-05 04:48:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: seized computers case. 
Police must return library computers
by Nora Doyle
Journal Reporter
SEATTLE -- A U.S. District Court judge said Tuesday that Kent police must return the two computers they took from the Kent library without a search In taking the computers, police did irreparable harm to both privacy and property rights, said Judge Marcia Pechman.

@_date: 1999-05-05 04:56:08
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Millicent Ghetto 
Attack 16: Sweet Ass Butt Kisses
D. Tom Byron. Ashley Blue, Veronica Caine, Nikita Denise, Kinky, Savanna Rain, Brooke Daze
The opening montages are working better than ever, but as he winds up the lest leg of his illustrious sexual world tour, Tom Byron couldn't go out with a bang better than the one he gets with the team of Kinky and Nikita Denise. In a scene that establishes both blistering genital and ass-to-mouth contact ratio, the ladies join forces to give the Icon's arsehole the tongue bath of its life. And for most guys being played for a butt trumpet would be a pleasant enough way of ending a day- akin to settling back in a rocking chair with a tall mint julep on the veranda at sunset. But because he's not a plantation owner but a video company owner with a pressing new release schedule, Byron's hot footing it in Denise's snatch splitting the beard and fucking her accent loose prio to taking a whack at Kinky's vowels and syllables. The British lass is first to get it in the ass as Nikita laps the residue off Byron's cock between strokes. Kinky reciprocates when it's Nikita's turn for a crowbar in the ass. And for the pop shot, both girls have their eager tongues out.
Besides offering the viewer one of the last opportunities he'll have of watching a legendary craftsman at work in a woman's rectum, what makes this tape particularly noteworthy is the fact that Brooke "no show" Daze and hers actually showed up for it. Yes, it's true. No mistaking the Tiffany Mynx resemblance, Daze resides in the flesh and Dale Dabone resides in her ass before all's said and done. A lusty pile driver with Dale taking the shit chute to cocoa town highlights a pairing that caps with another ass to mouth finisher.
Very pretty with an asshole as wholesome as her face, Ashley Blue's the leadoff girl in this sparking ensemble. Although Blue's tits are near to non existent, it's her trimmed vagina that Mark Davis is cuddling up to. Then, with a throttling choke hold, Davis is all romance as he handles her basically like a marionette on Quaaludes. Ashley displays an unbridled vocal enthusiasm for having her snatch French kissed. And with more love and kisses in the offing, Mark spits down her throat and fucks her esophagus. Their anal time together is also considerable with penis-to-mouth love very much a part of the goodwill vibe. No stranger to a man being in her ass, or, for that fact, many strangers being in her ass, Veronica Caine and Joey Ray re-enact the bun fight at the BM corral. Like a man on a mission, the mission being one of excavating a new shit hole, Joey runs some major cable through Veronica their best statement being a side saddler with a rim-to-maw finale. Savanna Rain, who opts for a black evening dress, warns Lee Stone that she's got a tight ass which is like warning a huge hand about a small glove. Nevertheless Lee makes it fit and Rain's got to quit but only after some wincing gestures, a great pile driver and another ATM puts any chance of Rain having second thoughts out of the way.
The Porn Industry is a Dirty Business
 From the Palm Beach Post: Six weeks into her new job, Jessica Lee is still giddy with her good fortune. ""I work three to five hours a day naked at home," says Lee, 24, a UCLA grad living in Miami. "I can't believe the money." Lee claims she's making $2,000 a day as an entry-level Internet porn star.
For more read:

@_date: 1999-05-05 05:00:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mike Allen back in the news. 
For being a dipshit of course...Scooped AVN: Cincinnati Couple Go to Trial August 19
Remember what I said a couple of days ago what was going to happen in Cincinnati in wake of adult movies being pulled from pay-per-view. I'm sure we'll be seeing more of the following cases with attorney Lou Sirkin working overtime: This time a Cincinnati couple- Jennifer Dute, 31, and her husband Alan, 61 will be going to trial next week. The Dutes were indicted by a Hamilton County grand jury this past April on four counts of pandering obscenity, charges that carry a maximum sentence of four years in prison. Their company, A&J Specialty, also was indicted on four counts of pandering obscenity and faces a maximum fine of $40,000.
The search warrant was served March 21. Hamilton County Prosecutor Mike Allen said the pair sold pornographic videos by mail “despite a court order prohibiting such sales to or from Hamilton County.” Authorities said sales were made Feb. 11, March 4, March 7, and March 21. Officials said the Dutes pleaded guilty to similar charges three years ago.
In 1999, Jennifer Dute faced two counts of pandering obscenity and a possible three years in jail. At that time she was accused of starring in two videos — Jennifer 2 and Jennifer 3 — and then marketing them on a Web site and in a local newspaper, Everybody's News- now defunct. Prosecutor Mike Allen said the Hamilton County Sheriff's office investigated the case and purchased copies of the videos. Allen said investigators determined they may violate community standards for obscenity. Dute avoided going to prison when she swore she'd never again sell her home-made porn tapes in or from Hamilton County. But Hamilton County officials say she lied because they bought more home-made porn tapes - starring the 31-year-old Ms. Dute - from her Anderson Township home at least four times in February and March.
Allen was the brains trust behind the great professor rat hunt of 2001.

@_date: 1999-05-05 05:08:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: TIPS San diego style. 
Dave Cummings posts: If any of you have involved any government authorities in any aspect of the past emails from pornstar hater, zodia killer (aka: bryan sullivan?), please let FBI Special Agent Mike Wagoner at the San Diego FBI office (858-499-7736) know so that he can contact those agencies and integrate information and coordinate with them on any ongoing investigations the San Diego FBI has now opened an active investigation into the below email, and others of a threatening nature that seem of concern to them. I've advised FBI Agent Wagoner that there was a posting a few months ago about the St Louis FBI office supposedly having contacted the individual; I also advised him that I reported the below email to the Army's Criminal Investigative Division and Department of Defense, in case "war crimes" might be involved. And, that my copy of the "Chad Luke" latter was faxed, as requested by them, to Postal Inspectors (just in case, as some folks have speculated, the letters many of us received might possibly have actually been from bryan sullivan). The FBI asked that I place my letter and envelope into a sealed plastic bag in case it might later be needed for examination for fingerprints and
other tracings of evidence--if you still have your copy, you might want to do likewise? If sullivan gets wind of this email, I imagine that there might soon be emails forthcoming from him (possibly disguised as another name/sender?) with disparaging remarks about me; but, though I strongly and wholeheartedly defend his right of free speech and right to voice his opinions, I feel that we all have a responsibility to report info of a possible criminal nature to the authorities.
Again, so that the FBI has access to ALL info that might be being processed presently by other agencies, please advise FBI Agent Wagoner of anything you might have initiated--to email him, use sandiego at fbi.gov and make the subject "For Special Agent Mike Wagoner", or phone him at 858-499-7736
If any of you have received any emails from Mr Sullivan in the last three weeks (I have NOT), would you forward them to me---I'll then forward one copy of each new email to Agent Wagoner (in that way, he's not getting separate emails from many of us, all with the same info).
I also advised the FBI that one of the Internet writers might have a copy of the (posted) email Sullivan sent to him regarding the past visit he received from the FBI--they are interested in seeing Sullivan's comments. I gave him the phone number to the writer who probably has it in his files. Dave
Gene sez: Coincidentally to the fact, I just received a call from agent Wagoner and will be of assistance in any way possible. Now I have a reason. Person or persons [Sullivan?] is using my name to send viruses to select people in the business.End.
As long as the filth is there,why not use the fucks for some honest labor.I have done this myself once when assaulted and its Mongo approved.Mind you APster IS the future of law enforcement.

@_date: 1999-05-05 05:12:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Sex.com update 
Sex.com Saga Continues- At Least for a Couple More Weeks
That Gary Kremen, the owner of sex.com will never see the $65 million the courts have awarded him in his legal battles against Stephen Cohen is almost a given. Now Kremen will have to wait a few more weeks to see what the 9th District Court of Appeals will come up with. Kremen yesterday presented a case in San Francisco in which he holds Network Solutions, a division of VeriSign accountable for the whole sex.com mess to begin with. It's Kremen's contention that Network Solutions never bothered to verify Cohen's forged request to transfer the domain from Kremen.
Kremen is saying that the largest U.S. domain name registry should be held accountable for an error that put the Internet address in the hands of Cohen, a known con artist. In a hearing before a federal appeals court panel, Kremen's lawyers argued that Network Solutions committed a breach of contract when it failed to verify the forged request. "This all could have been prevented with a simple call or e-mail to Mr. Kremen saying: Did you authorize this?" said James Wagstaffe, the attorney for Kremen, who's seeking monetary damages.
This is Kremen's second try at a court judgment against Network Solutions. Kremen lost the first case in May, 2000 when federal judge James J. Ware in San Jose, California ruled against him basing his decision in part on the fact that at the time Kremen registered the site, in 1994, domains were free. Ware contended that because Network Solutions was offered nothing of value in exchange for its efforts, it not should be held financially liable for its error. But Ware also held Cohen, liable to the tune of $65 million in largely uncollected damages. Cohen's attorneys were also in appellate court Tuesday, seeking to undo that ruling.
In yesterday's appellate hearing, attorney Wagstaffe argued that even though Network Solutions didn't get money for registering the domain, it did get personal information about Kremen for its database. Wagstaffe said that should count as something of value. The company was also able to begin charging registrants shortly afterward, having developed its initial database of free registrations.
Attorneys for Network Solutions, disagreed rejecting the argument that a domain name's entry in Network Solutions central domain name server, or DNS, constitutes proof of ownership of that Internet address.
Is this guy the matt Drudge of the naughties or what?
Study carefully,there will be questions.
ICANN of Worms
The Internet governing body is short on answers and out of time.

@_date: 1999-05-05 05:48:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Give Mongo his due. 
>>Pay attention to the antitrust angle. I guarantee you that Microsoft > believes Pd is a way to extend its market share, not to increase competition<<
This was the first thing our resident state hater Mong picked up on.Its would be under ACCC investigation down here in 5 nanoseconds...I prefer to pay attention to the anti-state angle me self ala APster.Its time to leave the nest.(I will miss judge jackson a little.)
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead

@_date: 1999-05-05 06:12:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Counter-attack scenarios on the net. 
ChowderHett...>>PS: I think we're going to *need* counter-attack scenarios on the net. Like Whit Diffie said, "infowar" will be fought between businesses. Governments are too slow, and not, paradoxically, nearly ubiquitous enough to do the job. All we need is bearer cash, :-), and, someday, machines even can handle it themselves... <<
Plane murder will happen...again...soon...real soon.The homeland einsatztgruppen can seize all the tweezers and nailclippers they like and burn them in the town square,(insert inane smiley emoticon for the sake of our boston readers.)
Plane murder will happen again. Give every cleartrust TM citizen a fucking stinger and IT WILL HAPPEN AGAIN.
More beans mr Hettinger?
I think you've had enough.
Where oh where is,after all these stale wasted years is bearer cash? Is that a smile :) or a twisted grimace? Whit Diffie's goin' to save us? WTF are you smoking?
Has anyone called david Chaum lately?
Witless difucker is head of security for,"you have no privacy get over it,yes I donate republican," SUN for fucks sake.
The best defence has been and always will be OFFENCE.Sun Tzu style OFFENCE!
It has been available here in this archive since 1996.Whit fucking shittie diffie,the sell out motherfucker is helping pTrei and others build the GOLDEN SHIELD.
Infowar requires INFOWARRIORS,like bell,CJ and (my trials on s11.)me.
rvroman may be the 4th man.
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell."

@_date: 1999-05-05 07:02:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: employment market for applied cryptographers?  
>>Other explanations? Statistics? Sample-of-one stories? Adam -- yes, still employed in sofware security industry; and in addition have been doing crypto consulting since 97 ( if you have any interesting applied crypto projects; reference commissions paid.<<
The problems remain the same,IMO.If you invent PGP that is seen as threat,ask Phil.Sharp swords cut both ways.Why should large Co's,big Govts invest in what has been posited as the death of them.Fear is the key.
  MS is like a drowning man grasping at Palladium straws to pull its .Nuts out of the fire.
Simple anti-trust like old teddybear big stick wielded,should help bill Gates sing soprano.Should,but history has a way of repeating as farce,doesn't it?
 >>- perhaps security infrastructure and software upgrades are the first things to be canned when cash runs short? <<
Why shouldn't they be? Those Dept's are run by who? Fallen angels?
 >>- custom crypto and security related software development is perhaps weighted towards dot-coms that just crashed.<<
The 'sweet spot' for crypto seems to be either high,eg.Idquantique or so low it hasn't happened yet.eg.The millicent ghetto.I have high hopes for this in the Pron arena.btw.The paradox of the self destructive aspects inhibits the mid rangers,Govt and/or Business.Just a hunch.I don't have experience.Ptrei might help.
 >>- you might think the physical security push following the world political instability worries following Sep 11th would be accompanied by a corresponding information security push -- jittery companies improving their disaster recovery and to a lesser extent info sec plans. <<
Out of sync,sorry,I'm using WINE.Where were we? You might think that well known KerPunkers would NOT join in an undignified rush to the troughs of recycled pork.
Sadly there are always a few prepared to sell out ASAP. A security push that threatens the very 'base' of the power of those Co's is not going to be told full steam ahead and damn the torpedo's anyway.CEO's aren't stupid.(in general)Fear is the key...its also the two edged sword.The APster meme lurks,sometimes it even hunts.
Draws blood.See the Pacifier letters,operation soft drill.Fear so palpable you can smell it.
 >>US Information Security Czar Clarke making grandiose pronouncements about how industry ought to do various things (that the USG spent the last 10 years doing it's best to frustrate industry from doing with it's dumb export laws<<
This Palladium thing is so Clipper its not funny,until you watch a little US TV and realize the hard truth.The moronic inferno has a short attention span and an even shorter memory.
 >>- dot-com bubble (though I saw some news reports earlier that though there is lots of churn in programmers in general, that long term unemployment rates were not that elevated in general) <<
Don't let facts,statistics etc slow ya down...and don't let a chemist get mad atcha!
 >>PKI seems to have fizzled <<
Lots of hot shit has 'fizzled'...Financially...Is that all there is? If thats all there is my friends lets keep dancing:)
Quantum key transport is sizzling,get yer Qrypto on!
 >>crappy state of crypto in software. <<
Dontcha mean the crappy state of software in crypto?
 >>Microsoft is really good at this one. The number of times they re-used RC4 keys in different protocols is amazing! <<
Stuff recycling.Wheres judge jackson when you need him! The most famous applied cryptographer is still in business,last I heard from my beantown mate.Don't worry,be WAPpy.

@_date: 1999-05-05 16:12:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Warning,read at own RIskCO. 
Is there an UNDERlawyered.com?
9TH Circus Federal Court
!!! PUBLIC DEFENDER MALFEASANCE !!!

@_date: 1999-05-05 16:41:07
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Borderhack! NO ONE IS ILLEGAL  
Older Features | Newswire | Publish | Links | About
U.S. - MEXICO: NO ONE IS ILLEGAL  Aug 15 2002
  'Borderhack!' Hits San Diego and Tijuana
Borderhack! forms part of the 'No one is illegal' chain of bordercamps, which have been held on various national borders throughout Europe since 1998. From August 16-18, a camp will be established in Tijuana, Mexico next to the border fence. The event will include a campground on the beach, conferences, expositions of photography, digital art, documentaries, and interactive multimedia. The festival will also operate online, transmitting live video feeds, net radio, website updates. A similar camp titled 'Una festival de resistencia contra la frontera' examining similar issues will be held at the same time in Nogales, Sonora and Arizona.
In San Diego County, the INS and the U.S. Border Patrol are planning to complete the final stages of a three-tiered fence at the U.S.-Mexico border. The fence would run from the ocean eastward destroying environmental and cultural resources. In addition to the borderhack! festival, numerous groups are calling attention to border issues, including the Southwest Alliance to Resist Militarization.
Further coverage on these issues can be found in the July26 and July 21 features on the bordercamp in Strasbourg, and the June 7 feature on the No Border movement.
[ San Diego IMC | Tijuana CMI | Arizona IMC ]

@_date: 1999-05-05 21:33:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hasn't Bosnia suffered enough? 
In May, 2002, Mr. Allen travelled to Bosnia at the request of U.S. and European officials of the George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies to share his experiences as a local prosecutor with foreign officials on meeting threats posed by white collar criminals. As the only American prosecutor chosen, Mr. Allen worked with Bosnian prosecutors, judges and lawmakers in their review of laws in the war-torn country attacking corruption, fraud and money laundering. Afterwards, he and the Bosnian representatives discussed the merits of adopting some aspects of the American criminal justice system, including grand juries, in dealing with white collar crime there.
"At a time when we are reminded that the stability of far away places can have a direct impact on the security of our nation, it is important to have an American leader come to Bosnia to share insights into the values and rule of law that serve as the cornerstones of democracy and freedom. Mr. Allen made a tremendous contribution toward these goals in Bosnia," said Alan G. Gorowitz, a Plans Officer for the George C. Marshall Center.
Mike and his wife Lisa (Magistrate, Hamilton County Municipal Court), live with their two children, Michael Jr. and Cora, in Miami Township.
Contact Information:
Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office
230 E. Ninth Street, Suite 4000
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Voice - (513) 946-3000
Fax - (513) 946-3017
APster; reach out and kill someone.

@_date: 1999-05-05 22:38:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Manhattan Madrassass Murder Mystery. 
Faith-Based Initiatives
The Manhattan Institute’s Jeremiah Project is an effort to study, promote and replicate the work inner-city ministers are doing in reducing youth violence and restoring civil society to urban communities across America.
Dr. John DiIulio founded the project while he was a Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute. Through this effort, the Institute conducts research, hosts conferences and shares information on these faith-based organizations in order to highlight and replicate the most successful efforts around the country. We methodically research their efficacy in the areas of youth violence, drug addiction, teenage pregnancy, illiteracy, joblessness and other social ills that remain so heavily concentrated in predominantly minority, inner-city neighborhoods.
Last year the Institute released two new studies on faith-based organizations, in conjunction with the University of Pennsylvania’s Center for Research on Religion and Urban Civil Society. Good Dads: Religion, Civic Engagement, and Paternal Involvement in Low-Income Communities by W. Bradford Wilcox shows that residential fathers who are involved in religious organizations are significantly more likely to spend time with their children and be involved in their children’s activities. The Role of African-American Churches in Reducing Crime Among Black Youth, by Dr. Byron Johnson, the current Director of the Jeremiah Project, determines that religious involvement by African-American youth significantly shields them from the effects of neighborhood disorder and decay and reduces the potential that they will turn to crime.
Our 1998 conference, Can Churches Save the Inner City?, highlighted scientific evidence showing that religious belief and involvement reduces juvenile criminality. In 1999, we featured five successful Washington, D.C. – based ministries at Faith-Based Approaches to Saving Our Capital’s Youth, an event we co-sponsored with Empower America. And in 2000, we joined Reverend Herbert H. Lusk, II of the Greater Exodus Baptist Church in Philadelphia to host a roundtable entitled Religious Leaders in the Public Theres more,50 million taxpayers have already been released.Should buy a few Koran's.

@_date: 1999-05-05 23:26:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Geektavists considered harmful. 
Honeywell in Vietnam with the phoenix program.Nuclear launch codes,PROMIS,the rush of Gadarene geeks to the homeland security troughs here and in places like China with its  Golden shield...I wish the fuck geeks would stay the hell out of politics.
 >>If inventing future technologies makes it more difficult for governments to levy high taxes and enforce laws banning consensual activities, well, that's a far more dramatic change than we can ever hope to accomplish through the political process. In other words, I trust the laws of mathematics more than I trust laws created by politicians. Obviously, as I said earlier ( I don't recommend giving up on all forms of non-coding activism. But let's evaluate the costs and benefits, and recognize when our efforts could be better spent elsewhere. -Declan <<
Even a CATO cuckoo clocks right twice a day.

@_date: 1999-05-06 05:38:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Oppressive Fraud at the Heart of Psychiatry 
Below article highly critical of psychiatric system was FORWARDED with permission of author.
MORE ON
'I Was Told To Dope My Kid'
"A 12-year-old upstate boy says the trusted educators in his local school forced him to take a cocktail of drugs that turned him into a psychotic who heard voices in his head. The boy, Michael Mozer, plans to sue the school officials who went so far as to file a medical-neglect and child-abuse complaint against his mother with the state's Department of Children and Family Services after she stopped the medication. They even banned him from attending classes unless he was drugged and then accused his mother, Patricia Weathers, of educational neglect." [...]
( read more (8 comments) )

@_date: 1999-05-06 06:37:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: A Republic of weeds and insects. 
Weeds get boost from GM crops
'Weeds become stronger and fitter by cross-breeding with genetically engineered crops, US researchers have shown for the first time. And at the same time, a team in France has demonstrated how easily weeds might be able to swap genes with the GM strains of sugar beet already in field trials' ( New Scientist )
See also this Guardian write-through, this BBC article, this FOE press release, and this blog entry from last week.LINKS?
India: KRRS Activists Destroy Bt Cotton in Davanagere
posted by Chuck0 on Friday August 16 2002 @ 10:28AM PDT
  of the Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha (KRRS) destroyed Bt cotton cultivated in an area of two acres at Rudranakatte near here on Sunday. The activists led by KRRS President Prof M D Nanjundaswamy convinced the farmers before destroying the crops. Security was tightened in the village to prevent any untoward incident. However, the police could not take any steps against the activists as they destroyed the crops after convincing the farmers. [...]
( read more -- comment )

@_date: 1999-05-06 06:39:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Brinworld Factoids. 
Crime prevention effects of closed circuit television: a systematic review 'Across the three settings, mixed results were found for the crime prevention effectiveness of CCTV. In the city centre and public housing setting, there was evidence that CCTV led to a negligible reduction in crime of about two per cent in experimental areas compared with control areas. CCTV had a very small but significant effect on crime in the five UK evaluations in this setting (three desirable and two undesirable), but had no effect on crime in the four North American evaluations. More schemes showed evidence of diffusion of benefits than displacement. The four evaluations of CCTV in public transportation systems present conflicting evidence of effectiveness: two found a desirable effect, one found no effect, and one found an undesirable effect on crime ... it was noteworthy that the poorly controlled (excluded) studies produced more desirable results than the better controlled (included) studies'
( UK Home Office )
See also this NACRO briefing (PDF) from May
LINKS at

@_date: 1999-05-06 06:41:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hicks,Habib.HABEUS CORPUS you FUCKING NAZI"S. 
Presumption of Guilt: Human Rights Abuses of Post-September 11 Detainees
'The veil of secrecy the Department of Justice has wrapped around the post-September 11 detainees reflects a stunning disregard for the democratic principles of public transparency and accountability. The Department of Justice has sought to shield itself from scrutiny by keeping from the public information that is indispensable to determining the extent to which its September 11 investigation has been conducted in accordance with US law and international human rights law' ( Human Rights Watch )
See also this press release, this Toronto Globe & Mail coverage, this BBC article, this article by Robert Fisk, and this commentary by Jonathan Turley

@_date: 1999-05-06 06:54:49
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "There's a chance that APster can monetize peer-to-peer 
Spread betting,stiff.com,anonymous credit cards,maybe things don't look so How many laws can law enforcement officers break in order to catch a crook?
Wonder if they'll swap someone for Hanssen?
Homeland security down the SSL memory hole.Check yr Locks.
APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 1999-05-06 07:11:04
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Vultures over Redmond. 
They look like penguins actually.
The access terminal they couldn't kill."Linux is getting a serious look in corporate America as an alternative operating system."
Shades of "twighlight of the crypto-geeks!" OPEN SOURCE COMMUNISTS!
I better take some valium,this could be a bumpy flight.
The real blood in the water is the way security flaws are handled at Ballmers boneyard.

@_date: 1999-05-06 07:33:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "...collapse of confidence in the president" 
Lets hope so,its long overdue...
Richard Perle, a former Reagan official who now heads a Pentagon
advisory board.
He told The New York Times that President Bush had to take out Saddam because he had said he would. Mr Perle said: "The failure to take on Saddam after what the president said would produce such a collapse of confidence in the president that it would set back the war on terrorism."
Pretzel head says something,so it must happen!? WTF!
The au defence minister has tipped off Saddam that the attacks next year while half the country doesn't want us to go.
"The Federal Government is struggling to convince the public about Australian involvement in any military action against Iraq, a national poll has revealed.
The survey, carried out by UMR Research, showed less than a third of respondents believed Australia should commit troops to a United States-led offensive, despite the Howard administration's pro-Washington stance."
Meanwhile 2 au citizens,Hicks and Habib are in x-ray,no habeaus corpus.No INALIENABLE human and civil rights.A crime by the US against au citizens.

@_date: 1999-05-06 07:56:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Fwd: Make a will and get on the electoral roll.  
Sex scandal at st Catherines-"a grose cover up."
APster may be required following the collapse of Govts.

@_date: 1999-05-06 08:07:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: La Grande Bouffe. 
I saw this movie in 1978 and I've remembered it all these years. A very funny, gross movie for all of us who have ever pigged out.pr.
Meat you in the garden.
"...I'm not a big fan of Marco Ferreri's work. I think he was quite irregular in his output, but when he hit the mark he was simply second to none. For me, this "La Grande Bouffe" and "L'Ape Regina" ("The Queen Bee" or "The Conjugal Bed", 1963, with Ugo Tognazzi and Marina Vlady) are among the best examples of black comedy ever to be given us by filmmakers anywhere in the world. His choice of actors couldn't be better: Mastroianni, Piccoli, Noiret and Tognazzi will be forever among the greatest in this trade, and in "La Grande Bouffe" all of them give us one of the finest of their efforts ever."

@_date: 1999-05-06 08:29:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Proff to Proff.POP. 
Why we need, and will have, P2P
The potential of P2P seems to be immense -MORE.
  Copyright and the Internet: Just Say No to Hollywood
   Peer-to-peer battle gets personal
   File sharing digs in Down Under
   Aussies on IM, P2P security fix list?
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead

@_date: 1999-05-06 08:37:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Registration required considered harmful. 
If not quite insane...
Homeland Protection Pro mag won't take subs from just anyone
Michael Miner says the premise behind Homeland Protection Professional is that government agencies no longer can afford to disdain one another. Circulation is controlled for now, but if subscriptions are eventually offered, "we won't take (them) from everyone who sends in a check," says editor Scott Baltic, who launched the magazine this week. He also doesn't want terrorists getting ideas from his Web site, so stories won't be posted until the magazine can come up with an unbreakable pass code. "Am I being paranoid?" asks Baltic. "Yes, I'm probably being a little paranoid." PLUS: Miner on the Trib's Chicago mag buy: "Think of Chicago as the Chicago Cubs of city magazines: a local favorite gobbled up for reasons of synergy -- in this case all on the advertising end -- that will never be allowed to become embarrassingly bad or expensively good." (Chicago Reader)
SEEN AT

@_date: 1999-05-06 09:05:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Greplaw touching Cpunk base's. 
Several articles of interest.I'm grepping all the law I can prior to s11.
Is the Golden Shield heading south?
Vietnam may restrict Internet access
HANOI (August 16, 5:40 p.m. EDT) - Communist Vietnam is planning moves to tighten online access and hold Internet cafe owners responsible for patrons who surf anti-government or pornographic Web sites, state media said Friday.
Just saw shrub,dude looks sick! Strife over Iraq insanity taking its toll?
Your pappy actually fought in a war sonny,give it up faggot.

@_date: 1999-05-06 09:11:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jeff Gordon-all your missing computers are belong to us. 
WASHINGTON (August 16, 2002 6:21 p.m. EDT) - Another big batch of government computers has gone missing, this time at the Internal Revenue Service, and they could hold private taxpayer data such as Social Security numbers and bank account information.
An audit released Thursday shows the IRS is unable to account for an unknown number of the 6,600 laptop and desktop computers loaned to volunteers who assist low-income, disabled, non-English speaking and older people with their tax returns.
The audit follows similar reports that the Customs Service had lost track of some 2,000 computers and that the Justice Department was unable to find 400. An audit this summer of other IRS programs indicated 2,300 computers were missing.
Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa, senior Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, said in a letter to the White House that the latest disclosure cries out for a "government-wide effort" to prevent computers from being lost, stolen or misplaced.
"I'm worried that just as dryers have a knack of making socks disappear, the federal government has discovered a core competency of losing computers," Grassley wrote White House budget chief Mitch Daniels.
John Dalrymple, commissioner of the IRS Wage and Investment Division, said the agency's management "recognized that inadequate internal controls and accountability over computers were areas that needed dramatic improvement."
The latest audit, from the Treasury Department's tax inspector general, examined computer equipment loaned by the IRS in 2001 for the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance and Tax Counseling for the Elderly program. About 1.1 million returns were prepared under the two programs, including 700,000 that were filed electronically.
Auditors could not account for 93 percent of computers when doing a random check of a central IRS inventory database. While that does not automatically mean the computers were lost or stolen, there is no way to be Even more troubling is that missing computers could contain private taxpayer data. "Information on tax forms is regarded as a prime target for identity thieves," the audit says.
In addition, the IRS could not guarantee that such information had been removed from the computer hard drives at the end of April as required.
In response, IRS officials said an inventory and consolidation of the equipment should be completed by July 2003 and that instructions have already been issued to managers to make sure taxpayer files are deleted. The agency promised a list of other improvements, some begun before the audit was made public.
Despite the agency's pledge to do better, Grassley noted that the IRS has not always taken corrective actions recommended by previous audits. "I am concerned that words are matched by deeds," Grassley said in separate letter to the IRS asking for notification when various actions are completed.
Like when its really goodnight for joshua.

@_date: 1999-05-06 09:35:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: APster; absurdly inexpensive. 
The blossoming of the Internet and its universal adoption have reinforced a trend toward interdependence of the world's political, economic and social That increasing interdependence, however, becomes frightening when one considers that a next-generation cyber terrorist will likely not represent an aggressive world power.
In terms of present-day vulnerability, such a terrorist could simply be a lone fanatic wielding a laptop. And the damage could be staggering.
'Asymmetric Warfare'
A study by the Rand Corporation in the mid-1990s found that it would be absurdly inexpensive to embark upon a cyber war.
The military call it "asymmetric warfare," which means that the disadvantaged side must use unconventional weapons against the wealthier side if it is to have any chance of winning.
Any country that can scrape together the price of a computer manual and that has a basic understanding of information systems infrastructure can train and motivate a misguided "patriot."
Anonymous Warfare
Due to recent advances in "attack technology," cyber warfare can be waged remotely and anonymously. This approach would make it much harder to find an attacker than it is, for example, to root out Al Qaeda forces along the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan.
"Because of the advances in attack technology , a single attacker can relatively easily employ a large number of distributed systems to launch devastating attacks against a single victim," according to a report by the Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT), a major center for Internet security at Carnegie Mellon University.
"As the automation of deployment and the sophistication of attack tool management both increase, the asymmetric nature of the threat will continue to grow," the report said.
After calling a net scare alert that tanked the Fucking Bungling Imbeciles are asking for help...begging for help.
Ryans got 4 kids to support,like some taxi driver on Mars.

@_date: 1999-05-06 09:59:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cpunk's need bussing/Quota's to be credible. 
Hey fuck you if you cant take a joke...
The United States continues to dominate the Internet population with 166 million users, or 30 percent of the total, followed by Europe with 24 percent, Asia-Pacific with 14 percent and Latin America with 3 percent. Germany, with 32 million users, the United Kingdom, with 29 million, and Italy, with 22 million, are among the largest non-U.S. markets
Worldwide, Hong Kong residents are embracing broadband at a rate far higher than people who live anywhere else. About two-thirds of all Hong Kong Web users have high-speed connections, compared with just 17 percent in the United States.
Mr lee's greater Hong Kong,don't mind us rats.
Meanwhile, NetRatings said in a separate report that traffic to home and real estate sites has been peaking of late as mortgage rates continue to drop. Century21.com saw a 25 percent increase in traffic between the first and second quarters of this year, while Homestore.com (Nasdaq: HOMS) saw a 12 percent gain.
Retail sites also saw gains, driven largely by promotions and back-to-school shopping. OldNavy.com was up 56 percent, with 35 percent of all visitors registering for a chance to win US$10,000. A similar sweepstakes at CompUSA.com helped that site see a 43 percent jump in traffic.
Report: Teens and Kids Potential Online Gold Mine
China Surpassing Japan in PCs, Internet Use
How Worldwide Is the Web?
The World Map of E-Commerce
Report: Global Internet Is Male-Dominated
Stay incredible,its more fun.We could bigger than Enron.

@_date: 1999-05-06 10:11:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The greatest architects. 
Minar Sinan ; chief architect in the Ottoman court from 1539 until his death in 1588. He constructed or designed most of Sulayman I's buildings, the most noted of which is his mosque (c.1557) in Istanbul, where he is buried. It has four minarets and stained-glass windows flanking the mihrab. The mosque (1614) of Sultan Ahmed I is similarly distinguished by its dome lit by numerous windows, and wall surfaces covered with green and blue tiles. Fine ornate buildings were erected in Turkey until the middle of the 17th cent.
It was Shah Jahan (1628–58) who perfected Mughal architecture and erected at Agra its most noble and famous building, the tomb of his favorite wife, which is known as the Taj Mahal. A huge white marble building of simple, symmetrical plan, it is inlaid with colorful semiprecious materials and is set in an equally beautiful and symmetrical garden. The Taj Mahal continues the tradition of Mughal garden tombs, of which Humayun's tomb was the first. Shah Jahan established (1638) Delhi as his capital and built there the famous Red Fort, which contained the imperial Mughal palace. Painting also flourished during Shah Jahan's reign. Portraiture was most highly developed at his sophisticated court, and ink drawings were of high quality.

@_date: 1999-05-06 10:30:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Earliest recorded treatment for the insane.(with music) 
Darusifa, an ancient medical asylum where the earliest recorded treatment of insane patients with music was practiced.
Should we look to the end of the American empire in the fall of the Ottomans,NOT the romans.The US and the Ottomans are certainly religious fools with succession problems...The Ottomans: Origins
... Since the crown was falling to individuals that had been imprisoned much if not most
of their lives, the Ottoman state saw a succession of mad Sultans and the ...
 - 18k - Cached - Similar pages
Imprisoned much of his life,surrounded by eunuchs,what else should we expect from shrub but fatuous idiocy.He knows that himself yet as he is such a moral degenerate he cannot be permitted to live.(my10 cents my 2 cents is free.)

@_date: 1999-05-06 11:12:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Is Salon getting buggier than a 20$ Ho? 
First Salon,now nando,where's this beancounting BS going to stop? navigating Salon now is worse than incestrapezoo.org.Pop tarts,mousetraps,browserjackers,you name it,just as I wrote that I had to break off and close down some yuppie blipvert,FUCK SALON.WHERES the LOVE!
Aug. 15, 2002 | In July, 2001, a group of retired diplomats from the United States, Iran, Pakistan and Russia gathered in Berlin to discuss the future of Afghanistan, one of several brainstorming sessions about that troubled country sponsored by the United Nations last year. During the days, the men met in tony hotel conference rooms. At night, they shared drinks or dinner. And during every discussion, the diplomats focused on the Taliban -- how to make the radical Muslim group form a broad-based government, and give up Osama bin Laden, who was suspected of masterminding several terrorist attacks.
These facts about the Berlin meeting are not in dispute. Everything else is. Exactly what was said in Berlin and how it was translated to the Taliban has become the centerpiece of a vast dispute about the Bush administration, Osama bin Laden and the buildup to the Sept. 11 attacks. On the left, it has become an article of faith for many that the U.N.-sponsored meetings were part of a concerted Bush administration effort to push for an oil and gas pipeline through Afghanistan. When the talks fell apart, it's been alleged, the administration used the diplomats to issue a military threat, which was carried back to the Taliban. Bin Laden, the theory goes, then decided to strike first, making the Sept. 11 attacks not a random act of terrorist violence, but rather a pre-emptive strike -- a calculated response to the Bush administration's love of oil, and its irresponsible sabre-rattling in pursuit of it.
That tangled theory mostly hinges on one source: Niaz Naik,a member of the Pakistani delegation to the U.N. talks, who told the British press two weeks after Sept. 11 that the United States had issued a military threat at the meetings.
SALON you cockteasing butt ugly HO! The taliban were sounding out the west prior to s11.In spite of their Saudi like state security and cultural vandalism,they might have been approachable.Certainly some money changed hands to burn off a little surplus smack.Make up your motherfucking mind SALON,do you want to be the grey lady or the downmarket HUSTLER? The way your going you'll wind up the grey bag lady who used to be a Hustler cover girl.We do not have endless patience,SALON!

@_date: 1999-05-06 11:16:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Top Arms Importers to watch.Spread betting soon at stiffs.com. 
War IS the health of the State.
UAE, India, China among top arms purchasers: Report
IANS [ SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 2002 12:19:58
WASHINGTON: The United Arab Emirates (UAE) ranked first among developing nations importing arms during 1998-2001, with its purchases totalling $10.8 billion, while India was second with $7.2 billion and China third with $6.7 billion.A new report released by the Congressional Research Service (CRS) that gave these figures, however, says global arms sales to developing nations in 2001 fell by approximately 43 per cent to $15.9 billion compared with $28 billion in 2000."Despite global changes since the Cold War's end, the developing world continues to be the primary focus of foreign arms sales activity by conventional weapons suppliers," it says. "Most recently," the report recalls, "many developing nations have curtailed their expenditures on weaponry primarily due to their limited financial resources" and "the tenuous state of the global economy."It says the decline in conventional weapons sales to developing countries in 2001 was the first since 1997. Sales in 1999 were $25.2 billion, in 1998 $18.3 billion, and in 1997 $19.4 billion. "To meet their military requirements, in current circumstances, a number of developing nations have placed a greater emphasis on upgrading existing weapons systems while deferring the purchases of new and costlier ones," according to the CRS report."These countries have also, in several instances, chosen to focus on the absorption of major items previously obtained." The US-led arms sales to developing countries in 2001, making agreements worth approximately $6.9 billion, down from $12.9 billion in 2000, followed by Russia with $5.7 billion, down from $8.3 billion, France with $400 million, down from $2.1 billion, and China with $600 million, down from $624 million."Many weapons exporting nations have continued to focus their sales efforts on nations and regions where they have distinct competitive advantages due to longstanding political and military relationships with prospective buyers," the CRS report says."Within Europe, the potential exists for a series of new arms sales to nations that were formerly part of the Warsaw Pact and are now members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), or have membership in prospect." The report also notes that new arms sales are most likely to occur in the Middle East, Asia and Latin America over the next few years. "A significant factor will be the health of the international economy," it says.

@_date: 1999-05-06 11:36:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Arbusto economics;$700 billion last year-- these are the Bush 
Ross motherfucker Perot will be driving back from palookaville with digital deficit counter soon,I can feel it in my water.
Weimer republic time-get your wheelbarrows on.
Can the Gimp in chief make the case on Iraq?
Maybe if offered an extra pretzel.hey Chimp boy remember this one?
To suggest that the events and full story of Operation EAGLE CLAW / EVENING LIGHT are not historically important or significant would be inappropriate. It's more important to note and to remember that on April 24,1980, Eight RH-53D Sea Stallions took off from the flight deck of USS Nimitz. The mission of the RH-53D's and their mixed Navy and Marine Corp crews was to rendezvous with Air Force MC-130E Hercules aircraft and U.S. Army Delta Force troops at a secret place in Iran known as Desert One.
The full accounting of the whole mission of Operation EAGLE CLAW / EVENING LIGHT remain with those hero's that were involved with the operation. On April 25, 1980, the mission was aborted at the desert refueling site. Subsequently, one of the helicopters collided with a C-130 Hercules aircraft resulting in the loss of eight lives. All other personnel were evacuated by the remaining C-130's.
It's now over nineteen years since Operation EAGLE CLAW / EVENING LIGHT and I'm ashamed to admit that I cannot remember the names of those that died in the desert. That is not to suggest that I took part in the operation, because like most of you, I was safely back home in the United States second guessing what really happened.
Barry W. Marple
President, AMCM Association

@_date: 1999-05-06 12:14:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "People should be allowed to express their opinion"The Thief. 
Its their INALIENABLE human and civil right,you fucking MAJOR LEAGUE ASSHOLE!
Kill the president...please.
Tensions Surface in U.S.-Egyptian Relations
The Bush administration has announced that it is withholding further aid to Egypt. The move is highly unusual because Egypt is such an important Arab ally.Not so unusual when you examine the Sadat solution.(Jordan's king dick just abolished elections,isn't it all just going swimmingly while shrubs away?)
Opposition to a U.S. attack on Iraq is increasingly being voiced internationally and within Washington. Despite the divisions it is causing, the Bush administration is not abandoning its strategy because it sees a successful campaign against Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein as a prime way to shatter the psychological advantage within the Islamist movement and demonstrate U.S. power.
The diplomatic and political walls began to close in on the Bush administration's Iraq policy last week. First, German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder very publicly announced something Berlin had been saying privately for years: The German government wants no part in any invasion of Iraq. Then Republican House majority leader Dick Armey said he saw little justification for an Iraqi operation.
Schroeder's stance may be mainly a political ploy aimed at Germany's Sept. 22 elections as he currently is trailing conservative challenger Edmund Stoiber, who has taken a more pro-U.S. military stance. But Washington must still take seriously the opposition to an Iraq campaign within the German government and populace. Germany is a key staging area for U.S. forces. There are pre-positioned equipment and forces based in the country that undoubtedly would be needed for any attack. Depending on the opposition, U.S. bases in Germany might not be available for use.
The statement from Armey also means that in addition to expected opposition from liberals, Bush could face the same from his own political base. At this point it seems there are very few outside the Bush administration who want an Iraq invasion, with the possible exception of the British government and Israel.And au.To our eternal shame in spite of our puppet leaders asslicking of arbusto that goes back to CIA sabotage and interferance leading to a coup in 75,when the present leader became treasurer,a position with implied leadership expectations attached.Dont blame the au people for the sick twists foisted on them by rogue terror states like the US.
Thats my opinion,sit on it and rotate shrub,you motherfucking WEED! GO DIE!
BEFORE we KILL YOU! To gain a psychological advantage you have to have half a fucking brain.

@_date: 1999-05-06 12:28:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Criminal proceedings against two FBI Special Agents 
"If the Russian hackers are sentenced on the basis of information obtained by the Americans through hacking, that will imply the future ability of U.S. secret services to use illegal methods in the collection of information in Russia and other countries."
--The Russian FSB (who have begun criminal proceedings against two FBI Special Agents)
24 year veteran hits the booz...Counterterror Chief to Retire From FBI Post
.....Dale L. Watson, a 24-year veteran who has overseen the FBI's investigations into the Sept. 11 attacks and the anthrax mailings, will leave his post as executive assistant director to take a global security job with Booz Allen Hamilton, a McLean-based management consulting firm, officials said yesterday.....(Washington Post, 16 Aug 02)
Shootout at the CIA corral...Man Who Shot 5 at CIA Loses On Appeal
A three-judge panel denied an appeal yesterday by Mir Aimal Kasi, who is facing a death sentence for the 1993 shootings outside CIA headquarters that left two people dead and three wounded....(Washington Post, 16 Aug 02)
Dale,stale...Antiterror Chief Quits F.B.I., Which Gets New Deputy
......In announcing Mr. Watson's retirement, Mr. Mueller also said that he had selected Bruce J. Gebhardt as the bureau's new deputy director, its No. 2 post. Mr. Gebhardt, who is the executive assistant director for criminal investigations at the F.B.I., worked closely with Mr. Mueller in the late 1990's in San Francisco when Mr. Mueller was United States attorney for Northern California and Mr. Gebhardt was in charge of the F.B.I.'s San Francisco field office......(New York Times, 16 Aug 02)
FBI Counterterrorism Chief Leaves
The FBI counterterrorism chief who helped lead the government's efforts to prevent another devastating attack on America is stepping down....(AP, 15 Aug 02)
You cant break the law to catch lawbreakers,can you?
FBI agent charged with hacking
In a first in the rapidly evolving field of cyberspace law, Russia’s counterintelligence service on Thursday filed criminal charges against an FBI agent it says lured two Russian hackers to the United States, then illegally seized evidence against them by downloading data from their computers in Chelyabinsk, Russia.....(MSNBC, 16 Aug 02)
FSB Calls FBI Agent an Illegal Hacker
Hacking the hackers is a crime, according to an FSB officer who has charged the FBI with using illegal methods to snare two young Russians who were arrested in the United States......(Moscow Times, 16 Aug 02)
FSB raps FBI for hacking Russian hackers
Russia’s domestic intelligence service has accused an FBI official of an unauthorized incursion into Russian computer networks in an attempt to procure evidence proving the guilt of two Russian hackers charged by the US on over 20 counts of computer-related crime, the Federal Security Service (FSB) said on Thursday......(Gazeta.Ru, 16 Aug 02)
One stop spook shop.
Japan readying for launch of 1st spy satellites
Japan's plan to set up a system of reconnaissance satellites to monitor military movements in East Asia will get off the ground in November, when the Cabinet Satellite Information Center starts operations of the system's nerve center in Tokyo.....(Japan Today, 16 Aug 02)
Bullets and leaks at PM’s investigation
FURTHER controversy surrounded the committee investigating the past secret service activities of Prime Minister Péter Medgyessy, with László Balogh, its chairman, announcing he had discovered a live bullet in his office, and Hungarian newspaper Népszabadság alleging that committee experts Sebestyén Gorka and Gábor Kisely had been fingered by the secret services as potential security risks.....(Budapest Sun, 15 Aug 02)
Nobody does it better?
.......You can’t enter a multiplex without finding some secret agent, undercover operative or impossibly cool superhero who doesn’t owe a debt to our man with the Martini and Walther PPK......(London Times, 15 Aug 02)
Section 25,paragraph 5,need to know.

@_date: 1999-05-06 12:34:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Suicide Saudi Style 
Why people commit suicide?
Bushra Al-Sibaie/Okaz
We read reports of suicides in local newspapers almost every day. Some of the people who kill themselves are foreign maidservants.
Why do they go to such extremes? Authorities must find out the reasons and deal with them seriously.
They should announce the factors that forced some expatriate workers to end their lives, even if they expose some of our failings.
Foreign maidservants are not the only people who are driven to such desperation. The number of Saudi youths committing suicide is growing day by day. Authorities attribute these cases to economic woes and lack of strong Islamic faith. But there are many other reasons.
We should not run away from this problem by saying that the number of suicide cases in the Kingdom is far less compared to Western countries. Such comments will not solve the problem.
Social situations in the Kingdom and Western countries are different. In the West, children commit suicide because of the negligence or failure of families to take care of their youngsters.
In our society, it is just the opposite, increasing family pressure, especially from fathers who want to impose their will on their sons, ignoring the latter’s wishes. The prevailing culture in our society demand that sons act like an extension of their fathers.
Fathers impose their views on everything from academic specialization to selection of brides, etc. Some children may not like it. So in many cases families are responsible for pushing their children to end their lives. In such cases anger, protest or revenge takes the form of suicide.
Feeling suicidal? have a beef sandwich.
JEDDAH, 17 August — The Ministry of Commerce has destroyed 300 kilos of banned frozen meat imported from a European country.
Mohammed Al-Harbi, director of the ministry’s office in Jeddah, told Arab News that the meat was impounded at Jeddah Islamic Port.
“The consignment was checked by the customs department and was found that it was imported from a European country,” he said. “We rejected the trader’s proposal to donate the meat to the International Islamic Relief Organization,” he added. However, the ministry gave the trader a choice of either re-exporting the meat or destroying it. A team was later formed with representatives from the ministry, customs department and port to destroy the consignment.
The ministry had slapped a blanket ban on meat imports from 15 European countries following reports that they used artificial hormones — which cause cancer and infertility — as fodder.
Al-Harbi called upon businessmen not to import any meat products from Europe to avoid financial losses. “They should also contact the ministry before they import any foodstuff and other consumer items from foreign countries,” he added.
The ministry had earlier banned beef and sheep meat imports from all European countries without exception fearing the spread of mad cow disease.

@_date: 1999-05-06 12:43:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: President for life. 
Niazov accepts yet another honour, but not everyone in Turkmenistan is By Nyazik Ataeva in Ashgabat (RCA No. 137, 13-Aug-02)
Turkmenistan's authoritarian president, Saparmurat Niazov, has been appointed head of state for the rest of his life - and has promptly renamed the months of the year after himself and his family.
Niazov - who likes to be called Turkmenbashi, Father of all Turkmens - was selected at a session of the Khalk Maslakhaty, or people's council, on August 8 in Turkmenabat, formerly known as Chardjou, in the east of the A 1999 law had given Turkmenbashi the right to remain in his post indefinitely but with provision for future elections, which the president had suggested could be held sometime between 2008 and 2010. The new life status awarded by the council rules out all possibility of future polls. "With long and excited applause, delegates to the supreme governmental body literally forced Niazov to accept the title of president for life," the official news bulletins claimed.
Tajikistan's warming up nicely as well and all but don't let arbusto see Turkmenistan: Niazov Pulls The Plug on Cable
President switches off cable network after a series of broadcasts highly critical of the authorities.
One minute were talking th-

@_date: 1999-05-06 12:51:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Post S11 tourism push. 
Fingerprint matching to start 9/11
Starting Sept. 11, hundreds of foreign visitors will be fingerprinted and photographed by immigration inspectors
For air traffic controllers, a historic achievement
BY Alan Levin, USA Today
Aug. 13, 2002   Printing? Use this version.
Email this to a friend.
On a typical summer day, a thunderstorm somewhere sends air traffic controllers scrambling. Even a small storm can disrupt the meticulous choreography of flights from coast to coast.
Now, imagine violent weather blanketing the entire country. That, in a nutshell, is what the U.S. aviation system faced on Sept. 11 after officials ordered all planes to land.
Never before had the air traffic system responded to so many problems occurring simultaneously. For individual air traffic controllers, the work was chaotic and intense but straightforward: Pick a new route for each flight. Radio instructions to turn. Hold traffic to keep airways from But collectively, landing nearly 4,500 planes was a massive undertaking and a historic achievement. It required intense cooperation, swift decision-making and the unflinching work of thousands of people. Across the nation, controllers searched for alternate airports to land large jets even as their traumatized colleagues streamed back from break rooms after watching the attacks on TV.
A bit of luck helped, too. The weather across the country was excellent: There were few actual storms to deal with. The attacks occurred before most of the first wave of flights took off on the West Coast. By late afternoon, there would have been as many as 7,500 aircraft aloft.
Yet everyone agrees the system, criticized for years for flight delays and computer problems, performed admirably on Sept. 11.
On a normal day, about 20 aircraft each hour are rerouted to new destinations because of emergencies or bad weather. On Sept. 11, controllers rerouted more than 1,100 flights in the first 15 minutes after the order to land the fleet was issued at 9:45 a.m. — more than one every In all, about 3,300 commercial and 1,200 private planes were ordered to land by U.S. and Canadian authorities that day. Almost 75% of those planes landed within just 60 minutes of the 9:45 order. Canadian controllers and airport managers cleared space in small airports north of the U.S. border for 252 jets arriving from Europe and Asia.
During the morning, each part of the nation required its own battle plan:
·       New York air traffic officials shut down hundreds of miles of airspace almost immediately after the second hijacked jet struck the World Trade Center at 9:03 a.m.
·       In several air traffic facilities — including Boston, where two of the hijacked jets had taken off — controllers feared their own lives were in danger and evacuated.

@_date: 1999-05-06 18:30:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE TO CRYPTOGRAPHERS  
AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE TO CRYPTOGRAPHERS FROM THE 9th CIRCUS FERAL COURT
“I’m Stranger Here, Myself” — Part VI of The True Story Of The InterNet
Chapter 02C5: AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE TO CRYPTOGRAPHERS FROM THE 9th CIRCUS FERAL COURT
It has come to the attention of ‘Maybe I’m A Judge, Maybe I’m A Computer Program’ Arnold that quite a number of supposedly highly intelligent number-crunchers in the Cryptography Community are still mystified as to the Rapidity&OR&Rabidity of the assault which the Defarcement of (n)Ju$tice and the Ninth Circus Court launched on Bernstein, Bell and Toto, among others.
Perhaps a bit of straight-talk from those involved might help to clear things up.
U.$. Treasury Agent Jeff Gordon:
“Look, you fucking morons. When the IRS stomps the living shit out of some average John&OR&Jane Doe, fucking up their lives, their finances, their reputations and their future, do you think it’s because we give a FatRat’sAss about them?
“Buy a clue. ( The whole point of doing so, and making sure that it receives plenty of MainStreamDream Media coverage, is to scare the Living BeJesus out of the other J&OR&J Doe TaxPayers&Payers&Payers out there, and to serve notice that the Federal Government, the IRS in particular, is all powerful, and can crush Ewe like a bug whenever and wherever TheRoyalWe feel like it, and that Ewe are powerless to stop us.”
“So take a wild guess
 Do you think anybody really gave a FatRat’sAss about Bernstein’s nickel&dime handiwork? Who do Ewe think the real target was?”
[gNote from  : “Can Ewe say ‘Ewe?’
Sure, Ewe Can!”]
Assistant Federal Prosecutor Robb London:
“When Toto’s first words to the Ninth Circus Court were that he was ready to proceed and wanted to represent himself, why do you think he spent the next nine months being denied all of his constitutional rights, being subjected to medical abuse and physical torture in a PrisonForTheCriminallyInsane, just as the Secret Service had threatened, and then being tried and sentenced even after being found incompetent in the only competency hearing held by the Ninth Circus Court?
“Do you think it was because we gave a fat rat’s ass about him? Buy a fucking clue. ( We tried to plead him out to time served after we proved our point that we can do anything we want to anybody we want, and ScrewTheConstitution, but the fucking moron thought he was going to actually get a trial
“So take a wild guess
 Who do Ewe think we were really trying to send a message to?”
[gNote from  : If Ewe still need a hint, try asking Petite Minds Grand Jury Target William ‘I’m Sorry I Made A Perfectly Legal Post To The CypherPunks List’ H. Geiger III, or Adam ‘I Mathematically Proved That I Can Never Go To The U.$. Without Being Arrested’ Back.]
Feral Court Judge ‘Maximum’ Jack Tanner:
“Didn’t EweDumbBastards notice during Bell’s  ‘trial’  that even the MainStreamDream Media no longer bothers to pretend that there is any shred of constitutional grounds for my “bizarre,” “confusing” and “peculiar” rulings. Not only that, but no one even hints that anything should, or will, be done about the open travesties of justice that take place in my court.
“I’m fucking GOD! Do eWE The Sheeple think Ewe want to fuck with the Ninth Circus Court? Do Ewe feel Punk, Lucky? We’ll do you
Pubic Defender “Uncle Gene’ Grantham:
“Surely you folks don’t think that I publicly acknowledged on the InterNet that I never bothered to prepare for trial and lost key evidence by accident, do you? Do you think it was an ‘oversight’ on my part to reveal that I was illegally and unethically advising my client to plead guilty while publicly proclaiming my belief in his innocence?
“If I can get my erotic kicks ‘touching myself’ while listening to my clients relate the abuse and torture they are subjected to, and count on the Ninth Circus Judges to ignore Motions to the Court in regard to my Moral Turpitude, then who do Ewe think is supposed to take heed of the message being sent, here?”
Feral Court Judge Robert Bryan:
“Trying a case where the defendant is denied all of his or her constitutional rights is kind of like pitching a no-hitter, in the Ninth Circus Court. But to do it to a defendant that you have found incompetent, in your very first trial as a federal judge
 Well, let’s just say that if any of those smart-ass number-crunchers decide to fuck with the Ninth Circus Court, again, it won’t be because I didn’t warn them
Nobody at replay.com:
“The Ninth Circus Court has broken new ground, in ruling, in UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. CARL JOHNSON – NO. CR98-5393RJB, that emails written by Artificial Intelligence computer programs were evidence of the programs having acted with ‘intent and malice.’
The ‘Not Ready For Prime Numbers Players’ would like to thank those responsible for the first confirmation, by a U.$. Feral Court, of the creation of an Artificial Intelligence LifeForm found to be not only more ‘competent’ than some of its creators, and thus capable of assuming ‘responsibility’ for its actions, but also found capable of being a ‘true threat,’ according to Ninth Circus Court standards, to Feral employees and the Patron Saint of TouretTics, Wm. Gates III, who has made Cursors of us all.
eWe Applaud:
OtOt: For making his simpatico.ca account freely available, in an outstanding example of TrueAccess2Information, as the Grand Central Station Of CyberSpace.
Gori: For providing the AI Sperm for Arnold’s Spawn, and sharing Toto’s password with the Masses.
Leca: For holding Keys to Kingdoms he never suspected.
Dama: For mathematical proofs beyond number
The Killer Klowns of the Ninth Kirkus Kourt: For helping the ‘Fake A Wish’ foundation provide a poor disabled child named Toto with “The Trial Oswald Never Had.”

@_date: 1999-05-06 18:57:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AU Govt Dept accused of e-mail tapping. 
Allegations arising from FOI requests to the Dept for building and running electrified,razor beribboned Concentration Camps.Innocent Men,women and children are being held illegally and tortured in these remote HELLHOLES.They used to be run by the notorious Wackenhutt Corp.Now group 4.A crime against humanity.
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell."

@_date: 1999-05-06 19:19:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Armchair Activism sans APster. 
Armchair activism
By Maria Nguyen
August 16 2002
Good Friday. When the barbed wire fencing at Woomera's detention centre was cut loose and scaled by desperate detainees who quickly blended into a throng of supportive protesters, federal authorities and local police were almost powerless to curb the mass exodus.
Earlier, more than 1000 people from across the country had camped outside the small South Australian desert town to demonstrate against mandatory Even before images of the Woomera escape were televised to lounge rooms across Australia and the world, the Internet was feeding a global audience first-hand accounts of the week-long protest, billed the "Festival of Freedoms", which included photos and streaming audio and video clips of the Months earlier, the Woomera2002 Web site had issued a "global call to solidarity", inviting people from around the world to join the Australian Those who couldn't make it were able to follow events from their PC, via on-site audio and video feeds that were regularly uploaded on the activist media site, Indymedia. Meanwhile, Virtual People Smuggler had become the interactive forum for armchair activists from far flung places to pledge their support.
Increasingly, the Internet is proving itself as an empowering medium for activists who struggle against governments, global economic organisations and mega corporations.
Whether it's organising and mobilising real world demonstrations or providing an online alternative to participating in street protests, the Net has become a key weapon.
Its speed, global reach and uncontrolled nature makes it the perfect tool for small groups trying to establish networks of like-minded people across the globe and promote their agenda to effect social and political change.
"The computer screen is something that separates you from the real world but it
can also connect you to the real world," says Graham Meikle, associate lecturer in Media and Communications at Sydney's Macquarie University. "Using Internet technology allows you to make new connections with other people which wouldn't have been possible otherwise."
In his new book Future Active: Media Activism and the Internet (Pluto Press), Meikle describes the preparations for the WTO anti-globalisation protests in Seattle four years earlier as a significant example of the Net being used "to organise, publicise and mobilise". As well as complementing the fierce street demonstrations, the Internet was also used as a non-violent vehicle for dissent, or electronic civil disobedience, with email (described by Meikle as the "the killer app" for Internet activism), virtual sit-ins (causing Web traffic jams), and independent online media, the main tools of the online activist or "hactivist".
For activists such as Savanna (not her real name), a member of Sydney-based action group Cat at lyst - a collective of volunteers providing tech advice and support to activists seeking an online presence - the Net provides a convenient alternative to street demonstrations.
"I've been an activist for a long time but I've never felt comfortable protesting in the street. The Net allows me to contribute and make a difference in a way I'm more comfortable with - with the Internet there's always another way," Savanna says. "More and more people are turning to the Net. For example, to email politicians. They're also using it to organise protests when they do go to the streets."
And organising is what the Net does best according to Phil Griffiths from Canberra's Refugee Action Committee, a lobby group working to end mandatory detention in Australia.
"It's great as an organisational and mobilising tool - especially email, which is very important to our campaigns in terms of spreading information very fast and keeping activists in touch with one another," Griffiths says. "For instance, earlier this year when the hunger strikes were on at Woomera and other detention centres, we used our email network to organise a protest outside the Department of Immigration and Multicultural Affairs, which got 100 people at a lunchtime protest at two days notice."
Meikle also believes email is the most effective tool for Net activists. "It's simple and fast, cheap and effective. And the best activist Web sites are also like that - a local project like  for instance, is effective because it's very simple and direct," he says.
For others, however, cyberspace is the protest battleground itself. The popular weapon of choice is the virtual sit-in, also known as a client-side distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, where online protesters inundate a Web site's server with a constant stream of bogus requests, effectively slowing or shutting the site down.
In November 1999, when online toy store eToys Inc sued Zurich-based digital arts group etoy.com, a bitter online war broke out. Despite the fact that etoy.com was operating long before the American e-tailer went online, the Toy giant took legal action to stop the artists trading under the similar domain name, citing consumer confusion. Activist groups around the world were incensed. They saw it as a David and Goliath battle and embraced it as the definitive example of corporate greed versus art and free expression. Eighty-one days of online campaigning, which included massive global virtual sit-ins, saw eToys' share price plummet from $US67 ($125) to $US19. The company filed for bankruptcy in March 2001. (Visit  for a detailed history of the "Toywar".)
While cases of online activism bringing about the demise of an entire corporation are rare, other big names such as Buy.com, E*Trade, Amazon, eBay, Yahoo and CNN have also been targets of disruptive virtual sit-ins. And in the case of the Seattle anti-globalisation protests, Internet activist group The Electrohippies shut down the World Trade Organisation's Web site after staging a five-day virtual sit-in, which involved 450,000 other online activists.
The increasingly fervent anti-globalisation sentiment has also seen government sites such as the White House and the Mexican Embassy in London targeted. In the latter case, a popular virtual sit-in software program called FloodNet was downloaded and used by more than 18,000 political activists from 46 countries in a co-ordinated attack on the Mexican Embassy Web site in 1999. When activists installed the free program onto their PCs, their modems automatically and repeatedly requested Web pages (that often didn't exist), from the Embassy's server. It did this continuously every few seconds, until the weight of the requests shut the server down.
However, the program's creator, human rights activist Ricardo Dominguez of the Electronic Disturbance Theater, describes FloodNet as "Net art" -  an online protest performance, rather than a deliberate action to crash a Web For activists such as Dominguez, taking protests online is a non-violent show of people power - the ultimate act of electronic civil disobedience.
"The great thing about Internet protest is that it's just about the most peaceful kind of civil disobedience you can do," says Ian Walker, producer of the documentary, The Hactivists which screened earlier this year on ABC TV. "But, I guess that's also its great limitation - it seems that unless you're doing some decent amount of damage to someone's property or finances no-one sits up and takes notice. The catch is, when you do that, you immediately lose the PR war; but there is a danger of creating a new generation of 'armchair activists' who don't engage in a more socially-active way with the issues they're protesting against."
However, there are those who don't have the luxury of taking their grievances to the streets. It was not until 1997, when RAWA, the Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan, used the Net to voice their struggle against violent discrimination that the world realised the extent of the Taliban's oppressive rule. By using cameras and videos, hidden beneath their burquas, RAWA members risked their lives by taking photos and capturing video footage of the beatings and killings endured by Afghan women. After these images were uploaded onto the Web site, the response and support by female and human rights groups worldwide was "The Net was our only way to struggle for democracy in Afghanistan against the different forms of fundamentalists and to expose their crimes so other people can know about them," RAWA activist Sahar Saba says from the groups' base in Pakistan.
"It's one of the most important sources of raising finances for the work and projects we do, so if we talk about the importance and impact of the Internet, it is difficult to put into words - without it people would not know about our struggle or help us."
The Internet's multimedia capabilities can persuade with graphic images (the way television does), and arouse with sound (the way radio can). And since anyone with a Net-connected computer can broadcast to a worldwide audience, it's easy to see why the medium is often described as the ultimate tool of self-empowerment for the disenfranchised.
Don't complain about the media, be the media, says Indymedia, an activist Web site that enables anyone to publish and broadcast "alternative" news stories. There are further examples to back their claim, too.
In 1999, when the Yugoslav Government took independent radio station Belgrade Radio off the air, the DJs started broadcasting on the Internet. And when Helen Steel and Dave Morris were sued by McDonald's in the famous McLibel trial for handing out leaflets that were critical of the food chain giant, they turned to the Net to voice their criticism.
"The Net is an important factor in levelling the traditional imbalance between the individual and government or large corporations," The Electrohippies say. "In cyberspace everyone can hear you scream - if you want them to."
Maccas and the longest trial in British history
In 1990 McDonald's sued activists Helen Steel and Dave Morris for libel, after they handed out leaflets accusing the family restaurant of "exploiting children with advertising, promoting an unhealthy diet, exploiting their staff and being responsible for environmental damage and ill treatment of animals".
The court case, dubbed McLibel, was to become the longest trial in British history, lasting two and a half years, during which time there were counter claims, numerous appeals, spy games, worldwide media attention, books published and documentaries produced on the matter, and anti-McDonald's campaigns, including a Web site.
The result was a hollow victory for McDonald's, which was found to have been libelled, but also to be falsely advertising its food as nutritious.
Still defying the might of the golden arches, the McSpotlight site contains everything from trial transcripts and banned material, to scientific reports and company documents. It also contains the original leaflets, translated into many languages, that sparked the legal furore. As Jessy, a founding member of McSpotlight, says in Graham Meikle's book, Future Active: Media Activism and the Internet: "One of the first things we did was upload material that McDonald's had managed to suppress during previous legal actions - newspaper articles, leaflets and films which McDonald's thought they'd seen the last of."
Under the new Federal Cybercrime Act 2001 it is an offence to impair electronic communication to or from a computer, and penalties can range from two to 10 years imprisonment. Alex Steel from the University of NSW's law faculty says online activism will be criminal if it involves any form of unauthorised alteration to data or impairment of electronic communication. However, he also says there is no definition of "impairment", and that while the Act is specifically directed at denial-of-service attacks, the laws are too broad and too vague, leaving room for uncertainty.

@_date: 1999-05-06 19:37:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The word for World is Forest. 
Forest Defenders Engaged in Ongoing Global Struggle
In the Cascadia Bioregion, northern California to British Columbia, forest defense activism is reaching a fever pitch. In Oregon, demonstrations have been called to stop old growth logging in Roseburg. Meanwhile, the FBI has made arrests in connection to an arson that destroyed logging trucks in Eagle Creek last year. Tree spikings continue, with the latest at the Prior timber sale and in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest. In northern California, forest defenders have challenged [ 1 ] the Maxxam Corporation, which seeks to fell even more old growth trees. The owner of Maxxam (and The Gap), Charles Hurwitz, is well known for engaging in questionable business practices.
Meanwhile, the World Bank has unleashed a development agenda for corporations in Ecuador. In response, indigenous peoples have come together to fight an oil pipeline in the Mindo-Nambillo Forest Reserve. Former Cascadia forest defender Julia "Butterfly" Hill was recently arrested for direct action forest defense in Quito, and tree-sits were established for the first time in Ecuador.
In Venezuela, while the threat to the Imataca forest is awaiting a court decision, indigeous peoples are leading the fight against deforestation. The U'wa people in Colombia celebrated victory over Oxy Petroleum, as the company pulled out of lands they threatened with deforestation and despoilment. Finally, indigineous peoples in Guatemala are organizing against Plan Puebla Panama.
[ Portland IMC Forest Activism Coverage | SF Bay IMC Forest Coverage | July 12 forest activism feature ]

@_date: 1999-05-06 20:12:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: WhatUp jya? 
TaRANTo>>The men behind that day's atrocities seek to use violence to impose on the world a totalitarian theocracy along the lines of Saudi Arabia or Taliban Afghanistan -- a regime in which infidels are executed, women are property, and most forms of fun are verboten.
Isn't that a lot scarier than nosy mailmen? <<
I thought they wanted to payback a smidgen all the US paid for hell unleashed on the Palistinian people.That and get US bases off their homeland.Who just released 50mill for madrasses,scientologist schools,satanic covens btw,whatever comes as long as its Faith based?
Who executes the most per head? China? The great satan?
Where are women treated like property? Letterman jokes about that every other night.
Remember no demands have been made by al Quida on 'the west.' 'cept maybe get out of our homelands.
A lot of the banning of 'fun' might have been a sensible precaution if you were about to take on a superpower,even if you had just beaten and helped destroy another.
Lets say for the sake of argument that the Taliban-al quida,somehow made the world a totalitarian theocracy.I doubt they would last very long somehow.Not that TIPs will I hope!
The US is the looming totalitarian menace,its also so 'under GOD',it is sickening.That's a lot scarier than hack journalists.Its not just the nosy mailman its also the roaming global death squads.The wsj has some good articles occasionlly jya and thanks for bringing them to us.This was not one of them,could have been written by anne thrax.FUCK TIPs to HELL!
The WTC was righteous hit,don't lose any sleep over it.With Apster those who planned and financed it will pay,not the US playing global maniac cop.

@_date: 1999-05-06 20:31:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jeff Gordons dead 
We finally caught up with him,boiled the skin off his hands to make some 'gloves' to send his family as a warning not to fuck with a netizens box.
We then did some 'keyhole surgery' on the pudgy fuckers stomach,fished out his small intestine up high and nailed it to a tree.We then had fun running him around and around the mulberry bush.
Oh I forgot we'd previously made him dig a vertical grave and he was made to jump in,cattle prod livened him up for the main course.Buried up to his head it was time to release the dogs.So long Jeff,Its been real.

@_date: 1999-05-06 20:57:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "...the most intellectually backward American president of my 
Global warmth for US after 9/11 turns to frost
Article about the growing popular antipathy towards US policy and culture in the UK and Europe ( USA Today )
See also this Guardian article from Thursday, this article by Gerald Kaufman from last week, in which the UK parliamentarian refers to George W Bush as 'the most intellectually backward American president of my political lifetime ... surrounded by advisers whose bellicosity is exceeded only by their political, military and diplomatic illiteracy', this Guardian article from earlier this month, in which Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins is quoted as referring to George W Bush as 'this unelected and deeply stupid little oil spiv', and this blog entry from May
Testimony Prepared for Hearings on Iraq Policy Senate Foreign Relations Methodical argument against a US invasion of Iraq
( Phyllis Bennis via TNI )
See also this US State Dept report from May, this DIA document from 1991, the text of UN Resolution 687 from 1991, this index page for IAEA inspection reports on Iraq, and this interview with Bennis from last

@_date: 1999-05-06 20:57:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Free market orthodoxy eligible for faith based funds? 
Talking bull
'New Economy theory was less an objective assessment of our situation than a world-class hustle by a political movement that believed it was very close to winning the game. It was the flower of decades of libertarian thought and argument; of lavish irrigation by rightwing billionaires and corporate donors; of careful cultivation by a hundred thinktanks and kept magazines ... The high priests of the New Economy are so entrenched that they continue to occupy prominent positions as commentators, despite their resounding wrongness. Now, though, we are told that none of this was enough; that even the most minuscule challenges to free market orthodoxy are capable of derailing the mighty locomotive of affluence. That we cannot recover until the last doubter shuts up'
( Thomas Frank via Guardian )
See also this article by James Glassman from April, Glassman's Tech Central Station website, and this article by George Gilder and this article by Lawrence Kudlow, both from May 2001LINKS?
Iraq 2 The sequel.
Be very afraid - Bush Productions is preparing to go into action
'What we've been getting is a movie version of reality, a work of fiction to justify the prospect of "war without end". It started, of course, with all the drivel about "crusades" and "war against terror" and "war against evil", the now famous "they hate us because we are a democracy", the "axis of evil" and most recently – it would be outlandishly funny if this trash hadn't come from the Rand Corporation – the "kernel of evil". The latter, by the way, is supposed to be Saudi Arabia, but it might just as well have been Iran, Iraq, Syria or anywhere west of the Pecos'
( Robert Fisk via Independent )
See also this Washington Post article from earlier this month, this transcript of an NBC interview with Condoleezza Rice from June, this Washington Post article from June, this transcript of comments by Donald Rumsfeld in June, this Washington Post article from May, and this column by William Safire from March, all of which Fisk quotes from in his article

@_date: 1999-05-06 20:59:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: GM Free,cant give it away. 
GM storm looms as consumers fight shy
'Rather than consumers' fears having been allayed during the three years of the trials, attitudes have if anything hardened. Supermarkets, after at first hedging their bets, have withdrawn GM products from their shelves and insisted that the entire supply chain, including animal feed, is GM free. Manufacturers and even restaurants find "GM free" is a selling point. The actions of Greenpeace and individuals who have pulled up crops to protect the countryside, and particularly organic crops, have attracted widespread public support and relatively little condemnation as acts of vandalism. Opponents argue that against this backdrop farmers would be mad to want to grow GM crops. Even if they escaped the vandals, where would their markets be?' ( Guardian )
See also this BBC article, this article by Amelia Bookstein, and this blog entry from Thursday
When will we be gwb free?

@_date: 1999-05-06 21:03:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hollywood's Golden Shield. 
What goes around...
Media giants demand ISPs block Web sites
By Thomas C Greene in Washington
Posted: 17/08/2002 at 08:04 GMT
They've sued Napster and Scour into submission; realizing that this is expensive, they've bought numerous Congressional lapdogs to force the DoJ to become their personal 'Copyright 911' so that challenges to their production and distribution monopoly can be hounded down and eliminated at the taxpayer's expense rather than their own; they've lobbied Congress to impose DRM controls on virtually all media and virtually all devices, including your computer; and now, for a final assault on human dignity, the Recording Industry Ass. of America has sued for the right to determine which Web sites you and I will be permitted to visit.
Taking a page from the book of totalitarian regimes, the media industry is suing major ISPs, demanding that the foundations of a Chinese-style Great Firewall be laid to protect their precious copyrights, Reuters reports.
At issue is the Listen4ever site, which the RIAA whinges is beyond their influence. According to the wire service, the industry hasn't been able to figure out who owns the offending site, and is stymied in its efforts to take action against it.
It is therefore necessary for the thieving, rotten little people of the United States to have their Internet access regulated.
Of course the Listen4ever site has already moved. Thus it will be necessary to chase it down and amend the complaint. And if one site is banned, then any number of sites can be. And that, more than anything, is the power the RIAA is salivating over. Call this a test case. If it succeeds, the door will be opened for continuing and capricious Internet censorship by an international communications cartel.
Defendants include such heavyweights as AT&T, Sprint and UUNET. Plaintiffs include Vivendi, Sony, Bertelsmann and Warner Bros, a possession of AOL Time Warner. AOL hasn't been named in the suit, perhaps because they've already volunteered to comply, being joined at the hip, as they are, to a media behemoth. ®
APster now,before its too late,you know it makes sense.Valenti's getting on

@_date: 1999-05-06 21:17:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AU Feds lucky to have PROMIS. 
2000 probed for terrorism
MORE than 2000 Australians have been investigated for terrorism since the September 11 attacks in the US.	
Five people were banned from entering Australia because of terrorist or espionage links.
Federal Police received 26,000 pieces of information, including tip-offs about suspected terrorists.
The allegations came from the public, and Australian and overseas intelligence agencies.
A Federal Police anti-terrorism taskforce, codenamed Operation Drava, froze the assets of more than 200 people and companies believed linked to terrorist groups.
The Australian Council of Civil Liberties said Australians had to accept a higher level of investigations into suspected terrorists.
Japs lucky to have 'long pig."
JAPANESE soldiers butchered Australian soldiers for food on the Kokoda Track, veterans have claimed.	
Sixty years after they fought on the infamous track, Australian veterans say cannibalism was common among enemy troops after their supply lines were In a Sky TV documentary to be aired today, one digger describes finding the body of an Australian sergeant with his heart and liver missing, and strips of flesh cut from the arms, legs and buttocks.

@_date: 1999-05-06 21:31:53
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: RIPOFF! 
U R Bing overcharged
Phone companies have raised prices for SMS messaging by as much as 25 per cent in the past two years, despite it costing them 3¢ or less to convey a LIGHTNING FINGERS
Operation SMS
Move over, Thorpie. You might be able to churn through the pool in world record time, but how fast can you send a text message on a mobile keypad? Unless you can finish close to 30 seconds, chances are that James Frost and Michela Tomasel would leave you on the starting blocks. more

@_date: 1999-05-06 21:36:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "...ninety-five percent of military communication is carried 
"...PRC recently teamed with Litton Data Systems Division and was awarded a cooperative research agreement with US Army CECOM Space and Terrestrial Communication Division to extend Security Kinetix to the Tactical Internet, the Army's hand-held computer-based radio network for the digitized battlefield. Under this effort, we will modify the Security Kinetix capability creating information protection agents that are capable of sustaining operations under a variety of communication constraints to protect critical information on deployed hardware. These specialized agents will be equipped with a configurable arsenal of countermeasures to deal with the particular security risks posed by the Tactical Internet."

@_date: 1999-05-06 21:43:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Future Active. 
"Future Active is a report from the frontlines of the guerrilla media war. Writing in brisk, skip-the-bullshit style, Meikle chronicles and critiques the tactical strikes of hacktivists, culture jammers, and other mutant free radicals who are putting the Internet to political use."
Mark Dery, author of 'The Pyrotechnic Insanitarium: American Culture on the Hope Jims in there.The PI?  Cali must be for the acutes.

@_date: 1999-05-06 21:53:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "...people to be detained without evidence..."ASIO. 
Tough stand on ASIO powers
By Brendan Nicholson,
Political Correspondent
August 18 2002
The Federal Government has rejected attempts to water down key elements of its new anti-terrorism legislation and has insisted that the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation have the power to detain and interrogate children as young as 14.
It also wants intelligence officers to be present during discussions between detainees and their lawyers.
The Parliamentary Joint Committee on ASIO, the Australian Secret Intelligence Service and the Defence Signals Directorate, which examined the terrorism bill, the ASIO Legislation Amendment, recommended that the agency should not be able to detain people under 18.
The Sunday Age has learnt that the government has also rejected a call for a sunset clause that the committee wanted as a safeguard. The clause would have rendered the legislation invalid after three years.
The tough stand comes as the government attempts to defuse opposition demands to justify Australian involvement in any attack by the United States on Iraq.
Yesterday, Prime Minister John Howard made public his response to a letter from Opposition Leader Simon Crean asking him to give parliament, during the coming two-week sitting, details of Iraq's weapons programs and to provide evidence of any links between Iraq and Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda terrorist network.
Mr Howard said in his reply that a full statement during the next fortnight would be premature because it would encourage the debate in Australia to run ahead of the debate in the US.
Mr Howard said he had already indicated that there would be a full parliamentary debate before any military commitment to action against Iraq, but the question remained hypothetical at this stage because the US had not requested assistance and had not decided to commit American forces.
Labor could ask for information during question time on any sitting day, he Greens senator Bob Brown has already indicated that he will call this week for a Senate inquiry into the implications of a war with Iraq.
The controversial ASIO legislation is expected to be debated during the new session of parliament beginning tomorrow.
Attorney-General Daryl Williams said the government had accepted the joint committee's recommendations on the legislation in broad terms and was now in consultation with the Opposition.
If passed by parliament, the bill would change the rights of every Australian, allowing for people to be detained without evidence that they had done anything wrong.
Under the legislation, ASIO would be allowed to obtain a warrant to detain someone, with the consent of the attorney-general, if there were "substantial grounds for believing that the warrant will substantially assist the collection of intelligence that is important in relation to a terrorist offence".
The joint committee reviewing the legislation said it had been concerned that children as young as 12 could be detained, strip-searched, questioned and held incommunicado for up to 48 hours or longer, if a subsequent warrant was sought.
Under the government's counter-proposals, 14-year-olds could be detained and questioned. The child would be entitled to have a parent present, but contact would be supervised by an ASIO officer.
Detainees would have access to a lawyer after 48 hours in custody, but an ASIO officer would be present during all discussions. The lawyers would be vetted by ASIO beforehand and would face up to two years' jail if they revealed details of cases to an unauthorised person.
It is believed that, in its response to the committee's report, the government will agree to limit detention by ASIO to seven days unless charges are laid. That compares with the eight hours the police now have to charge someone or let them go.
Law Council of Australia president Tony Abbott said he was concerned about the legislation. "(People) want to be able to hear what the lawyer says in confidence and they want to be able to say what they want to say to the lawyer in confidence," he said.
He said he was concerned about allowing the detention of children as young as 14. "You have to make a very strong case to be able to detain and interrogate children."

@_date: 1999-05-06 22:13:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Michael K Allen needs killing. 
Cincinnati Couple Go to Trial August 19
Remember what I said a couple of days ago what was going to happen in Cincinnati in wake of adult movies being pulled from pay-per-view. I'm sure we'll be seeing more of the following cases with attorney Lou Sirkin working overtime: This time a Cincinnati couple- Jennifer Dute, 31, and her husband Alan, 61 will be going to trial next week. The Dutes were indicted by a Hamilton County grand jury this past April on four counts of pandering obscenity, charges that carry a maximum sentence of four years in prison. Their company, A&J Specialty, also was indicted on four counts of pandering obscenity and faces a maximum fine of $40,000.
The search warrant was served March 21. Hamilton County Prosecutor Mike Allen said the pair sold pornographic videos by mail “despite a court order prohibiting such sales to or from Hamilton County.” Authorities said sales were made Feb. 11, March 4, March 7, and March 21. Officials said the Dutes pleaded guilty to similar charges three years ago.
In 1999, Jennifer Dute faced two counts of pandering obscenity and a possible three years in jail. At that time she was accused of starring in two videos — Jennifer 2 and Jennifer 3 — and then marketing them on a Web site and in a local newspaper, Everybody's News- now defunct. Prosecutor Mike Allen said the Hamilton County Sheriff's office investigated the case and purchased copies of the videos. Allen said investigators determined they may violate community standards for obscenity. Dute avoided going to prison when she swore she'd never again sell her home-made porn tapes in or from Hamilton County. But Hamilton County officials say she lied because they bought more home-made porn tapes - starring the 31-year-old Ms. Dute - from her Anderson Township home at least four times in February and March.
Like Elyse Metcalf before here, Jennifer Dute goes to trial Monday morning in Cincinnati on obscenity charges. Undoubtedly this will be another high profile case that the Free Speech Coalition will choose to ignore. Unlike Metcalf who owns and operates a store, Dute has been selling videos from her website  And that's what she got busted for.
Dute: It started out where they came after me in November, 1999. It was the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and I didn't get out until Friday morning. We ended up making a deal at that time. The company- hell we don't even have a company- the prosecutor made up a company name right there and said we'll charge the company with one count of pandering obscenity. It was a $2500 fine and we agreed not to sell to or from Hamilton County. It was an agreement that we did abide by. We moved our address to Clairmont County. That's where we got our mail and that's where we sent the mail from. The way we checked to see if something was in Hamilton County- if we got something from Ohio- was the official Hamilton County Ohio Auditor's Web site ( two addresses in question did not come up on that site. So we said if it didn't come up, it's not in Hamilton County. Evidently that's not true. There were two addresses- one could sit on the Butler County line and the other location we saw where it should have been, but there wasn't anything there. It was right next to a park. My videos are not obscene in the first place.
Gene: Is it your suspicion that it was a sting.
Dute: Oh yes. Because when someone sends us mail requesting information, or they've tried to place an order and they're in Hamilton County, we send them a letter back stating we can't fill your order thanks to the agreement that we made in March, 2000 that we wouldn't sell to Hamilton County. If you have any problems with this you need to contact Simon Leis [the Hamilton County Sheriff] who thinks he can rule the world from his desk. Well the cops got one of those letters and it pissed Simon Leis off. He deiced tp work something where he could get me. He did as far as getting me to send the videos to somewhere that's technically in Hamilton County.
Gene: You say your videos are not obscene.
Dute: They're not.
Gene: What's the content?
Dute: They're our lifestyle videos. Videos of my parties and the swinging lifestyle. The most out there we would have is similar to a gangbang- a bunch of guys and a couple of girls. There's no anal. There's no fisting. There isn't anything like that. The only thing is multiple people having sex. Everybody's having a good time. There's nothing illegal going on. No drugs. No pot. Nothing. Maybe alcohol and smoking cigarettes. That's about it.
Gene: What are they prosecuting you for.
Dute: Pandering obscenity- selling videos.
Gene: Which are these?
Dute: Jennifer 2, 3, 6 and 7.
Gene: You sell those for how much?
Dute: $30 each or 2 for $50. They're all me as far as content goes.
Gene: These are still available?
Dute: Yes.
Gene: This is absolutely amazing.
Dute: It is in that I own the  domain name and I have it forwarding to a list of Cincinnati Enquirer articles about him and some of the stupid things that he's done over the years. He got his panties in a wad over that and I had to take that down. But I own the domain name.
Gene: That should piss him off.
Dute: It does. But I'm not doing anything wrong with it. It's not like I've got a porn site on it. All I had was links to articles about him. He just doesn't like me.
Gene: How did you come to know Elyse Metcalf.
Dute: I saw her situation come up on TV. We had never made it to her shop but we heard when the case came against her. I haven't met her, but we'll meet for the first time this afternoon. I talked to her for about an hour last night on the phone. I did write a letter to the editor the week of her trial saying that there were people in Cincinnati who supported her. They printed it the day before she got acquitted. Then she had the incident with the fire. I did send her some flowers then. I think it'll be interesting to talk to her more and get her insight on this whole thing.
Gene: What happens Monday.
Dute: We go to trial. We pick a jury and try it.
Gene: What do you stand to lose if convicted.
Dute: According to the newspaper, four years in jail. It's four counts for me; four for my husband and four for the business.
Gene: What brings your husband into it?
Dute: I don't have a clue. As far as putting the video in the box and addressing it, he did that. Part of their evidence is that they've got fingerprints of his on the box.
Gene: There's an open and shut case.
Dute: They have an fingerprint expert to say, yes, those are his fingerprints. They're submitting that into evidence. Also, he's the person who took the videos and he's in some of it. But why they're including him is to cost us more money.
Gene: Have you had any past experience with this Citizens for Community Values?
Dute: No. I've read up about them and know about them. But I don't know how much they were involved in my last case because it didn't go to trial. I'm sure they said something in the newspaper. The newspaper here haven't even said anything. They haven't called me. It's not like I'm not listed in the phone book.
Gene: Have you been getting weird phone calls.
Dute: When it first hit in March we got a couple of weird phone calls, 'let's me- I want do buy some videos' . Stuff like that. There are supportive people in this area but they can't be seen as supportive, publicly.
Gene: What are your feelings about all this.
Dute: We're going to win; no doubt. I think it's totally ridiculous. If there was a way we could turn around and sue them for malicious prosecution I would do it. Because they did in fact go after me. They made numerous attempts to get me to sell videos to them. Because if they had not, they would not have gotten that letter. A. It's our lifestyle. It's showing other people that this is normal. Obviously people buy the videos. The people who buy them know what the content is because they have to search me out. I don't have to direct market to anybody. My website's there and I have ads in some adult magazines. But it's very plain language as to what the videos are. At the beginning of the videos we have a statement saying that this is our lifestyle. It's for consenting adults only. Everyone in these videos are over 21. And this is real life. This is not a play. We're not doing a movie. This is real people having real fun.
Gene: How long have you been marketing these videos?
Dute: Since early '99. My husband and I met in '97. Got married in May of '98 and we were in a lifestyle before we got married. The website and the videos just came out of that. It was not an idea for money to make the videos and sell them. But we were getting so many requests for pictures and let's swap videos, it just got to be too much to do for free. It grew into a website.
Gene: It wasn't too long after that, that they started hassling you.
Dute: Exactly. Actually they bought the videos in July, and they didn't get the grand jury indictment until the day before Thanksgiving. They saw an ad that somebody had posted somewhere about videos.
Gene: You actually spent Thanksgiving in jail?
Dute: Yes. They came and knocked on the door on Wednesday around 6 o'clock. I was e-mailing or something. They came and knocked on the door. There were a couple of plain clothes cops. They said they had a search warrant. I asked them what this was about. They said the business that you're in. I said the apartment business? They said, no, your porn business. At that time I got my husband. We have three apartment complexes that my husband owns which we manage. We have a home office. They came in and took everything. They took all of our computers, all of our files. They didn't mess with his apartment files. They took all of my video files, all of the videos, all of the order forms. They took our cable modem, digital camera, camcorders, VCRs. You name it, they took them. I had a computer in a box that hadn't even been opened. They took it. Eventually we got most of that stuff back but a year later that's just not worth it.
Gene: So on Thanksgiving did they serve you turkey in jail?
Dute: The stuff I got looked like process meat. They said you better eat it because that's the best you're ever going to get in here. I survived on what I call jail cookies. They're vanilla cream filled cheap cookies. That's about what I ate while I was there. Another thing about jail, they don't give you your medication. If you're taking medication for anything, barring diabetes, they don't give you medication. So I missed two days of it. They didn't process me when they brought me in. They brought me in and put me in a cell. They did not put me in the computer, so to speak. Then Lou came in Friday morning. He got somebody to get me a $40,000 bond and a judge to sign off on it. So he was able to get me out. When they came here on Wednesday I called Lou Sirkin that night. I said this is what was going on and I was freaking out at that point. I didn't realize they were going to arrest me and take me away. They had a search warrant. They didn't say anything about an arrest warrant. Then when I realized that I kind of flipped out. Lou told me it would be Friday morning before he could get me out. I didn't worry too much on that end. But since they did not put me on the computer, he couldn't find me when he went down there Friday morning. He had to find a friend of a friend to look in a back computer to see what my case number was. He had my social security number, my name, my maiden name, my date of birth but it wasn't in the computer. They were trying to hide me so I couldn't get out until the following Thursday when my preliminary hearing was. Luckily he found me or I would have been in there for a long time.
Then on March 21, 2002----the day my son was born at 2:17AM, around 8AM, here come the cops with a search warrant. They looked like UPS men- not in police uniform or anything I was at the hospital obviously, as was my husband. My mom answered the door. All these cop cars swarm in. They said they had a search warrant for the house. They laughed at her when she said I was at the hospital and had just given birth. Luckily I had told my parents about the first incident or that would have been a big shock to them. My parents weren't mad about the whole situation. They were mad that the cops were there in the first place. They feel that it's a free speech-thing, too.

@_date: 1999-05-07 05:53:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: GATES FOUNDATION BOMBSHELL! 
“I’m Stranger Here, Myself” — Part VI of The True Story Of The InterNet
Chapter 02C6: GateScam Foundation [WAS: Window To The Duplicitous Soul] [WAS!WAS: Windows – These Colors Don’t Run]
Anyone visiting the Gates Foundation Homepage ( should be aware that all of the empathetic, high-sounding claims made by the foundation are belied by the actual facts surrounding the high-handed criminal misconduct participated in by the henchmen of Gate’s Money Cow, Microsoft—including the misrepresentation of evidence and perjury—in order to convict and imprison a disabled individual who was tried and convicted despite having been found incompetent in the only competency hearing held during the course of his trial.
While the defendant was suffering unconstitutional detention and torture, the Ninth Federal Circuit Court Judge, Federal Prosecutors, and the Public Defender forced upon the defendant against his will all had a good belly-laugh over the suggestion that the Richest Man In The World might be expected to stoop so low as to make an appearance in a trial where he was the purported victim.
The disabled defendant, forced to attend the farcical judicial proceedings under the threat of violence and being dragged to court in chains if he refused to appear, was not as amused as the officers of the court at the pointed message that status and privilege take precedence over the rule of law in the American InJu$tice $y$tem.
Anyone wanting to take a cold, hard look at the motives behind the spectacle of supposed humanity being portrayed by the Gates Foundation might begin by familiarizing themselves with the terms, ‘Eugenics’ and ‘Manipulation of the Masses.’
As a disabled person who came close to dying at the hands of those I was delivered into by the unethical and criminal malfeasance participated in by Gates, Microsoft and the Ninth Circus Federal Court, I already understand 'I "being the channeled spirit of fellow Cpunk and revolutionary APster martyr,CJ,If I take another deep breath of burning Yohimbe bark I can sense his addy...
TruthMonger   Something like that.Parental discretion advisary,ptrei discrecion heavily advisory.pr.PROMIS # 0417531548

@_date: 1999-05-07 06:10:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jennifer Dute court dockets. 
>>Subject: Re: Major league asshole,michael K Allen
Interesting (wired proffr)article.
We go to court Monday August 19
You can see all related court documents at
and search for case by name: Jennifer Dute<<
Whither FREE SPEECH in AMERIKA?
Ive downloaded but not read yet,its dark down here in OZ.

@_date: 1999-05-07 06:48:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Continent-wide economic "state of emergency"  
Internal Commotion, Internal Disruption
On August 13, the new president of Colombia, Alvaro Uribe, declared, a "state of internal commotion" seven days after his inauguration. The measure was invoked through the Colombian constitution, allows the government to bypass normal legislative procedures, restrict civil liberties, and put into place security measures. The measure lasts 90 days, but can be renewed twice, and has been implemented numerous times in Colombia's history.
The device was implemented after a week of intense fighting amongst the Colombian military, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), and right-wing paramilitaries, which ended whith more than 100 hundred people dead. This latest round of fighting began with a bombing at Uribe's inauguration, which killed thirteen people and was attributed to FARC. Uribe is justifyng these provisons which divert finances and resources to the military in order "to counter terrorists and narco trafficants," and claims that the paramilitaries will be pursued with the same vigour as FARC.
For more infomation, consult the August 3 feature about continent-wide economic "state of emergency" South America has entered, the June 25 feature on attacks on unions in Colombia, and Narconews.
in italian: emergenza di stato
[ Colombia CMI | News Agency New Colombia | Voz ]

@_date: 1999-05-07 07:25:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Civil Resistance 
This is the first in a Baltimore IMC series on political activists in town. In this installment we introduce Max O, a man who has been engaged at the forefront of progressive political movements for over 20 years.
If you are fortunate enough to be on his list, you would have received from him some half- dozen emails today, for that matter, every day-- unless he happens to be in jail. He can't remember the exact number, but he has been arrested 60 to 70 times. For his widely circulated mailings, he combs the straight and the progressive press, and he pulls down materials from liberal and radical news sites on the web. His missives are a virtual anthology of the news stories of importance to activists for social change. But Max O is not a movement librarian or computer geek, he is a political activist of more than 20 years standing. His emails are a part of his work as a political activist.
His political activism is built on a montage of seemingly unrelated experiences, although when you talk with him it does seem to neatly fit together. Raised in a conservative working class community of Erie, Pennsylvania, Max's family lived above their small business, a tavern started by his great-grandmother. It was his growing up in an environment of hard drinkers and drunks that led him to be a nondrinker. The vegetarianism would come later.
College was an unlikely choice for someone with his background, but Max got a degree in electrical engineering and went to work for Pennsylvania Electric Co. in Johnstown. On the death of his father, Max quit his job going home to help his mother run the tavern. While tending bar, he went to Gannon College (now a university) and earned an MBA. While the tavern was being sold, Max went off to the Peace Corps, a lure to small town folks everywhere. He Max signed up for a two year hitch in Botswana where he helped the locals set up small businesses. The Botswana experience sensitized him to the apartheid policies of neighboring South Africa. It all begins to fit, though not obviously so.
While tending bar and going to school, he became involved in a local Freeze group--the Nuclear Freeze was a national movement against the proliferation and testing of nuclear weapons which was to reach its peak on June 12th, 1982 when a million people assembled in Central Park, spilling some 20 blocks south in to the west fifties. He talks with some pride at the 75 percent of Erie County that voted for a freeze and the fact that this small working class community sent two buses to New York to participate in the The MBA, his revulsion at bar life, and his African experience led him to answer an advertisement for an internship with the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility in New York City which, then, was a major figure in the movement for divestment of corporate investments in South Africa. The ICCR was also involved in exposing companies doing business as nuclear weapons suppliers. His time there, roughly 1982 to 1983, finished his basic Max had graciously come to my office for this interview. There is a general graciousness about him, although it is often hidden by an interpersonal awkwardness. He seems unaccustomed to talk about himself and, when he does, he talks about politics. Of course, that is his life. He is not a party animal and has been known to go to parties with a pile of political readings. Politics for Max is about "civil resistance." He doesn't like the term "civil disobedience." Disobedience, he explained to me, was an attack on the law, an attempt to dramatize the need to change the law. On the other hand, he said passionately, "resistance is sometimes about getting people to uphold the law."
MORE ON

@_date: 1999-05-07 07:46:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: TIVOlutionary. 
Co-opting the Underground
On the TiVo Community Forum (see Online Resources), people literally obsess about TiVo, the personal video recorder. The site carries discussions on everything from tech support, to general chit chat, to the TiVo Underground, where hackers post about what they've learned by opening up their TiVo boxes and mucking with the insides.
When the folks at TiVo discovered this forum (it started independently), they could have called in the lawyers. Instead, they sponsored the site, offered TiVo branding elements, and linked to it from the official TiVo site.
Richard Bullwinkle was the Webmaster for the TiVo corporate site at the time, and he saw the site's power. He worked closely with the forum's creator, David Bott, to make it better, and answer questions from the official TiVo perspective.
Is TiVo happy with everything that goes on there? Of course not. "Every now and then some executive says, what is this?" says Bullwinkle. "My response is: What part of the Internet don't you understand?"
Postings may be hard to take sometimes, but TiVo is gaining incredible insight into its users. When users have a problem, TiVo is the first to know. In time, the forum will help TiVo make a better product. And when forum users begin to see that their suggestions make it into future product versions, they'll feel intimately connected with TiVo—a bond that won't be easily broken.
Things have worked out well for Bullwinkle, too. After the TiVo community's success, he was promoted to Chief Evangelist. Everyone in the forums still knows him simply by his login: "TiVolutionary."
Interesting thread at...
My fave? Infoshop.

@_date: 1999-05-07 23:01:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: GateScam Foundation  
GATES FOUNDATION BOMBSHELL! (sorry if reprinted)
“I’m Stranger Here, Myself” — Part VI of The True Story Of The InterNet
Chapter 02C6: GateScam Foundation [WAS: Window To The Duplicitous Soul] [WAS!WAS: Windows – These Colors Don’t Run]
Anyone visiting the Gates Foundation Homepage ( should be aware that all of the empathetic, high-sounding claims made by the foundation are belied by the actual facts surrounding the high-handed criminal misconduct participated in by the henchmen of Gate’s Money Cow, Microsoft—including the misrepresentation of evidence and perjury—in order to convict and imprison a disabled individual who was tried and convicted despite having been found incompetent in the only competency hearing held during the course of his trial.
While the defendant was suffering unconstitutional detention and torture, the Ninth Federal Circuit Court Judge, Federal Prosecutors, and the Public Defender forced upon the defendant against his will all had a good belly-laugh over the suggestion that the Richest Man In The World might be expected to stoop so low as to make an appearance in a trial where he was the purported victim.
The disabled defendant, forced to attend the farcical judicial proceedings under the threat of violence and being dragged to court in chains if he refused to appear, was not as amused as the officers of the court at the pointed message that status and privilege take precedence over the rule of law in the American InJu$tice $y$tem.
Anyone wanting to take a cold, hard look at the motives behind the spectacle of supposed humanity being portrayed by the Gates Foundation might begin by familiarizing themselves with the terms, ‘Eugenics’ and ‘Manipulation of the Masses.’
As a disabled person who came close to dying at the hands of those I was delivered into by the unethical and criminal malfeasance participated in by Gates, Microsoft and the Ninth Circus Federal Court, I already understand 'I "being the channeled spirit of fellow Cpunk and revolutionary APster martyr,CJ,If I take another deep breath of burning Yohimbe bark I can sense his addy...
TruthMonger   Something like that.Parental discretion advisary,ptrei discrecion heavily advisory.pr.PROMIS # 0417

@_date: 1999-05-07 23:16:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mongo;" Google is your friend." 
Mongo is not your friend? As enroaching senility leads him to wander off more often,Mong may soon need one of these...
Digital angels on one shoulder,devlish Cpunks on the other,Lear wanders the wilderness.Would it be such a shock to learn that like Philby and Hannsen,Mongo's loyalties lie elsewhere? First Ronnie,then Charlton,its all too tragic.He wont remember.They are shown as the gutless, mean-spirited, utterly self-centred and cruel characters that they really are.

@_date: 1999-05-07 23:53:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cruise Knockoff's worry Dagwood. 
The Taipei Times Online: 2001-10-21
Bin Laden may have sold cruise missiles to Beijing. THE GUARDIAN, MILAN, ITALY.
China paid Osama bin Laden several million dollars for access to unexploded taipeitimes.com/news/2001/10/21/print/0000108045 - 6k - Cached - Similar pages
[ More results from taipeitimes.com ]
Guardian Unlimited | Special reports | Claims that China paid Bin ...
... million dollars for access to unexploded American cruise missiles ... sources as saying
that 40 were found unexploded. ... who were dying of hunger, passed missiles to ...
 - 33k - Cached - Similar pages
CHINA NOT YET AN ALLY China Brief, September 27, 2001 : China. ...
... China has sold Iran both nuclear-reactor and nuclear-fuel ... to some reports, after
it gave Beijing some unexploded US Tomahawk cruise missiles, the ...
china.jamestown.org/pubs/view/cwe_001_006_002.htm - 13k - Cached - Similar Pravda.RU Mozambique: children sold for organs
... The same source reveals that Bin Laden has cruise missiles. ... before their vital organs
are removed and sold ... of Ohorum show a powerful American bomb, unexploded, ...
english.pravda.ru/main/2001/10/15/18033.html - 64k - Cached - Similar pages
Dumble on Afghan Women
... One in every ten cruise missiles fails to hit its ... of being defended from the US-led
alliance's missiles ... the exact same shade of luminous yellow as unexploded ...
 - 12k - Cached - Similar pages
Think Tank Dumble
... one in every ten, supposedly target specific, cruise missiles ... 200 Kosovas were killed
or injured by unexploded ... defended from the US-led alliance's missiles by ...
cyounkin.web.wesleyan.edu/ttdumble.htm - 16k - Cached - Similar pages
In the Name of Freedom
... one in every ten, supposedly target specific, cruise missiles ... 200 Kosovas were killed
or injured by unexploded ... defended from the US-led alliance's missiles by ...
 volVno6/articles/NameOfFreedom.html - 9k - Cached - Similar pages
... China has sold Iran nuclear-reactor and nuclear-fuel ... according to some reports, after
they gave Beijing some unexploded US Tomahawk cruise missiles, ...
 - 9k - Cached - Similar pages
Rum bum dum dum.

@_date: 1999-05-08 00:10:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bury my heart at wounded PC. 
Golden Shields awards..."In a wounded PC market..."
BEIJING--It's one of the few PC companies today with profits and growth in market share. Its close allies on various projects--Microsoft, Intel, Texas Instruments, America Online--reads like high-technology's A-list.
But one important difference separates the company from the pack: It's based in China, one of the world's hottest markets for technology.
The Legend Group, which once existed only as a wholesale distributor for U.S. and European brands, has transformed itself into one of the world's fastest-growing technology conglomerates, with its hands on everything from desktops and servers to cell phones, retail franchises and information technology services. Many businesses in China that it's involved are expected to grow by double digits through 2006 and beyond.
MORE .

@_date: 1999-05-08 00:28:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jesus is my armourer. 
School shooter hopes to be pastor
 From correspondents in San Diego, USA
IN a jailhouse interview, a teenager serving 50 years for a deadly high school shooting spree has said he takes full responsibility for the rampage.	
"I blame myself," Charles "Andy" Williams, 16, told the San Diego "The school didn't put the gun in my hand. I don't want to blame anybody."
Williams pleaded guilty in June to the March 2001 shooting rampage at Santana High School that killed 14-year-old Bryan Zuckor and 17-year-old Randy Gordon.
Thirteen others were wounded.
He was sentenced to 50 years in prison last week, and will be eligible for parole in 2051, when he's 65.
The youngster said it was difficult to sit through the sentencing hearing, listening to speeches from more than a dozen victims and relatives of victims.
"I'm glad they said what they wanted to say and get it off their chests," he said.
Though he did not want to answer questions about the shooting, documents released last week painted a picture of a depressed, alienated boy who was bullied and taunted by friends. Prosecutors, however, said Williams coolly planned the assault, shooting classmates as they ran in terror.
Williams said his life at Juvenile Hall has generally been good, and that he has read 159 books and carries a 3.09 grade-point average. In court papers, Williams said he hopes to get a college degree in theology and become a pastor in prison.
He also said he worried about turning 18 and transferring to a maximum security prison. "I'm scared because I don't know anyone up there, and I don't know what to expect," he said.
Williams said he was surprised so many people had written him letters and posted messages of support on the internet.
"They're nice people. I'm glad they're doing it," he said. "But I don't think I deserve it. I wouldn't write to me."
Going Postal?
ONE sheet of toilet paper, use less sunscreen and don't lose pens . . . the dispute between Australia Post and its staff has hit a new low in pettiness.	
A New South Wales Central Coast area manager has allegedly advised workers "one sheet is enough" when it comes to the company's amenities.
Melbourne call centre worker Cori Girondoudas was docked $3000 for breaching company policy by having more than three personal photographs on her desk.
Sydney worker Richard O'Brien was ordered to take sick leave because management declared at 177kg he was 40kg overweight to complete his duties.

@_date: 1999-05-08 01:21:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: DigiSecret was developed and compiled outside of the USA. 
Good selling point.                 About Us
TamoSoft, Inc., was founded in 1998 as a software division of TAMOS International, Inc., a Cyprus-based business consulting company founded in 1995. Because of the rapid growth of TamoSoft, it became the leading division of TAMOS International, and the companies merged in June 1999.
TamoSoft, Inc., specializes in security and network monitoring software for the Internet and local area networks. We have been developing software for 3 years and take great pride in our achievements and excellent customer support. Today our products and custom solutions may be found in businesses all over the world, including a large number of Fortune 500 companies, as well as in thousands of smaller ventures. Our blue-chip customers include: Motorola, Siemens, Ericsson, Nokia, Lucent Technologies, Olympus Optical Co., Nortel Networks, Unisys, UBS, Dresdner Bank AG, General Electric.
Our headquarters is located in New Zealand, and our international team consists of people from Cyprus, Israel, Russia, and other countries.
Our programmers are experienced in communications, encryption, networking, and a variety of programming languages and are dedicated to the creation of high quality software that a growing number of customers rely on.
HQ in Kiwiland may not be safe however...proffr's netwatch reports increased social revolution there involving even suicide bombing.More information available by small donation.

@_date: 1999-05-08 01:48:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Police disinfo about murdered girls internet activities. 
An International pattern of criminal deception?
Benjamin T. Moore, Jr.,
Private Detective/Body Guard, Writer and Jazz Musician (Tenor Sax)      The very existence of "Carnivore" poses a conundrum most profound. It was not long ago that FBI Director Louie Freeh sat before the Congress of these United States, lamenting the wide spread use of encryption on the Internetand specifically PGP.
According to Director Freeh, PGP - Pretty GoodPrivacy - made it possible for terrorist, criminals, pedophile and averitable garden salad of riff raff, to plot and plan the destruction of our "free state" with impunity.
According to Director Freeh, without the Congress mandating either the outlawing of PGP or the inclusion of a back-door into PGP and all other strong encryption - mandatory key escrow -doom would befall the American people without the FBI being able to protectus.
ENTER CARNIVORE
Now comes this same FBI with a device that will in effect be a permanentfull time wiretap on all Internet communications. *IF* Director Freeh's assertions were correct before Congress, Carnivore is useless for catching criminals, terrorist or pedophile, who according to Freeh all use unbreakable encryption. Thus, one must ask, who is Freeh actually after? Or, does Director Freeh know something that none of us are aware of? Has PGP already been cracked? Do they have access to real quantum computers? The very development of "Carnivore" makes no sense *IF* what Director Freeh testified to before the Congress was correct.
If on the other hand, Director Freeh was lying in his testimony before Congress, again we must ask why and to what end? *IF* PGP has already been compromised, what better way to give those using it a false sense of security than to have the Director of the FBI in essence give it a glowing endorsement? Yet, according to some of the brightest minds in the private sector, the assertions of Director Freeh were absolutely correct! PGP does in fact use unbreakable encryption.
Could it be as we've always suspected? The FBI is more interested in going after innocent citizens than it is in going after the real criminals? Carnivore is basically a tool that throws a wide net and filters everything from everybody. It violates the 4th Amendment to the Constitution. It violates due process - 5th and 6th Amendments - it is not only the camel's nose under the tent, it's sliding down the slippery slope and off the precipice and into the yawning chasm!
*IF* Carnivore is allowed to be activated, it will set a precedence there percussions of which will be lasting and damning! It has the potential to end our way of life. The internet is really the beginnings of a global telephone system. It is terrifying to those in power who feel the need to control populations via information deprivation. Want to know what's really happening in Kosovo? Log on and talk to somebody actually there. Did the US bomb a bio-warfare factory in Iraq? Or was it really a hospital? The major media gets it's news from White House press briefings with "B-Roll" from specially selected sites made available to them by the US military. Is this really *NEWS*??? No, the internet is a very frightening thing to those fearful of losing power.
"Carnivore" would be like having a permanent wire tap on your home telephone with a tape rolling at all times. Have you ever had a conversation over the phone with a friend wherein you spoke negatively of the President of the United States? Would you have said the same things if you knew the Secret Service was listening in? Have you ever had a conversation with a friend around April 15th and spoke negatively of the IRS? Maybe you referred to them as being "organized crime incarnate?" Did you fear being audited because you expressed a negative opinion? Would you have expressed the same feelings if you knew the person who could have you audited was listening in?
The very notion of "Freedom of Speech and expression," implies privacy. Without privacy the 1st Amendment becomes meaningless! What price safety? More and more cameras are going up in public and not so public places. The justification has always been the public safety. How a camera prevents someone from *committing* a crime is beyond me. There were cameras in the school in Columbine on that fateful day. The cameras recorded the carnage. They didn't stop it. They didn't even give law enforcement the needed information to move in quickly enough to prevent several persons from bleeding to death. Cameras like "Carnivore" only provide information useful *AFTER* the fact.
The simple truth is, nobody can live in the United States of America without breaking numerous laws everyday. You just don't realize you're breaking them. Farmers have lost their property because a "black footed gerbil" decided to take up residence in one of their fields. A federally protected species seems to take precedence over voting tax payers. From speeding to J-Walking, if you were fined or imprisoned each time you fractured a law, you'd be bankrupt in 60 days. Throw in the draconian conspiracy laws, and you could be arrested at anytime for almost anything. If you have too much cash on you, it can be confiscated under the drug laws without you ever being charged for any crime. You'll spend more in attorney's fees to get it back than it was worth in the beginning. Have too little cash on you and you can be arrested for vagrancy. What's the right amount of cash to carry? Well, that depends on your race and where you are.
To conclude, we need "Carnivore" like we need another hole in our heads! By the FBI's own admission, "Carnivore" is not going to catch criminals. This means if you're not a criminal, you soon will be.
Benjamin T. Moore, Jr.
btmoore at iname.com
Home Page: Page me on the WWW at: Use your Web Browser to get my PGP Public Keys from:

@_date: 1999-05-08 02:09:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: See no evil. 
Counterintelligence Book Review.(Counter intelligence could be the opeRATive words  here,pr)
By CI Centre Professor Hayden B. Peake
A Street-Man’s Story
See No Evil: The True Story of a Ground Soldier in the CIA's War on Terrorism
By Robert BAER
(New York: Crown, 2002), 284 pp., glossary, photos, index.  $25.95
Edward SHIRLEY’s acidic Know Thine Enemy is a recent contribution to the intelligence literature of discontent.  At first glance Robert BAER’s book might appear to fall in the same category, but that judgment would be wrong.  See No Evil is better characterized as a memoir of disillusionment written in a positive style, not the bitter tone of those who wrote because they could not cope with the demands of the clandestine life.  While at times critical, BAER clearly is proud of the CIA and his service during his twenty-four year career.  The book tells of his unusual upbringing and his recruitment by the Agency that saw in him the makings of a promising case officer.  With restrained modesty, BAER provides a first hand view of a successful case officer in the field as an operational street man.
A central theme of the book is the over-reliance on technical collection at the expense of human intelligence.  Fluent in Arabic, BAER served in the Middle East and at times worked against those directly involved with terrorism.  He argues that finding and listening to people who know what is going on, despite their often less than savory pedigrees, should be routine not the exception.  His examples supporting this truth include comments on Osama bin LADEN’s operations, his experiences in the Biqa Valley, the government’s failure to support a military coup designed to overthrow Saddam HUSSEIN, and the neglect of fundamentalist activities in Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia in the 1990s.  He also stresses the problem of language skills that has long plagued the Agency.  It was his command of Arabic that allowed him to learn of the intent to kidnap Americans in Lebanon, though his out-of-channel warnings did not prevent them.
In the mid 1980s, while assigned to CIA Headquarters, BAER observed the initial activities of the newly formed National Counterintelligence Center led by the FBI.  This little known tale of an attempt to solve an operational problem with an organizational fix is disturbing at best.  Back at Headquarters in the 1990s, after an assignment in post Gulf-war Iraq, he got involved with CLINTON White House politics; a bizarre story that does not reflect well on National Security Council political stars and their sycophantic subordinates.  On the CIA side, he tells of the environment of political correctness that prevailed during the CLINTON administration and the long term consequences that this could have on the Agency if it is allowed to continue.
This is a timely book, documented with intriguing, often awesome, stories written with a sense of humor.  BAER’s comments on the tradecraft of espionage as practiced on the ground—the successes and the failures—will enlighten historians and layman interested in the profession.  See No Evil should be mandatory reading for all candidates for the clandestine service and the analysts—geographic, functional and technical—who benefit from the collector’s hard work.
This is a fine memoir, one of the very best ever written.

@_date: 1999-05-08 02:15:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cloak and Dollar. 
Counterintelligence Book Review
By CI Centre Professor Hayden B. Peake
Con-Men At The Top?
Cloak and Dollar: A History of American Secret Intelligence
By Rhodri JEFFREYS-JONES
(New Haven: Yale University Press, 2002)
357 pp., endnotes, bibliography, index.
In this, his latest assault on American intelligence, Rhodri JEFFREYS-JONES—professor of American history at the University of Edinburgh—argues that in America there is a “special reason why secret intelligence has tended to run amok with taxpayers’ money... the emergence, within intelligence circles, of the confidence man.”  Using “smooth talk, hyperbole, deception
”   the “American spy
 has played a leading part” in the creation of “menaces and crises that were by no means always what they seemed to be.  They have ranged from Confederate assassination plots to Western land fraud, from white slavery to communism, from German sabotage to Chinese espionage, from crack cocaine scares to digital encryption.”
This view is in part provocative, misleading, deceptive and untrue.  The author’s confidence man role model is Civil War detective Allan PINKERTON who, we are told, “was dismissed from Abraham LINCOLN’s intelligence service for exaggerating enemy strength.  In an attempt to reingratiate himself with the president, PINKERTON warned of an assassination plot.”
For the record, LINCOLN never had an intelligence service and PINKERTON was not dismissed from anything.  Furthermore, PINKERTON warned the president about the assassination plot before his inauguration, not after.  And both of these events occurred before he made any enemy strength assessments.  He did offer his services to LINCOLN after the inauguration but never received a response.  PINKERTON served General McCLELLAN and quit when his boss was relieved after Antietam, in 1862, never to return to Washington officialdom.  In short, PINKERTON was a detective and did little for the intelligence profession beyond embellishing his memoirs with exaggerated often fictitious exploits.[1]
Although off to a troubling start, nothing diminishes the author’s unrelenting attachment to PINKERTON and his putative legacy¾he appears throughout the book.  This is as difficult to understand as his assertion that William “DONOVAN had become the new PINKERTON”¾a truly an odious comparison.  History is challenged further when he claims that “Allan PINKERTON put espionage on a professional basis.”  There are far better candidates for this distinction starting with George WASHINGTON.  JEFFREYS-JONES dismisses with gross distortions the formative contributions of DONOVAN and J. Edgar HOOVER on this point.  In any case, if credit is to be assigned for that contribution, others deserve it, not The FBI does not escape attention and the author consistently fails to distinguish between the half of the organization concerned with investigating crime and the portion formed much later, concerned with espionage.  The FBI’s predecessor, the Bureau of Investigation (BI), is identified in the book as an “emblematic secret intelligence” agency “formed in 1908.”  In fact, the BI took that name in March 1909 and before that time there was only a group of federal investigators headed by a Chief Examiner, Stanley FINCH.  He became Chief of the BI in 1909, when no part of it was an intelligence agency.  The JEFFREYS-JONES comment that ”FBI Chief Stanley W. FINCH insisted that no daughter, wife, or mother was safe from ‘white slavery’ gangs
” is out of context to say the least.   FINCH, of course, was never Chief of the FBI.  The “White Slave” controversy of 1910 was investigated by FINCH’s BI in its capacity as a federal police organization charged with investigating and prosecuting crime.  Its involvement with espionage began during WWI and even then was not its major responsibility.  The implicit equating of the BI and later the FBI criminal investigation activities and their intelligence operations distorts and misrepresents the legacies of both.
In a remarkable chapter entitled “U-1—The Agency Nobody Knew,” Prof. JEFFREYS-JONES departs, without explanatory comment, from his “con-man” theme to argue that the State Department once controlled American intelligence through an “agency without a name
formed in 1915” that “flourished briefly and dominated the intelligence scene before the FBI finally made its mark.  Insiders referred to it simply as U-1.”  There is more:
U-1 was so obscure and so secretive that it did not even have to try to suppress the news of its existence
.It was elitist and snobbish, intellectual and quiet.  It was also in some ways effective, and an emblem of how American secret intelligence might be organized in the future.  Yet ominously for the quieter mode of espionage, U-1 was dissolved in .  The appellation U-1 stems from terminology introduced following WWI (p. 60).
As Prof. JEFFREYS-JONES himself acknowledges, what became U-1 after the war was set up as a coordinating element within the State Department.  For reasons not clear, he attaches organizational powers to it far beyond what he is able to document.  The other elements of American intelligence during WWI¾the Army’s MID, and Navy’s ONI, the BI, and the Secret Service, were in no sense subordinate to U-1, an interpretation one might reasonably infer from his assertions.  Nor can U-1 be considered dominant in any sense of that word.  The State Department did run agents in Russia, but so did MID.  U-1’s official demise in 1927 came about from its inability to even coordinate intelligence effectively.[2]
Despite occasional admissions of a “deserved reputation for past successes,” JEFFREYS-JONES hammers away at his agenda chronicling the familiar failures of intelligence in chapters on DULLES and the CIA, the Bay of Pigs, Vietnam, Watergate, and Iran-Contra.  While the basic facts are correct, JEFFREYS-JONES views each as the logical consequence of a “tradition of hyperbole and spin” rather than unsuccessful, if in some cases cockamamie, attempts to implement Presidential policies aimed at countering Soviet Cold War realities, or just plain security failures.  There are also comments on the Church Committee hearings that created “a new atmosphere of trust,” and some recent counterintelligence cases--AMES and briefly, HANSSEN--though NICHOLSON and PITTS are excluded.
Returning to his central theme, we learn that the DCI’s were not the sole advocates of the “PINKERTON legacy”.  Recent presidents also encouraged the con-man tradition.  Ronald REAGAN, became a player according to JEFFREYS-JONES when he “told the American people” to trust him “to twist the truth in your interest.”  The words are JEFFREYS-JONES’, not REAGAN’s.  President CLINTON too, played along writes the author, though “he was not so much hooked by the Agency as sold on it.”  Or as his quote of Washington Post columnist Mary McGORY puts it, CLINTON “dares not lift a finger against the spooks.”  All this will surprise many who served during the CLINTON years.
In the current post Cold War era “the CIA and its siblings” are portrayed as the heirs of the con-man tradition underpinning what the author calls “the real American Century,” the 21st century, as described by the “Cold War triumphalists.”  An additional bonus came, he adds, with the events of September 11, 2001, which created a “custom made” situation “for the intelligence confidence man and his political allies.”  Once again, writes Prof. JEFFREYS-JONES, came the cries to “unleash the CIA.  Once again it was tempting to reward failure
.”  The source of the “cries” is not given, the source of the conclusion is obvious.  With these deeply held views, this history of American intelligence ends on a note calling for “the United States intelligence community to become more a part of the wider world that has inspired and continued to invigorate the great nation of immigrants.”  Some in America would argue that goal was achieved long ago.
If the distorted unbalanced assessment of American intelligence presented by Prof. JEFFREYS-JONES stimulates constructive discussion of all points of view, it will serve a useful purpose.  But as a stand alone survey of the role of intelligence in America and the world, it is a gross disservice.  The students deserve better and so does American history.
[1]  For more on PINKERTON’s contribution, see Edwin C. FISHEL, The Secret War for the Union: The Untold Story of Intelligence in the Civil War (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1996).
[2]  The documentation given by JEFFREYS-JONES for the creation of U-1 is slim.  Endnote # 3, page 299 gives a clue citing a Frank POLK diary entry for 16 June 1916, and adding that “A more extensive treatment of U-1
 is in JEFFREYS-JONES’, American Espionage
” though there is nothing there that documents its creation further.  On page 79 of this book, the official end of U-1 is noted quoting a memo from the Secretary of State.  U-1 is mentioned in Christopher ANDREW’s For The President’s Eyes Only (p. 37) where the associated endnote indicates it was formed in 1916; the same diary entry given by JEFFREYS-JONES is cited.  George O’TOOLE also mentions U-1, but cites JEFFREYS-JONES American Espionage as his source.  Neither reference indicates that U-1 “dominated the intelligence scene” or was elitist and snobbish.”

@_date: 1999-05-08 02:22:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Espionage wilderness of mirrors. 
Counterintelligence Book Review
By CI Centre Professor Hayden B. Peake
An Encyclopedic Disappointment .
Espionage: An Encyclopedia of Spies and Secrets
By Richard M. BENNETT
(London: Virgin Books, Ltd., 2002)
371 pp., bibliography, photos, index.  $29.99.
The dust jacket describes Richard BENNETT as an “intelligence analyst since 1966,” and lists other impressive credentials.  Nevertheless, his encyclopedia of espionage, the most recent of the many books in this genre, stands alone as the most error filled by any measure.  This is particularly disappointing because reference works of this sort have a special obligation to get it right.  In his Preface, David SHAYLER—the former MI5 officer charged with violations of the Official Secrets Act—claims it is ”a wealth of facts
 which have never been available in one publication before.”  James BAMFORD, author of Body of Secrets, writes in the Foreword that BENNETT “not only defines the language of spying he also presents comprehensive outlines of the intelligence services
 of the world today, and biographical sketches of key players, past and present.”  From these statements one can only conclude that the writers did not read the book or do not know the subject.
The entries are arranged alphabetically; they describe people, cases, and organizations intermingled with definitions and photographs.  In this mix are included BENNETT’s own views supplied without the documentation that a conscientious analyst or reader would expect to see in footnotes.  A typical example is the statement that the “CIA does not seem to have an efficient, centralized analytic apparatus, one that can distinguish credible intelligence from fantasy.”  But equally important are the abundant factual errors so numerous that representative samples are appended in tabular form to these comments.  Not specifically identified are the approximately 100 misspelled names—some more than once.  Citations for each correction noted are not given for two reasons.  First, the accurate data, properly footnoted, are easily found in the open literature.  Second, should a corrected edition be contemplated, the task of making the changes is left to the author.
There are accurate entries in this book, but trying to separate them from the inaccurate ones is too much work for the layman or student.  In short, the entire book is tainted by appalling editing and scholarship—a waste of time and money.
Typical Inaccuracies:
      KGB officer Rudolf ABEL was “exposed by one of his own cut-outs;” in fact it was by his colleague, another illegal, Reno HAYHANEN, who was not a ·          Rudolf ABEL was the real name of the KGB illegal who used it; not so, he was really Willi FISHER.
·          Philip AGEE is identified as a ‘whistleblower’ rather than the DGI/KGB agent he became.
·          AFSA is not the Air Force Security Services as stated on page 3; it stood for the Armed Forces Security Agency.
·          Claims that Maj. ANDRE was challenged by a rebel patrol are wrong; in fact it was a group of bandits who turned him in when he didn’t have enough money to pay his way to freedom.
·          James ANGLETON died in 1980; 1987 is correct.
·          GOLITSYN was a “charming con-artist;” he was anything but charming, and he was a defector.
·          ANGLETON could walk into DULLES’ office unannounced; nonsense, just ask his secretary.
·          COLBY allowed ANGLETON to stay as a consultant hoping he would resign; not so, COLBY fired ANGLETON first and then allowed him to phase out as a consultant.
·          The ARCOS affair was a diplomatic incident by a Soviet spy ring; hardly that, it was a planned operation by the British Security Service that raided the ARCOS headquarters.
·          Klaus FUCHS was a member of the ROSENBERG spy ring; not so, there was no direct connection between FUCHS and the ROSENBERGS; they were completely separate rings.
·          Samuel CAHAN was the NKVD controller for BLUNT, BURGESS, and CAIRNCROSS; not according to their controller Yuri MODIN, among others.
·          COLBY was replaced by Adm. TURNER; not so, George H. W. BUSH had that honor.
·          GARBO was captured and turned by the XX Committee; incorrect, GARBO volunteered to the Brits several times before being accepted as an agent.
·          GOUZENKO’s information exposed Klaus FUCHS; not so, VENONA did that.  Most of the other putative facts in the GOUZENKO entry are incorrect.
·          PHILBY went up to Cambridge in 1928; wrong, it was 1929.
·          CORNFORD helped to recruit PHILBY, MACLEAN and BURGESS; not so, he was not involved.  See The MITROHKIN Archive.
·          PHILBY put SIS officers in touch with Sandor RADO; others have made this claim but like BENNETT never produced anything to verify the ·          PHILBY became a close confidant of DONOVAN and DULLES; incorrect, he never met DONOVAN during the war and had only an official contact with DULLES.
·          BLUNT informed PHILBY that MACLEAN was about to be arrested; hardly the case, PHILBY told BURGESS who told BLUNT.
·          PHILBY notified BURGESS after he had returned to London; not so, it was before he returned to London.
·          BURGESS fled in a panic to MOSCOW; incorrect, he was ordered to go by the MGB on the pretext of being allowed to return.
·          PHILBY became a Major General in the KGB; he was never more than agent TOM and he knew it.
·          John WALKER began selling secrets in 1962; more like 1968.
·          The U-2 provides continuous coverage; no aircraft does that.
·          Ian FLEMING’ years in SIS; he was in Naval Intelligence.
·          Morris COHEN and his wife “hurriedly fled to London” from New York; wrong they fled to Europe before going to London.
·          KRIVITSKY was a Major General; KRIVITSKY never held general rank, and never claimed that he did.
·          KRIVITSKY was fully debriefed by the FBI; wrong, he was never fully debriefed by the FBI, a major mistake.
·          MI5 attached little importance to KRIVITSKY’s information; nonsense, they thought it extremely valuable, particularly the portion that revealed to crypto penetrations.
·          INSCOM Headquarters are at Ft. Huachuca, AZ; try Ft. Belvoir, VA.
·          Former DCI HELMS was found guilty of perjury; never happened.
·          HELMS had never been considered a leader or director, only a caretaker; only an outsider or one who has not read any reliable source about the CIA would make such foolish statement.
·          The FBI is starting to make all employees undergo polygraph testing; wrong, only certain ones.
·          OSS was dismantled by TRUMAN in 1946; incorrect, OSS was abolished effective 1 October 1945.
·          The Firm is a popular term for the CIA among is own personnel; ·          BLUNT provided the evidence that caused CAIRCROSS to confess; not so, he tried to hide it, but it was discovered in BURGESS’ apartment.
·          The Soviets fed false information through the phone lines tapped by the Berlin tunnel operation; just the opposite, they did not inform the Red Army or the GRU the lines were tapped.
·          GOUZENKO was in touch with the RCMP Security Service before he defected and his cover was as a cipher clerk; rubbish on both counts, though some academics have speculated as much.
·          A member of the Lucy Ring, Rudolf ROESSLER, worked for both MI6 and OSS; he worked for neither one.
·          The CIA organization is over a year out of date and many of the elements are incorrectly identified; see the CIA home page.
·          Adm. SOUERS was D/CIG; not correct; he was the first DCI; same error with Adm. HILLENKOETTER and General V ANDERBERG; and the same correction.
·          R. James WOOLSEY was DCI from February 1993 — May 1994; incorrect he served until January 1995.
·          John DEUTCH was DCI from May 1994 — July 1997; incorrect, he served May 1995 until December 1996.
·          COLBY was DCI form 1963-1976; incorrect, it was 1973-1976.
·     ·          The False Flag definition is wrong; the service involved does not have to be hostile, the only requirement is that the agent or asset think he/she is responding to one service when it is actually another service controlling the situation.
·          The definition for double agent is wrong; the term officer is not correct, a double agent involves an agent who is turned by one side to work against the service that recruited him.
·          There is no such thing as a defector-in-place; it is an oxymoron.
·          The definition for walk-in is incorrect.  First a defector who walks-in does not offer work in place, he defects.  If a potential defector offers or agrees to work in place, he is an agent-in-place or in some cases a mole.  Walk-in also applies to potential agents who volunteer their services, AMES and HANSSEN being two recent examples.
·          DCI SMITH began his service in 1959, it was 1950.
·          It is the Federal Bureau of Investigation, not Investigations.
·          “Cointelpro during WWII”, contrary to BENNETT, the was no program with that name until many years later.
·          The VENONA story is inaccurate and incomplete, see any of the several books on VENONA for an accurate account.
·          There is an organization called the Joint Intelligence Centre; wrong, but there is a Joint Intelligence Committee.
·          Edward Lee HOWARD was the first CIA traitor; wrong again.  He was not in the CIA when he went to work for the KGB and there are several other candidates: AGEE and Larry CHINN to name two.  Contrary to BENNETT, HOWARD was not hired “despite his suspicious background.”
·          Osama bin LADEN, “as late as July 2001 and despite being a hunted man
 was able to travel safely to an American Hospital in a Gulf State to receive treatment for a serious kidney problem.”  The hospital concerned denied the story.  No evidence to the contrary is supplied by BENNETT.

@_date: 1999-05-08 02:38:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Socialism or Barbaraism. 
Potential $1 million award to a former woman spy
By BILL STRAUB
August 13, 2002
It was June 1971. The war in Vietnam was raging and, as Bob Dylan noted, "there was revolution in the air."
Barbara Makuch was just 18, the daughter of a Nazi concentration camp survivor devoted to the ideals of the United States. She was in northwest New York, riding in a car with "a crazy Maoist" who told her about his plans to bomb a local NBC-TV affiliate and the student union at the University of Buffalo.
"Kids were going to die," recalled Makuch from the kitchen of her home in East Amherst, N.Y. She alerted the authorities, the bomb plot was thwarted and a career as a spook for the FBI was successfully launched.
Over the next two decades, during the intense Cold War years, Makuch infiltrated several domestic operations fronting for the Russian government. Known only by her mother and husband, she was recruited by the KGB "who needed someone who looked regular" for their own clandestine efforts in the United States. She traveled regularly between Buffalo and Moscow as a double agent while consistently maintaining her allegiance to her adopted home in America.
Information she obtained served as the basis for a meeting in October 1987 between then-Secretary of State George Shultz and then-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. The meeting led to the historic summit between Gorbachev and President Ronald Reagan. By the mid-1980s, Makuch was the key to understanding the secret funding channels and methods used to funnel U.S. currency - more than $21 million in the 1980s alone - from the Soviet Union to communist front sources operating in America.
"I became an agent of influence for the Soviets," she said. "I basically passed information between the KGB and front organizations here in this country." All, she stressed, under the direction of the FBI.
It cost her a marriage and probably the health of her second husband, Eugene Makuch, who worked with her in the trenches of the American spy community. Since leaving the service in 1992, she has experienced problems finding work. She earned no more than $300 a week for her efforts and, despite promises from FBI officials, neither she nor her husband have been provided with disability, Social Security, health care or pension benefits.
But that may be changing. The House has passed special legislation sponsored by Rep. Tom Reynolds, R-N.Y., which would award Makuch $1 million for her service as a foreign counterintelligence agent. Eugene Makuch, who has undergone two kidney transplants and a brain aneurysm that left him in a coma for two months, would also receive $1 million for his efforts under separate legislation. Both proposals are pending in the Senate.
Assistant Attorney General Daniel Bryant said of Makuch, "With her husband, she provided critical information that allowed the FBI to offset espionage activities planned by the Soviet Union against the United States and our allies. Without doubt, their long-term assistance and service demonstrated an admirable commitment to safeguarding the security of our nation."
Makuch, 49, said her family history and a well-defined sense of patriotism led her to become a spy. Her Polish father had been imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp and she was born in a refugee camp in post-war Germany. An uncle was shot by Russian communists for refusing to destroy a cross on the wall of his home in the Ukraine. A grandfather was "an active fighter against the Soviets."
"The things you're told as a child stay with you," she said. "It sort of gives you intestinal fortitude. My life was formed by those events and this is a wonderful country."
The family moved to Great Britain when Makuch was 8 but ended up in the United States, settling around Buffalo when she was 14. Just four years later she was an FBI "asset."
"The fact that I am not dead today is by the grace of God and my own gut," she said. "I knew I could die. Yet - and believe me, this is not heroic talk - I think about what my family had gone through and I think about World War II."
There were dangerous moments. She was "an undercover activist," involving herself in New Left organizations receiving surreptitious - and illegal - funding from the Soviet bloc and reporting the activities to the FBI.
Her work as an activist was brought to the attention of the KGB, which recruited her to pass information to the front organizations and serve "as a cover for drops when they came to Niagara Falls." She recruited students, anti-war and peace activists "who didn't know what they were doing" for the KGB. At all times she kept the FBI fully informed.
Had they know about her activities, Makuch quoted one agent as saying, "they would have rolled up off the sidewalk and put a bullet in your head."
In her role as a double agent, Makuch traveled to the Soviet Union about a half-dozen times to meet with her KGB handlers - never knowing whether Soviet spies in the United States had passed on information that could betray her. She was friends with Yevgeni Primakov, the head of the notorious KGB, as well as Gennady Yaniev, vice president under Gorbachev, always making sure to bring him a bottle of Johnny Walker Red Label Scotch when she visited.
"It was probably the most dangerous around '85," she said. "We began the dance of death. I was being tested by the Soviets on a very regular basis. If I had been caught, I would have been shot. I had nowhere to turn when I was over there - no names of anyone. The testing was in order to instill fear in me. I was in situations where people told me they killed people with their bare hands. One time in Chautauqua (N.Y.) I didn't think I was going to get out of a room."
In 1992, after years of "living on adrenaline most of the time," and with her husband in deteriorating health, Makuch told the FBI she wanted out.
"It had become far more dangerous and far more frightening than I wanted to deal with," she said.
But there was one final case involving the National Council of American-Soviet Friendship, a Soviet front organization receiving funding from Moscow. Makuch had risen up the ranks to obtain an executive position in the group and on Feb. 6, 1987, met with Rev. Alan Thomson, the council's executive director in her room at the J.W. Marriott Hotel in Washington, D.C. There he handed her $17,000, obtained from the KGB, and explained how to deposit the money without attracting the attention of federal regulators.
Unbeknownst to Thomson, the transaction was being recorded by the FBI in an adjacent room. Thomson subsequently was indicted on federal money laundering charges but it wasn't until May 21, 1992, that he pleaded guilty.
For her work, Barbara Makuch won the Louis E. Peters Memorial Award, the highest civilian award presented by the FBI, in 1992. Now, with her husband in ill health and the bills mounting, Makuch is hoping for some assistance. And with Sept. 11 still clear in the nation's rear view mirror, she hopes her experiences will convince others to get involved.
"At this horrible time in our country, I want people to come forward and serve their country," she said. "Yes, it was dangerous. Yes, death was just around the corner. But I would go back in a heartbeat."
On the Net:
(Reach Bill Straub at straubb(at)shns.com)
or jya cryptome.

@_date: 1999-05-08 02:43:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Putin accused of northwoodsing 1st Chechen war. 
"So here it turns out that before the first Russian-Chechen war had started, Russian secret services blew up a railroad and buses, and before the second war they blew up apartment buildings in Moscow and Volgodonsk. The bandits in Russian Army uniforms in Northern Caucasus are «backed up» and «covered» by nobody else but the President of the country - the KGB man Mafia and CIA collusion? That's crazy,right? lay off the vodka Boris.

@_date: 1999-05-08 02:49:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Kuwait fairy tales. 
From babies thrown from incubators to this...
CIA Recruiting Iranian Spies in Kuwait: Website
TEHRAN TIMES POLITICAL DESK
TEHRAN -- The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has set up a branch in Kuwait to recruit 50,000 Iranians for espionage purposes against the Islamic Republic, announced the Persian-language ****Daricheh**** website The site reported that CIA in its advertisement had allocated a monthly wage of 250 to 350 dollars with the annual salary of 3,000 to 4,000 dollars for the applicants.
The advertisement is a repetition of similar notices circulated in the Persian Gulf countries before, the website announced.

@_date: 1999-05-08 02:55:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Blueprints of Nimrods WRA4 nosecone now available on Bnet. 
Soon...real soon.
THE pride of Britain, and Cheshire, has rolled out into the sunshine for its big debut.
The new generation Nimrod spy and attack plane was unveiled at Woodford, where 18 are being built for the Royal Air Force.
BAE Systems in Woodford is manufacturing the new Nimrods for the RAF as part of a contract worth £2.2 billion, awarded back in 1996.
The move has helped safeguard hundreds of jobs at the BAE sites at Woodford and at Chadderton, in Oldham.
The first of three test aircraft, which form part of the 18 Maritime Reconnaissance Attack (MRA)4 planes, was moved from a hangar for the first Its first flight is due to take place before the end of the year and the MRA4s will be delivered to the RAF between 2004 and 2007. The aircraft is best known for its search and rescue missions and has helped save entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson on several occasions.
It will also be used in anti-submarine warfare and anti-surface unit warfare as well as intelligence gathering.
The Nimrod MRA4 will have a completely new undercarriage to allow for the increase in maximum take-off weight, BMW/Rolls Royce BR-710 engines, as well as leading edge computers and weapon systems.
A spokesman for BAE Systems said: "The MRA4 aircraft is of national and international significance, and will fulfil the UK's maritime patrol, reconnaissance, intelligence and strike requirements well into the 21st "It is a very complex project and it's a tribute to the workforce that it is being built here."

@_date: 1999-05-08 03:07:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: On S11 lawsuits,saberRATtling. 
US lawsuit ‘worthless and ineffective’
RIYADH/JEDDAH, 19 August — Saudi lawyers have described the lawsuit filed by relatives of people killed in the Sept. 11 attacks in the US as "worthless and ineffective under US law.""They can only demand compensation after the parties involved are convicted," the lawyers said referring to the lawsuit seeking trillions... (full story).
Saudi banks, more charities deny terrorism charge
RIYADH, 19 August — More Islamic charities and Saudi banks named in a lawsuit by families of Sept. 11 victims denied yesterday any role in funding terrorism and blasted the case as an attempt to extort Saudi wealth abroad.In a civil suit filed in a Washington court on Thursday, relatives... (full story).
Boycott calls gathering momentum in Kingdom
JEDDAH, 19 August — Calls for boycotting US products in the Kingdom and elsewhere in the Middle East are growing as many Muslims believe that it is an effective weapon to change America’s pro-Israeli policies."We should not ignore the calls for boycott of US products. It has proved effective," Ihsan... (full story).
A boycott on oil sales might help.
Challenging ignorance on Islam: A ten-point primer for Americans
"We should invade [Muslim] countries, kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity." Columnist Ann Coulter, National Review Online, Sept. 13, 2001 "Just turn [the sheriff] loose and have him arrest every Muslim that crosses the state line." Rep. C. Saxby Chambliss (R-GA), chairman of the House Subcommittee on Terrorism... (full story).
Making enemies of one’s friends
LONDON, 19 August — Europeans are beginning to experience the same sensations of impotence that Muslims long have. Whatever they think or say, it is tossed in the wastepaper basket by their American friends.In the last week or so it has become evident that the Bush administration is hell bent... (full story).

@_date: 1999-05-08 03:11:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Chuck Haynes on the war on terra. 
Watch out: War on terrorism should not mean war on Islam
Inside the First Amendment
By Charles Haynes
Senior scholar, First Amendment Center
Printer-friendly page
Watch out, America.
A growing number of media commentators, religious leaders and elected officials are pushing to transform the war on terrorism into a war on Islam.
Franklin Graham and other Christian ministers are now loudly condemning Islam as a “religion of violence.” They would have us believe that the 9/11 hijackers didn’t hijack Islam (as President Bush insists) – they were only doing what the Quran commands.
My mailbox is full of letters from people who feel this way. Typical is the woman who writes to inform me that Islam is “a fanatical religion that is being thrust upon us under the guise of political correctness.”
Clearly the war on terrorism has unleashed deep resentments about Islam in America — and provided a golden opportunity for those seeking to advance anti-immigration, anti-Muslim or other agendas in the name of preserving a “Christian nation.”
Watch out, America. This war of words is already escalating into acts of intolerance and hate against Muslim Americans — and risks further alienating us from the world’s 1.2 billion Muslims.
Consider the current uproar over a summer reading assignment at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill. Incoming freshmen are required to read Approaching the Qur’an: The Early Revelations by Michael Sells, a scholar of comparative religions at Haverford College. When they arrive on campus this fall, they’ll briefly discuss the book in small groups led by a member of the faculty. Students who object to the reading may “opt out” and write a paper explaining why they did so.
 From the over-the-top reaction, you might think that reading this book threatens the health of the nation. A group called the Family Policy Institute filed suit, claiming that the university is violating the First Amendment by promoting Islam. Fox’s Bill O’Reilly has taken to the airwaves to complain that the university was teaching “the religion of our enemy.” He compared assigning the Quran to assigning Hitler’s Mein Kampf. Meanwhile, outraged North Carolina legislators just voted to cut off funds for the assignment. One lawmaker declared that students shouldn’t be “required to study this evil.”
Sorting through all of this anger and ignorance is tough. But let’s at least clear away the First Amendment issues. It isn’t unconstitutional for the university to teach about Islam. Sells’ book merely introduces students to material from one of the world’s most influential books. Religious liberty isn’t violated by asking students to read these “early revelations” (especially since the university permits students to complete an alternate assignment if reading the book offends their faith).
Of course, the fact that the assignment is constitutional doesn’t make it above criticism. More reasonable critics have suggested that study of the Quran would make more sense in the context of a course on Islam taught by a qualified teacher. And others have noted (rightly) that in past summers the university hasn’t assigned readings from Christian, Jewish or other scriptures.
The loudest critics, however, could not care less about what the First Amendment says – or how best to teach about Islam or other religions. They seem determined to use this controversy as an opportunity to demonize Islam.
This is dangerous and wrong. But since most Americans know little or nothing about Islam (and since the 9/11 terrorists claimed to be acting in the name of Islam), it’s all too easy to convince people that Islam is an evil and violent faith.
One of the most frequent (and insidious) tactics used to attack Islam is the practice of lifting a few verses out of the Quran to “prove” that Islam promotes violence. But this is a deeply flawed and misleading way to understand the core beliefs and practices of any religious tradition.
During the Civil War era, for example, selected passages from the Bible were frequently used to defend slavery. But many Christians rejected that interpretation, pointing out that the abolition of slavery was required by the core teachings of Jesus Christ.
Taken in context — and understood in the light of a careful study of Islamic history and practice — there is much evidence to suggest that President Bush got it right: For the vast majority of Muslims, Islam is a religion of peace that calls adherents to love of God and compassion toward Islam is not the root cause of the 9/11 attacks, just as Christianity is not the root cause of the violence (on both sides) in Northern Ireland. In both cases — and in many other conflicts throughout history — religious teachings are politicized, distorted and then used as a tool by fanatics to advance their cause.
Shame on O’Reilly (who apparently has no shame), Franklin and everyone else who is using the war on terrorism as an opportunity to promote a simplistic and unfair picture of the Muslim faith.
The best answer to bad speech is good speech. To find out the truth about Islam, speak to your Muslim neighbors, visit your local mosque or Islamic center, read a book about Islam written by a competent scholar.
Watch out, America. Don’t let the war on terrorism become a war on Islam. That would threaten religious liberty at home – and encourage division and violence throughout the world.
Your questions and comments are welcome. Write to:
Charles Haynes
The Freedom Forum First Amendment Center
1101 Wilson Blvd.
Arlington, VA 22209
E-mail: chaynes at freedomforum.org
Recent Charles Haynes columns
·       ·       Feel-good interfaith events may paper over deep differences
But members of different religious traditions shouldn't resort to demonizing others, either, as we remember Sept. 11.08.04.02
·       ·       Religious-diversity lessons in schools can go too far
Having students act out religious rituals and practices puts public schools in the position of sponsoring religion.07.21.02
MORE ON

@_date: 1999-05-08 03:16:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: District Judge Timothy Connell Judge molests children,old 
Minnesota law allows people to bad-mouth a person, and even deliberately lie, to a state regulatory board without fear of legal reprisal, a judge has ruled.
The protection is part of a state law covering "quasi-judicial" agencies, District Judge Timothy Connell decided in overturning a jury verdict recently.
"Without this privilege, there would be a chilling effect upon people coming forth with allegations that should be investigated by boards such as these," the judge said.
The ruling may have ended a case in Worthington that involved questionable allegations against a dentist and a criminal-defamation law apparently dormant for 67 years.
The complicated case began in September 1998, when a caller told the state Board of Dentistry that Dr. Bruce Larson of Worthington had "messed up" his root canal and was practicing while drunk.
But investigators for the board and the attorney general's office discovered that the caller had used a false name and, despite two other anonymous calls, they did not find evidence to support any disciplinary action against the dentist. The case was closed.
Then Worthington police traced phone calls to the home of Jerry Obermoller, Larson's next-door neighbor on Lake Okabena.
Ken Kohler, then the Nobles County attorney, charged Obermoller with criminal defamation, which generally makes it a crime to expose a person or group to "hatred, contempt, ridicule, degradation or disgrace in society or injury to business or occupation."
The offense, a gross misdemeanor, is rarely prosecuted anywhere in the United States. The last case notation found in Minnesota law books was in 1935, and legal experts said the statute could be an unconstitutional infringement on free speech and could stifle complaints to state licensing A Nobles County jury convicted Obermoller in March 2001 after a three-day trial. He was sentenced to probation and fined $1,530. Then Obermoller changed attorneys, hiring Ron Meshbesher of Minneapolis, and asked the judge to throw out the conviction.
Meshbesher cited case law that a defamatory statement is "absolutely privileged" — exempt from civil or criminal defamation under statute — "if published in the course of a judicial or quasi-judicial proceeding and is relevant to the proceedings ... even when made maliciously and with knowledge of falsehood."
Courts have accepted that argument for state agencies, such as the Board of Pardons and the Commerce Department, that have quasi-judicial disciplinary powers, Meshbesher argued.
Despite objections from the prosecutor, the judge agreed and, in an order signed July 30, vacated the conviction. "Essentially, people must feel free to communicate openly with quasi-judicial entities such as the State Board of Dentistry," he wrote.
Joe Friedberg, a Minneapolis attorney who represented Larson in a defamation lawsuit against Obermoller, criticized the decision. He said he would have argued to the judge that, under the decision: "Your Honor, I can report you to the Board of Judicial Standards, say you molest children or little old ladies or little old men, and know it's false, and you can't do anything about it."
Larson said he won an out-of-court settlement in a separate civil lawsuit, in which Obermoller did not admit culpability. The amount is confidential, but "it was nice," he said.

@_date: 1999-05-08 06:41:13
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: surveillance agencies in au 
Mental health bodies may soon be added,real soon.
This page will shortly provide a map of the plethora of surveillance agencies in Australia and New Zealand, covering bodies such as ASIO, ASIS, DSD, GCSB, NCA, NZIS and ACS.
What relevance to Americans?
The Defence Signals Directorate (DSD), the local equivalent of the US NSA, is Australia's major player in the global intelligence community, reflecting a history of cooperation with overseas signals intelligence bodies (notably those in the US, Canada and UK) and advantageous geography for handling radio and satellite traffic. It is a participant in the Echelon network,
The aussies,canucks and limey's spy on you while your nsa spies on us.Round Robin,Reg Req.Ronnie Reagan.
nwad ta kcatta 11 tpes.

@_date: 1999-05-08 06:47:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bipartisan on China. 
China may buy into ASIS web of secrets
By Craig Skehan, Foreign Affairs Correspondent
June 8 2002
A Chinese company with close links to the Peoples' Liberation Army could end up with the contract for the communications network used by Australian diplomats and the Australian Security Intelligence Service.
This includes encrypted messages with the highest security classifications - "Ultra" and "Oyster".
The prospect of a Chinese company owning or part-owning the communications lines for Australia's secrets and information provided by allied intelligence agencies such as the CIA is not without irony.
In 1995 the Herald revealed that Australian intelligence operatives - in a joint operation with the US - had installed fibre-optic bugging devices during construction of the Chinese Embassy in Canberra.
A Foreign Affairs Department spokeswoman yesterday acknowledged that China Netcom was one of several companies interested in buying into Asia Global Crossing, which has already been contracted to provide the Australian communications system.
AGC is 58 per cent owned by its United States-based parent, Global Crossing, which faces restructuring because it is over $12 billion in debt.
Communications industry trade publications have reported that China Netcom is planning to take over AGC.
The Foreign Affairs Department said last night it would not "lose control" of its telecommunications network through changes in ownership.
As well as encryption, the Department had "contingency plans to maintain our network coverage in the unlikely event of any links being disrupted by an AGC restructure".
A departmental spokeswoman maintained that potential investors would have no interest in undermining any investment in AGC by "compromising the integrity of the network".
"We were aware of the financial situation of both AGC and its parent, Global Crossing," she said.
"We looked very closely at the implications of this and structured a contract with AGC which protects us from the consequences of a change in its ownership." This is a reference to what the department claims are escape clauses in the current confidential contract.
However, the Federal Opposition's foreign affairs spokesman, Kevin Rudd, himself a former Australian diplomat who served in China, said last night that the Government needed to explain exactly what checks it had made before signing the contract with AGC last month.
He noted that the contract had been entered into despite the debt problems and planned restructure of the parent company.
"They did not appear to be aware of the possible sale of AGC until it was revealed in the media," Mr Rudd said.
In August 1999, China Netcom was founded by entities affiliated with the Chinese Government.
They included the Chinese Academy of Sciences, which is very closed linked with the general armaments division of the People's Liberation Army.
China Telecom already has some commercial relationship with AGC, including its recent acquisition of communications links between Hong Kong and Los The PM was today congratulating Labor for being first in to China,(pre Nixon)

@_date: 1999-05-08 07:12:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: INSET NAZIS 
"On Tuesday July 30, 9 members of the RCMP, Canada's national police agency, led by Cpl. Derrick Ross of the Integrated National Security Enforcement Team (see sidebar article, "Insidious INSET" below), executed a Search Warrant and raided my home and office in Courtenay, British Columbia. The search and seizure was carried out on behalf of law enforcement from two counties in the State of Maine, under the auspices of the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Treaty."
MORE ON

@_date: 1999-05-08 08:15:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Kernot e-mail 
Police wind up Kernot email probe
The Australian Federal Police will take no further action on a complaint from former Labor MP Cheryl Kernot about unauthorised access to personal Ms Kernot had asked police to investigate how a journalist had obtained copies of emails used to reveal her affair with another former Labor MP Gareth Evans.
Police say electronic records tracing the emails are no longer available, so any further investigation would be unsuccessful.

@_date: 1999-05-08 10:05:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Raise the Fist.Its anarchy I tell you. 
editors at raisethefist.com
Special thanx to  for donating server space to Raisethefist.com. And Kiko for helping us to obtain our remotely backed up It's been over a month since Raisethefist.com was shut down by the U.S Government. Despite the major loss of data, and all of our computer equipment, we're proud to anounce that Raisethefist is back up online, on a remote server. Luckly, after being denied access to our backed up files, we've finally been able to obtain them thanx to persistant letter writing and donations.
Our backups were a few months old, so sadly, some articles are still lost, however the majority of the site's content, and code is intact.
Site includes self publishing,links,anarcho-radio and more.Real anarchists!

@_date: 1999-05-09 01:28:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Revolution in OZ. 
"A regime, an established order, is rarely overthrown by a revolutionary movement; usually a regime collapses of its own weakness and corruption and then a revolutionary movement enters among the ruins and takes over the powers that have become vacant."
Everyone a remailer,everyone a mint,everyone a wizard/witch.Crypto confessionals,free drugs/love.Tax breaks,religons have quite a bit in favour.Faith based vouchers are flowing,wtf are we waiting for? We already have Toto.

@_date: 1999-05-09 01:55:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist Portal gets 3 million hits per month. 
OK so a lot might be freepers and feds but still...and its always going to be early days for the web,we all know that,right?
WWelcome to the second issue of an irregular update on the Infoshop.org project. We hope that this update can help you find new features and understand what is going on with this project. As the Infoshop.org project grows and includes more and more volunteers, regular communication is becoming more important.
Infoshop.org has been causing trouble on the web since it went online in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop. With over 3 million hits a month as of last year, Infoshop.org is considered by many to be a valuable resource to the anarchist and anti-capitalist movements, as well as for thousands of people who are simply looking for alternatives to the current capitalist system. The website is graciously hosted by the flag.blackened.net server, which is part of a collective of anarchist and anti-authoritarian digital activists. The webmaster and coordinator of Infoshop is Chuck "Chuck0" Munson. The website is becoming more of a collaborative network project every day.

@_date: 1999-05-09 01:59:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: McDonalds workers resistance news. 
________________________________________________ A - I N F O S N E W S S E R V I C E   ________________________________________________ OCTOBER 16TH 2002... "Slaves who are ready to put up with anything are spared nothing by the tyrants" - Georges Darien On October 16th 1918, the people of Hungary began to establish councils in their workplaces and communities. They seized land from wealthy landowners, occupied factories and freed prisoners. Within a month Budapest was run by ordinary people for the benefit of the many. Like too many courageous struggles for freedom, the Hungarian councils republic was eventually repressed and destroyed, only the vision lingers on... On October 16th 2002, a small proportion of the 1.5 million people employed by McDonalds around the world will take our first tentative steps towards a better world. This is an attempt to explain what's going to happen, where this day of action came from, why it's taking place and what we hope to achieve. WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN ON OCTOBER 16th? Hundreds of McDonalds workers, concentrated in the UK, but also across continental Europe, Russia, North America and Australasia, will take direct action against our employers. We are not necessarily expecting to see strikes, but definitely sabotage, go slows, partial walk outs, 'phone in sick days', etc. It will be the first ever co-ordinated, international, worker led mobilisation by the McDonalds workforce. October 16th was chosen because since the mid 1980s it has been the date of world anti-McDonalds day. So, simultaneous to our actions, people who do not work for McDonalds but are opposed to its labour practices, cruelty to animals and destructive environmental impact, will also be engaged in actions at McDonalds restaurants all over the world. We hope that all actions can be mutually supportive. WHERE DID THIS DAY OF ACTION COME FROM? The idea for co-ordinated workers action on October 16th was originally developed by the Glasgow branch of McDonalds Workers Resistance over a year ago. If you would like to know more about MWR, please visit  The Glasgow branch proposed action around the following demand: "That all those employed by McDonalds, anywhere in the world, be allowed to organise themselves as they wish and that they be allowed to conduct the business of their chosen organisations on company premises, be allowed to display notices in staff areas and generally circulate information without hindrance. That this right to organisation and free expression is not dependent on the number of people involved in the organisation and that no person shall be prejudiced against for involvement in such an organisation. This demand applies to those employed directly and indirectly by McDonalds and so includes, for example, those employed to make happy meal toys or company packaging. Our lives may be very different but our struggle is the same. Finally, we ask McDonalds to make explicit that they do not own their employees and that they have no right to dictate what we can and cannot believe or express at any time." WHY ARE WE TAKING THIS ACTION? By using myriad tactics, legal and illegal, to deny us the right to organise, McDonalds ensures they can pay us the lowest wages possible to work in bad conditions with a total absence of employment rights. This ensures that their profit margins are maximised- in other words, a few people get obscenely rich while those who do all the work struggle by on minimum wage. But even more than that, by denying us the right to organise, they take away our ability to transform the world- our ability to change this crazy, destructive, profit driven system into a society built in everybody's interest- not just on the terms of the rich. WHAT DO WE HOPE TO ACHIEVE? We want to show the world and ourselves that we are capable of organising internationally and that we will not be divided by lines on a map. We want to show ourselves and the world that we re not powerless in the face of multinational corporations, that in fact it is us who make their billions and we are able and willing to organise and fight back. We want to show ourselves and the world that there is a young generation of workers, passionate and rebellious, who refuse to live like past generations- we will not surrender our lives to an idiotic pursuit of wealth on behalf of those who already have too much. We want to take our first tentative steps towards a world designed for the many, not the few. WHAT CAN YOU DO? BE PART OF IT!!! Take action on October 16th. It doesn't have to be anything spectacular- you could just phone in sick... or... break a machine, steal from the till, stop work in the middle of lunchtime, turn the power off at a busy period, give away free food, work especially slowly, follow every procedure exactly, inform customers about what's going on, turn the freezer off before you leave, hide the keys to locked areas, go on strike, refuse to smile (yeah, like we ever do), become very clumsy, etc. PRINT THIS AND HAND IT OUT, GET YOUR WORK MATES INVOLVED, DO SOMETHING AND PLEASE, PLEASE, TELL US ABOUT IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE! On the morning of October 16th we will deliver a single crysanthemum flower to McDonalds head office. The crysanthemum was the symbol of the revolution in Hungary that began on October 16th 1918. We will deliver it as a token of our intent to build a world that puts people before profits. But the crysanthemum is also a symbol of death, so we deliver it as a harbinger of the imminent destruction of the McDonalds empire and all wage labour- we neither need it nor want it. There is a new world growing in our hearts and we are taking our first tentative steps towards it. If you would like more information about the October 16th action, please visit:  For more on the ideas that inspired this action, please see:   If you still have questions or would like to let us know that you are planning an action, then please contact: info at mwr.org.uk This text was produced by Greater London McDonalds Workers Resistance (2) and approved and amended by the other regional groups. "The enthusiasm for destruction is also an enthusiasm for creativity" - Michael Bakunin ===== "If you think you are too small to make a difference try sleeping with a midge"  MWR, PO Box 3828, Glasgow, G41 1YU

@_date: 1999-05-09 02:05:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ambassador to OZ,a sleazebag,sack of shit,shyster lawyer. 
Governor Deadbeat
by Robert Bryce
illustration by Doug Potter
Gov. George W. Bush and the other owners of the Texas Rangers are deadbeats. Rich deadbeats, but deadbeats nevertheless. Last week, Bush and his partners hit what can only be described as a towering home run by selling the Texas Rangers to Thomas Hicks for $250 million. Bush, in particular, made a killing. For his 1.8% share of the club, which initially cost him $605,000, Hicks will pay the governor between $10 million and $14 million. That is a return of up to 23 times Bush's original investment in less than nine years. (His contract included an accelerated equity clause.) But even though Bush and his cohorts are raking in the dough, making nearly three times what they paid for the club in 1989, they still haven't paid the $7.5 million they owe the city of Arlington.
The Rangers owners owe the money because of a court judgment against the Arlington Sports Facilities Development Authority (ASFDA), the entity set up by the city to condemn land for, and administer, the Ballpark at Arlington project. In May of 1996, a Tarrant County jury found that the ASFDA had not paid a fair price for 13 acres of land it condemned; the court subsequently awarded the owners of the land, the Mathes family, more than six times what the city had agreed to pay for the land. That $5 million award then sat in escrow with interest accruing at a rate of about $1,800 a day. A year after the jury's decision, the city finally decided not to appeal the verdict and paid the judgment. That's where the Rangers' obligation comes in.
When the Rangers and the city signed their deal in 1990, the Rangers agreed to pay any costs on the Ballpark at Arlington project that exceeded $135 million. The city of Arlington's position has been and continues to be, that the $7.5 million judgment should come from Bush and the Rangers.
Two days after Hicks' purchase of the Rangers was announced, Arlington city attorney Jay Doegey told the Chronicle, "We have a contract with them that says they will pay anything over $135 million. The costs in the condemnation case are over that amount." But Doegey has not sent a letter to the Rangers demanding payment, and it appears that Arlington city officials are reluctant to irritate the Rangers' ownership.
Tom Schieffer, the president and general partner of the Rangers, says of the $7.5 million, "It's not our debt. That's the position we have taken. And that's consistent with what the master agreement says." But now that he and Bush are cashing in their chips with the Rangers, wouldn't it be a nice gesture to make good on the debt? "I'm sure we will work out something," said Schieffer.
While Arlington waits for its money, Bush is laughing all the way to the bank. Asked about the Hicks buyout, the governor told the Fort Worth Star-Telegram last week, "I think when it is all said and done, I will have made more money than I ever dreamed I would make."
He's making millions because the Ballpark at Arlington is a gigantic cash machine. Last year, Financial World magazine named the Ballpark as the most profitable venue in baseball. Hicks didn't buy the Rangers because he wants Juan Gonzalez's autograph; he bought them because he can make a lot of money at the stadium that Bush takes credit for building.
In 1993, while walking around the stadium, Bush told a reporter from the Houston Chronicle, "When all those people in Austin say, `He ain't never done anything,' well, this is it." But Bush would have never gotten the stadium deal off the ground had the city of Arlington not agreed to use its power of eminent domain to seize the property that belonged to the Mathes family. And evidence presented in the Mathes lawsuit suggests that the Rangers owners -- and remember that Bush was the managing general partner at the time -- were conspiring to use the city's condemnation powers to obtain the 13-acre tract a full six months before the ASFDA was even created.
In an Oct. 26, 1990, memo to Schieffer from Mike Reilly, an Arlington real estate broker and part owner of the Rangers,Reilly says of the Mathes property "in this particular situation our first offer should be our final offer... If this fails, we will probably have to initiate condemnation proceedings after the bond election passes."
That memo suggests a sharp contrast between Bush's personal profiteering and his public stance in defense of property rights. While running against Ann Richards, Bush said, "I understand full well the value of private property and its importance not only in our state but in capitalism in general, and I will do everything I can to defend the power of private property and private property rights when I am the governor of this state." Where was that concern when it came to the Mathes family's personal property?
But let's forget about Bush's philosophical problems when it comes to property rights and the Ballpark deal. And let's set aside the notion that he may have earned exorbitant amounts of money on his investment. Instead, let's focus on the facts of the deal: Bush and his partners used the city's powers to condemn the land for the stadium. They relied on taxpayers to repay the bonds sold to build the ballpark, thereby getting what amounts to a direct $135 million subsidy. Now, after tripling the amount they paid for the Rangers, Bush et al are refusing to pay the city a measly $7.5 million. Talk about a debt to society.
On the very first day of his campaign in 1993, Bush said that "the best way to allocate resources in our society is through the marketplace. Not through a governing elite." By selling the Rangers, Bush and his fellow sports moguls demonstrated the power of the market place. By refusing to pay their debt to Arlington, they are also proving that the governing elite live by a different set of rules than the rest of us.

@_date: 1999-05-09 02:09:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Moral Cowardice in OZ. 
AUSTRALIA'S MORAL COWARDICE
The Australian government wants to attack Iraq preemptively because the Iraqis won’t allow the UN to inspect their weapons facilities. Meanwhile, the government opposes the UN protocol on torture because it doesn’t want the UN to inspect its prison facilities.
Neither position has much to do with Australian self-interests. It is doubtful that there is torture being carried out in Australian prisons, and it is impossible to see what threat Saddam, the countries biggest buyer of its wheat, poses to Australian society. These are just examples of a foreign policy increasingly dictated by foreign directives. The cancellation of Iraqi wheat sales and the US ambassadors chilling warning that Australia is now, like America, a likely terrorist target and the famously relaxed Australian people need to stop being so relaxed are examples of the high price that is now being paid for such policies.
All the time, the Howard government has characterized its position as standing with the world against terror. When opposition leader Simon Crean questioned foreign minister Alexander Downer’s bellicose rhetoric on Iraq, the government accused him of “taking the Iraqi side”. You are either with America, or you are against Australia is the message.
The Howard government’s dichotomous view of the world is based on one of the most enduring myths of the last fifty years: the idea that America enjoys a position of leadership over some vacuous “free world” – to which Australia proudly belongs.
If America is the leader of the free world, then it is increasingly unclear who its followers are. In recent months, the Americans have unilaterally acted against the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, Kyoto Protocol, Biological Weapons and Toxic Weapons Convention and tried to sabotage the establishment of the International Court. Their actions have drawn condemnation and scorn from the “free world”.
The fallacy of American leadership is best demonstrated in the United Nations. Whenever it has benefited American interest, regardless how questionable, America has aggressively opposed the very same “free world” it claims to be leading.
America is, after all, the only country having the dubious distinction of refusing to vote to ratify the Rights of the Child in December 1987. In the same month, America stood with Israel in voting against 153 other UN-members in opposing any effort to define terrorism and to convene a conference to study its causes and seek solutions.
Even the right of nations to develop is something that America took exception to. In 1986, she voted against 146 other countries in opposing such a right. A few years later, US ambassador Morris Abram termed such an idea, “little more than an empty vessel into which vague hopes and inchoate expectations can be poured” and no less than a “dangerous incitement”. The fact that this declaration was a subset of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was deemed irrelevant.
On December 13, 1985, America again voted alone against 134 countries in opposing the declaration of the indivisibility and interdependence of economic, social, cultural, civil, and political rights.
Whilst the “free world” was opposing apartheid in South Africa, America was voting alone against UN efforts to sanction the South African government. Between 1978 and 1987 there were over 10 such instances.
In November, 1981, America voted alone against what most of the world considers to be the definition of democracy; America opposed 126 other states in rejecting the right of every society to choose its own economic and social system in accord with the will of its people.
In 1979, the United States and Israel voted together to oppose the UN convening a conference on the rights of women. After losing the vote, they would opt for a second-best solution and later vote against the inclusion of Palestinian women at the conference.
In 1982 and 1983, the US was alone in voting against a declaration that education, work, health care, proper nourishment and national development are human rights. Thirteen years later in 1996, the US would affirm the same opposition at the UN sponsored World Food Summit. The reason given for the opposition was that recognition of a right to food would enable poor nations to sue the United States for special trade deals.
By allying itself so blindly with America on everything from an attack on Iraq through to the abandonment of Australian citizens held without trial in Guantanamo Bay, Australia is ignoring this history. It is also ignoring the current reality of a world that is increasingly opposed to US unilateralism and belligerence.
America's history demonstrates the fallacy of the notion that American economic and military might necessitate moral ascendancy. As the American actor Will Rogers noted, "If we ever pass out as a great nation, we ought to put on our tombstone, "America died of the delusion she had moral It is morally perfidious that a country would refuse to make any distinction between American interests and its own because they want a ‘special relationship’ with the Americans.
A nation’s pride is intrinsically linked to its independence and its sincerity to its own interests and values. Each time Australia acquiesces to American self-interest in deference to its own, it kills something of itself. Australia is becoming, as Shakespeare wrote in Julius Caesar, the coward who dies a thousand deaths before his death.
As the government frog-marches the Australian nation towards becoming a vassal state to the American empire, those that question the transformation will continue to be vilified as somehow unpatriotic or disloyal to the national interest.
For a lesson in true patriotism, Australians should look to Andrew Fletcher of Salloun, the 18th century Scottish patriot. He said, "Show me a true patriot, and I will show you a lover not merely of his own country, but of all mankind. Show me a spurious patriot, a bombastic fire-eater, and I will show you a rascal. Show me a man who loves other countries equally with his own, and I will show you a man entirely deficient in a sense of proportion. But show me a man who respects the rights of all nations, while ready to defend the rights of his own against them all, and I will show you a man who is both a nationalist and an internationalist".
Amir Butler is executive director of the Australian Muslim Public Affairs Committee (AMPAC)
Australian Muslim Public Affairs Committee
PO Box 180
Pascoe Vale South VIC 3044
email: info at muslimaffairs.com.au
web:

@_date: 1999-05-09 02:44:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Proffr approves the Stuckist internet. 
Its just routing around more damage isn't it?
The Stuckist Net - what is your post-Palladium future?
By Andrew Orlowski in London
Posted: 19/08/2002 at 18:34 GMT
"Your paintings are stuck, you are stuck! Stuck! Stuck! Stuck!" - Tracey Emin [to Billy Childish].
The copyright holders who dominate the entertainment oligopolies in the United States could risk ceding the nation's technological lead, once and How so?
Well, we now see that the Pigopolists intend to restrict the open protocols of the Internet. If there was any doubt, it should finally have been dispelled on Friday, as Thomas C Greene reported in Media giants demand ISPs block Web sites.
We heard it coming two years ago when a Sony executive let on rather more than he should have, promising to block the packets:-
"We will develop technology that transcends the individual user. We will firewall Napster at source - we will block it at your cable company, we will block it at your phone company, we will block it at your [ISP]. We will firewall it at your PC," he said.
Three months later we exposed the first attempt to copy control OpenPC hardware - CPRM -
plans which now seem quite tender now, following the proposed Hollings Act and Microsoft's Palladium.
Sony's plans are succeeding splendidly.
Explaining his position on a European TCPA last week, Bill Thompson said he'd arrived at the conclusion that a Fritz-chipped, lock-down Palladium was inevitable, as it had Microsoft and Intel on board as willing I think he's being optimistic. I can envisage multiple TCPAs: the Disney/Wintel version being the first. Quite certainly, a Chinese TCPA will follow, when they discover how useful it is to monitor individual computer users so precisely. TCPAs might not fall across continental boundaries, So although Bill's argument was couched as a breakaway, it's really the US computer industry that's making the first break. His is the first European reaction. The computer industry, in an alliance with the entertainment pigopolists is simply filling a vacuum that's been left by people unwilling to engage on a political level. They'd rather be coding, or warchalking, or, heck, doing anything except face the imminent lock-down.
(How many articles about warchalking have you read in the last month, compared to articles supporting the real legislation on offer to limit Pigopolist power? Priorities, please ladies and gentlemen.)
Now, I actually side with the constitutionalists here - today's DMCA and the courts may one day strike down potential Fritz bills. But by the time that happens, the freedom of changing your graphics card or upgrading your CPU will be a distant memory.
The US PC industry is attempting to lock down the PC that's been an open platform ever since Compaq reverse engineered the IBM PC BIOS, and the fledgling cloners turned their noses at Big Blue's MCA bus. And the Internet protocols have, we've always been open since the mid-1970s. Many people at Intel don't like it - Andy Grove has spoken out against it quite eloquently - but if it means losing Intel's dominant position in the United States, or the huge Chinese market of the future, then Intel will Fritz it's chips for anyone who asks.
But with the Internet's key routers, and top level domain name registry files physically hosted in the United States, with phasers set to stun, what are the rest of us - stuck with our antiquated regard for open protocols, open source, open PC hardware - to do?
How the Stuckist Internet?
We'll call ourselves Stuckists. We like open hardware, and we like routers that don't care about the packets that run through them. We'd like to be stuck there. Where will we be in a world of Multiple TCPAs?
Well, the first obstacle will be hardware. There's a ready alternative in Linux, which would thrive in such conditions, but Stuckists will need processors. They could clone x86, or license a non-Intel instruction set such as ARM cheaply, or SPARC for no cost at all. That's the easy part. Manufacturing requires huge capital investment
And who delivers the bandwidth? Well, if your needs are local, use your Stuckist PC primarily for communication and not for Hollywood-generated content, it's not going to be a problem.
While replacing the TLDs with alternative root systems simply requires political consensus Dragging domain names into the issue might seem odd - but it's an instrument of control.
Now this might look like a formidable set of obstacles, until your consider two countries that would welcome this as an opportunity: the world's biggest democracy, and the world's most populous country. Both have far more to gain from fuelling a Stuckist Internet than they might by following the Disney/Palladium path.
Lamenting the lack of innovation in US manufacturing (it's a Western issue)  "Over the years we've always been told that the American edge was our inventiveness. But we can't be inventive if there is no necessity. And there is no necessity when there's no competition and everyone is feeding from the same Chinese manufacturing trough."
But it's much worse that that.
China has the oldest engineering tradition in the world, but most importantly, ensures that many of the manufacturing deals it has struck with Western technology companies have specified intellectual property transfers. It's rather keen on Linux. India also produces excellent engineers, has many English speakers, and is rather keen on Linux too. Both would see this as an opportunity to lead, rather than follow. China's ambitions are the same as Korea and Japan's twenty years ago: they have no intention to serve a low-tech sweatshop for the west.
Is this where the post-Palladium technology industry will be centred? I trust Andy Grove will be lobbying hard with this scenario, to ensure that America's technology lead - which it takes for granted today - doesn't go the way of its automobile industry.
Finally, remember that the thirst for communication technologies to be open is very strong indeed. But it doesn't always turn out like that. Radio was for several years a two-way communications system, then it became a broadcasting medium, and now ClearChannels own two thirds of all radio stations in the USA.
There's a radio ham underground, of course. But are software libre developers, cypherpunks and the rest of us Stuckists destined for the same fate? Hoping and wishing, Candide-like for the best, that TCPA will just go away, isn't really an option.
Tell me what you think of the Stuckist Internet. ®
I'll get my CS latitude 400 back soon and put in SUSE.

@_date: 1999-05-09 03:13:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Taking of a reactor the Japanese embassy and 
Trio climbs parliament flagpole
THREE Greenpeace protesters have climbed the Parliament House flagpole to protest against government policy on climate change.			
The protesters had reached the halfway point of the flagpole using industrial and rock-climbing climbing equipment, with four support crew at the base of the pole, by 11am (AEST).
"It's quite a slow process because as you can imagine they are having to be very careful and it's quite a difficult climb," Greenpeace spokesman Shane Rattenbury said.
"So at this stage it might take them a bit longer to actually climb the Security staff were nearby, talking to the support crew, but were unable to stop them, with the climbers in an inaccessible position.
The protesters planned to unfurl a banner voicing concern about government climate change policy.
"The reason Greenpeace is doing this today is to protest against the Howard government's failure on climate change," Mr Rattenbury said.
"The rejection by the Howard Government of the Kyoto Protocol is a backward step for Australia; it's ignoring Australia's responsibilities to act on climate change.
"Opinion polling has shown that 80 per cent of Australians support ratification of Kyoto."
The protest comes just days ahead of the United Nations-sponsored World Summit on Sustainable Development in South Africa, where the Government will face world pressure to ratify the protocol to combat climate change.

@_date: 1999-05-09 03:18:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mrs Petrov - Set lasers to jab. 
Also in this rag,news that Mrs Petrov may have been more valuable than her husband as she was a cipher clerk with access to VENONA.
Jabs by laser free of pain
By JEN KELLY, medical reporter
A MELBOURNE firm has won worldwide patents for a laser device that could end the need for painful injections.
The tiny pain-free laser allows drugs to seep through the skin into the body in minutes without a needle. It means childhood vaccines now injected could be given painlessly with an adhesive strip similar to a nicotine patch in a few years.
Biotech company Norwood Abbey believes its device will revolutionise drug delivery worldwide.
The hand-held laser will initially be used to administer anaesthetics, but the company hopes to use it for vaccines and painkillers next. The laser removes the top layer of skin so any drug applied immediately afterwards by cream or patch penetrates the skin swiftly.
Norwood Abbey marketing director Bernie Romanin said the US drug agency was expected to approve the laser's use with a specific anaesthetic by the end of the year.
Applying anaesthetic to the skin usually takes an hour to work but after using the new laser then applying the anaesthetic cream, the skin is numb within five minutes.

@_date: 1999-05-09 03:28:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cracking the hackers' code 
By Suelette Dreyfus
August 20 2002
If your organisation suffered a computer crime in the past few years and reported it to AusCERT, it was probably an attack from outside your walls. Nearly 90 per cent of Australian organisations that reported an incident were attacked externally, according to the 2002 Australian Computer Crime and Security Survey. This is the first time the threat of being attacked from outside surpassed the likelihood of an assault from inside.
It might be increasingly difficult to keep out external hackers but there are signs IT managers are finding it easier to win support within companies for improving security. Management consulting firm McKinsey & Co recently studied security best practices at Fortune 500 companies. About 30 of these companies, including AOL Time Warner, Merrill Lynch, Microsoft and Visa International, had appointed a chief security officer or other senior executive to oversee information security. In some cases, this executive had the power to stop the launch of new products or systems, and answered only to the chief executive.
The recent AusCERT study stated that 70 per cent of Australian organisations surveyed had increased spending on information security in the past year.
All of this is good news for IT managers. Most attempted attacks come via script kiddies, according to Neal Wise, senior security consultant for eSec, a Melbourne-based security technology company. Keeping software up to date should provide a good first-line defence but he also recommends putting pressure on vendors to release security patches in a timely fashion. "You can vote with your wallet," he says.
Yet Grant Bayley, organiser of Sydney's 2600 group, a gathering of security enthusiasts, says that while the number of hackers has increased, the percentage of highly skilled hackers has stayed the same, suggesting their total numbers are up as well. "These are the people who are really good at writing exploits - original and very obscure exploits. And people don't write exploits just to have them sit there and look pretty."
More sophisticated hackers may be more difficult to defend against, in part because their motivations may be complex. A small subset of these hackers obsess about a problem day after day, ignoring the rest of their lives. If you are running a network or a system, understanding what drives people to break in will help you to defend your organisation.
Meeting "Higgs", formerly one of the most skilled illegal hackers of the Australian computer underground, can be a high-stress experience; Higgs fidgets with other people's things until they break.
He doesn't mean to break them, he just pulls and prods at them incessantly while he bounces his knee up and down and talks. When the item cracks or snaps, he looks utterly surprised, as though he had no idea the item was in his hand. He sheepishly slips the broken pieces into his pocket, adding to his sins by running off with the evidence.
He sometimes has one-way conversations with people, meaning he talks and they try to get a word in edgewise. He is always right, and he is only interested in "the truth", no matter how bare and brutal. This inflexible, seemingly arrogant attitude frequently gets him into trouble, in part because he is usually right. Or because when he's wrong, he's so wildly off the mark, it's funny. He's also anti-social, partly due to shyness, but also because most people bore him. He says they don't feed him information fast enough. "I can't do that chit-chat stuff," he says.
Like a number of other technically elite hackers, Higgs shows characteristics similar to those shown by people with Asperger syndrome. This neurobiological disorder, which may resemble mild autism, has often been misdiagnosed in the past. The condition only made it into the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in 1994.
Like elite-end hackers, many "aspies" are exceptionally skilled in a specialised area. A 2001 University of Cambridge study into the syndrome showed a higher incidence of AS/High-Functioning Autism, which seem to be related, among scientists and mathematicians. Tests of 840 students showed "that mathematicians scored higher than engineers, physical and computer sciences, who scored higher than medicine and biology". The condition is also more common among males and may have a genetic component.
There does not appear to be any in-depth research linking illegal hacking and Asperger syndrome. However, one of the world's leading AS experts, Australian clinical psychologist Tony Attwood, believes some hackers may share characteristics with "Aspies", as they refer to themselves.
"The link between AS and computers is well known. Computers were designed by - and for - people with AS," Attwood, based in Queensland, says. "Those with AS seem to know the language of computers better than social or conventional languages. It is quite plausible that people with AS may pursue an interest in cracking."
Historically, AS has been linked to at least one area that has become a key part of computer security: cryptography.
"The team that cracked the Enigma code appeared to include several individuals who showed characteristics of Asperger's," Attwood says. This included the father of modern computing, Alan Turing.
"It's the sheer challenge rather than any (criminal intent). It's the pursuit of knowledge and truth - with different priorities and perceptions ¤ They see it as an intellectual challenge and a prize, (and) they look at the success of what they have done rather than the consequences of the lives of people they have affected."
Aspies typically have an almost obsessional approach to solving problems and are often oblivious to their peers' view that a given problem is "unsolvable". Both are often prerequisites to becoming an elite-end hacker.
What effect might hacking have on an Aspie?
"Hacking is giving them an intellectual orgasm. And they are addicted to the intellectual orgasm," Attwood says.
This doesn't mean all illegal hackers have AS, or that these hackers should escape criminal conviction. However, the linking of AS and hacking could have an impact on conviction or sentencing in future.
Previously, what experts termed an extreme addiction to hacking played a key role in a landmark British hacking case. Based on the descriptions of the hacker's behaviour, the apparent addiction could well have been a manifestation of AS. In a jury trial, the legal defence team of the British hacker "Wandii" showed the hacker was obsessed with computers and the intellectual challenge of beating them. The jury acquitted him of criminal charges in just 90 minutes, apparently because it decided he lacked mens rea, or awareness of criminal wrongdoing.
"You would not use AS to say a person is of unsound mind, because such people are very logical (if) eccentric," Attwood says.
"But (a diagnosis) could alter sentencing in two ways. First, in (assessing) the degree of criminal intent. And, second, in deterrence. They may need treatment for a compulsion, which may be irresistible, rather than a prison sentence or a psychiatric institution."
In the US, convicted hackers have been banned from using computers for long periods as part of their sentences. Attwood says this approach is likely to be inappropriate for Aspies. Denying them use of computers is very different than for most people.
"What we might look at instead is controlled access in a constructive way for convicted offenders," he says.
"Res" is a skilled Australian Black Hat hacker. Extremely private, street smart, he holds back, watching you, taking your measure. He slips in a little cynical humour now and again, showing he's cool but not cold. But he's a contrast to the stereotypical Hollywood geek hacker because he has a "I haven't spent a Friday or Saturday night at home since I was 17," Res says.
While not showing any visible signs of AS, he's clearly capable of obsessional behaviour. "I am obsessive: I collect things. I like having everything, I never delete anything. I am a radical person. I'm all or He says he doesn't read books but that's not quite true. He buys technical textbooks. Other than specialist mailing lists and the newspaper, the only other thing he reads is the Slashdot website.
The Cambridge study suggests a "continuum" of disability, "with AS as the bridge between autism and normality". Res may represent a point on the spectrum between AS and obsessive - a place other top hackers might also Hacker group 2600's Grant Bayley estimates that, based on his experience, "You probably wouldn't find more than two AS symptoms in any one hacker but you would find more symptoms in 50 to 70 per cent of hackers in the mid to upper-skill level."
Higgs recognises he has some AS traits and he believes having AS could definitely contribute to hackers rising in the ranks of the elite underground.
"It is not that AS gets you to the top of the pile but it can help. Because there are some things that are broken, you are forced to use other parts of the brain instead. The ability to blinker everything else and not get distracted helps."
He views the AS-affected hacker mind as being like the Internet: "That hacker's mind sees group dynamics as damage and routes around it."
However, after interacting with a number of top hackers around the globe over several years, he argues there are other contributing factors.
"For these people to get where they have, Asperger's isn't enough. They have something else. Clearly (convicted American hacker Kevin) Mitnick's talent doesn't just come from AS; there is something else there. Like his social engineering talent - you just wouldn't associate that with AS," he says.
"The 'f***-you' attitude is also a requirement. Every one (of the top hackers) has had the 'f***-you' ingredient ¤ You cannot defy authority and break the law thousands of times a year without the 'f***-you' ingredient."
Suelette Dreyfus is the author of Underground and an honorary fellow at the University of Melbourne's department of information systems.
How to deter the obsessive attacker
What is the best way to defend your network against illegal hackers who show Asperger syndrome-like characteristics?
A former highly skilled and obsessive hacker, "Higgs" suggests breaking the patterns of usual defensive behaviour.
Trip wires in packaged software might be anticipated by a pattern-based hacker. "Set up trip wires that are unique," he says.
Also, use your logs in different ways for tell-tale signs of a hacker's "Backdoor the 'ls' command (in UNIX), which gives you a list of files. Record its arguments and when it is used. A (pattern-based) hacker might not think to look for logs of that.
"Backdoor the SSH (secure shell) client to record who is using it and when. Keep secret log files in unusual locations."

@_date: 1999-05-09 03:32:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Did AMD put the fear of death in INTEL? 
Could explain the P4 hypeburgers.
PC owners sue Intel, OEMs over P4 claims
August 19 2002
Intel, Gateway and Hewlett-Packard face a class action lawsuit filed against them by a group of computer owners who allege the companies misled them into believing the Pentium 4 is a superior processor to the Pentium III and the AMD Athlon.
A report in PC World says the complaint was filed in the third judicial circuit in Madison County, Illinois. A ruling has yet to be made on whether the case comes under state or federal jurisdiction. PCWorld said it had received a copy of the complaint from an anonymous source.
The complaint claims that the public were deceived by the marketing of the P4 and alleges that there is no benefit to consumers who choose the P4 over the PIII. It also alleges that the P4 is slower and less powerful than the PIII or the AMD Athlon.

@_date: 1999-05-09 03:47:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The future has barely begun. 
Confessions of an information junkie
By Graeme Philipson
August 20 2002
Nearly a decade after the Internet entered my life, it continues to amaze me. I remain astonished at the sheer volume of information it contains and the ease with which that information can be accessed.
I am an information junkie. It has got to the stage where I cannot imagine life without the Web.
People sometimes e-mail me and ask me where they can find out information on various things. I invariably tell them just to do an Internet search, usually with Google, which is the best of the search engines, but there are lots of others too.
My second favourite is Anzwers, because I often need to know specifically Australian things. Engines that aggregate the results of other engines, such as Dogpile, are also useful.
We all have our favourite websites. Mine is AnalystViews. It is run by a fellow in Connecticut called Jim Zimmermann, and it has only been going a few months. It aggregates and provides pointers to all the free content from more than a hundred IT analyst groups around the world.
All these companies give away a bit of their information in the hope it will entice you to buy some of the stuff they charge for. Much of the free stuff is very useful. When you add it all together, it's invaluable. Zimmermann's site, which includes a free weekly newsletter, is an amazing resource for anyone interested in trends in the IT industry.
Another good site with an astounding amount of free IT information is ITpapers, which was recently bought by CNet.
ITpapers is a portal to so-called "white papers", which are semi-technical documents published by computer suppliers to explain the background to their products. White papers are marketing tools but are usually written in a style that is meant to be objective, and they often contain extremely useful material.
I get quite a few e-mailed newsletters about various aspects of the IT industry. Some are free, some I pay for. But I also get some outside of IT. I devour my daily cricket news from Cric Info. I get my word a day from Because I am such a surfer, I get spammed relentlessly. It is a small price to pay for the benefits of e-mail, truly the Web's killer application. E-mail suits my way of working to a T. I work from home and venture into the city only occasionally, and it is the main way I keep in touch with clients and associates around the world. I have really noticed in the past year or two how the telephone has dropped off in importance for many business functions.
I get a lot of e-mails as author of this column, but before e-mail was common, I was lucky to get one letter a week.
I got a note they other day from a reader suggesting that the benefits of the Internet age were overrated. I asked him why he had e-mailed his letter instead of posting it.
The amazing thing about all this is that we have barely scratched the surface. We are still at the very early stage of the Internet. We will look back in 10 years and think how primitive all this was. High bandwidth will introduce many new applications. So will the Semantic Web. And Web services. And wireless.
The future has barely begun.
graeme at philipson.info

@_date: 1999-05-09 06:20:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Killer cops deadly secret,fear of an APster planet? 
Sheriff Keeps Name of Officer Secret, for Now
Friday, August 16, 2002
By JOHN CHAMBLISS
The Ledger
BARTOW -- The Polk County sheriff received a temporary injunction Thursday to stop The Ledger from publishing the name of an undercover officer who shot and killed a man during a July 26 drug raid.
Chief Judge Charles Curry also directed Sheriff's Office attorneys to call Circuit Judge Ron Herring today to arrange for a full hearing within the next five days.
Curry granted the temporary injunction after a 45-minute hearing that included testimony from Sheriff's Col. Gary Hester.
In a statement, Sheriff Lawrence W. Crow Jr. sharply criticized The Ledger.
"I am absolutely at a loss to explain why The Ledger will be printing this detective's name. It serves no purpose, other than a tabloid fascination with creating controversy.
"If this officer's name is revealed, we will immediately take steps to protect him and his family. We will also be forced to reassign him out of his undercover position, which will interrupt his career development. His training and experience in his undercover capacity will take time and money to replace," Crow wrote.
The officer shot and killed Jason Michael Britt, 22, during a raid on Britt's home in Lakeland. Sheriff's officials say Britt was shot after he threatened the officer with a baseball bat and refused to drop it.
Because the officer works undercover, sheriff's officials have refused to release his name. It is the first time in memory that a Polk police agency has not disclosed the name of an officer who killed someone.
The Sheriff's Office's investigation of the shooting was sent to the State Attorney's Office earlier this week for review. The State Attorney's Office will determine whether the shooting was justified and should release its findings next week.
Louis Michael "Skip" Perez, The Ledger's executive editor, contacted sheriff's Col. Grady Judd early Thursday morning to tell him that the newspaper had learned the name of the deputy and was prepared to publish it when the State Attorney's Office report is released.
Perez said he called Judd to give him a chance to take whatever measures he thought necessary to protect the deputy, including transferring him or removing him from undercover.
"When a government agent shoots someone, rightly or wrongly, an open society has a right to know who it was," Perez said, adding that undercover agents often testify in public trials using their real names.
"We're confident this issue will be resolved in our favor soon since there's no precedent in this country's legal history for successfully ordering a newspaper not to print something," Perez said.
Ledger attorney Jim Lake of Holland & Knight in Tampa said he was disappointed with the temporary injunction but thinks the newspaper will Lake said any shooting is of great public interest. "Unfortunately, police are involved in shootings. When that happens, it is newsworthy.
"The public interest in this deputy's name is itself manifestly overwhelming -- the death of anyone at the hands of law enforcement is of obvious public concern," Lake said.
In a written brief Lake said, "The United States Supreme Court has emphatically stated that prior restraints on speech and publication are the most serious and the least tolerable infringement on First Amendment rights."
During the hearing, Lake said Col. Hester told the judge that the undercover deputy had been threatened.
In the brief, Lake cited a 1976 case -- The Miami Herald vs. Mcintosh Co.
"A party seeking a prior restraint must demonstrate that freedom of speech would constitute an immediate, and not merely likely, threat . . .
"The danger to be prevented must not be remote or even probable, it must immediately imperil."
"Before First Amendment freedoms can be abridged, substantive evil must be extremely serious and the degree of imminence extremely high."
In the brief, Lake wrote the Sheriff's Office has not proven that the threat is high.
"This argument ignores the fact that this deputy was removed from undercover work during the Sheriff's Office review of the shooting. Consequently, it is not clear that the deputy is participating in any ongoing investigation (or ever will be again)," Lake wrote.
Lake continued by saying the deputy might have already identified himself by testifying in court.
"The Sheriff's Office, therefore, has not shown how publication of his actual name will interfere with his work or his safety."

@_date: 1999-05-09 06:24:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Beware of Imperialist China" and Vietnam. 
Vietnam: Another online critic jailed. Vietnamese Internet essayist Le Chi Quang is shortly expected to go on trial on national security charges, reports the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ). Quang was arrested and jailed on February 21 for writing articles that criticised Vietnam's border agreements with China.
Officials from the Prosecutor's Office informed Quang's mother that her son would be tried soon under Article 88 of the Criminal Code, which bans the distribution of information that opposes the government, reported the CPJ. The exact date of the trial is unknown.
The article, titled "Beware of Imperialist China," had been widely distributed on the Internet and Quang's arrest coincided with a visit to Vietnam by Chinese president Jiang Zemin.
Writers and intellectuals in Vietnam increasingly use the Internet to circulate news and opinion that is banned from the tightly controlled domestic press. In response, the government has recently escalated efforts to maintain strict control over online information.
Another writer, Pham Hong Son, is also being held in B14 prison for distributing information online. Son was arrested on March 27 after translating into Vietnamese and posting online an article titled "What is Democracy?," which had originally been posted on the U.S. State Department's Web site.
On August 7, authorities shut down a domestic Web site ( where viewers had posted articles on sensitive political topics, including the border agreements with China and official corruption, according to international news reports relayed by the CPJ. The Web site, which was created in December 2000, received about 260,000 hits every day.
Vietnam's government has recently sought to toughen its control over access to information, as the country opens up economically to the outside world. Increasing numbers of people use the Internet and are able to see sharp differences between Vietnamese and foreign news reports, particularly of events in Vietnam.
According to the Vietnam Economic Times newspaper as reported by Associated Press the country now has 4,000 public Internet cafes. The Ministry of Culture and Information noted in June that "no authorities have been responsible for monitoring the shops after their owners receive licenses, resulting in abuses".
Internet service providers in Vietnam are held responsible for filtering undesirable Web sites, but the culture ministry said it was difficult to do so because of the large number of sites. In its report, it said Internet cafe owners should be required to monitor customers to ensure they do not misuse the Internet..
CPJ report via IFEX
Vietnam's telecoms industry ambitions.
Guardian report on web cafe crackdowns in Saigon.
Tehelka hunger striker...
India: Tehelka.com reporter on hunger strike. One of the journalists behind the exposure of one of India's biggest political scandals in years has gone on hunger strike in protest at his arrested on August 7 on charges of assaulting a federal investigator.
Aniruddha Bahal, who works as Investigations Editor for the news and entertainment Web site Tehelka.com, and his colleagues believe that the arrests are part of a deliberate strategy of the government to target their International activists agree. "The arrest of two of the website's journalists in the past month constitutes a further stage in the harassment of this independent press site. We ask that you have this intimidation brought to an end and that you drop the legal action against these journalists," said Reporters sans Frontieres secretary-general Robert Ménard in a letter to Interior Minister Lal Krishna Advani,
Tehelka.com commentator Parsa Venkateshwar Rao said the Vajpayee government was operating in a way that recalled the brutal 'Emergency' period of military rule in India under Indira Gandhi. "There is both anger and apprehension in a large section of media that the BJP is intent on targeting Press freedoms," he wrote.
Bahal was one a team of Tehelka reporters who secretly filmed defense officials accepting bribes to push through a fictitious defense equipment deal. The scandal was the first major crisis faced by Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's government, and led to the resignation of the defence minister and the dismissal of the president of the ruling party.
There is also continued concern about the continued detention of Iftikhar Geelani, the Delhi bureau chief of the Kashmir Times, who was arrested in June on charges of violating the Official Secrets Act. So far the police have been unwilling or unable to relase deatils of the evidence against him.
AP report via Editor & Publisher magazine.
Tehelka.com website and profile of Aniruddha Bahal.
Media angry over BJP government targeting Tehelka.
Both stories and more from the rsf site with cohones...

@_date: 1999-05-09 06:35:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: APB - Crazy Elias and Renato Souza Lopes, alias "Ratinho" 
A third member of the gang that killed journalist Tim Lopes shot dead
See the portuguese version of the press release
Alleged drug dealer Flávio Reginaldo dos Santos, alias "Buda", one of the suspects in the Tim Lopes murder who was still at large, was shot dead by police in the early hours of 15 August in Vila del Cruzeiro, a Rio de Janeiro shantytown. Police said he was hit by bullets while trying to escape the police officers who were attempting to arrest him. Dos Santos was reportedly a member of the gang led by "Crazy" Elias, the prime suspect in the Lopes killing. Dos Santos was not believed to have participated directly in the killing of Lopes. He was wanted for having set fire to a drugs squad vehicle with four police officers inside in September 2001.
14.08.2002 - Growing concern about Tim Lopes investigation after death of two suspects
Reporters Without Borders today voiced its utmost concern about recent developments in the investigation into the murder of TV journalist Tim Lopes, in particular, the death in the space of a week of two suspects who had been wanted for their presumed participation, and reports of police In a letter to President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Reporters Without Borders secretary-general Robert Ménard called for a thorough investigation into the circumstances of the death of the two suspects, especially Mauricio de Lima Mathias, who was reportedly killed in an exchange of shots with police during an attempt to detain him.
Ménard said the organisation was also "extremely concerned" about reports that the journalist's killers had corrupted police officers. "It would be scandalous if elements in the police help to keep this crime unpunished", the letter said, stressing that "this odious crime has outraged Brazilian society and the international community".
The organisation asked to be kept informed of the results of the enquiry into the presumed corruption of police officials by Elias Pereiora, the head of the gang that executed Lopes. Finally, it also insisted that measures be taken to guarantee the safety of the five suspects currently held in this case and that of the witnesses.
One of Lopes' presumed killers, André da Cruz Barbosa, alias "André Capeta" (André the Devil), was killed by a bullet in the head on 13 August. The police say he probably killed himself, but do not rule out the possibility that he was gunned down by a rival gang or members of his own gang, However, according to Aldney Zacharias Peixoto, a representative of the public prosecutor's office, he could have been seen as someone who knew too much and may therefore have been executed by corrupt police habitually paid by the gang to ensure its protection.
The other suspect, Mauricio de Lima Mathias, was shot dead five days earlier, on 8 August, when police tried to arrest him in the Vigario Geral shantytown (north of Rio) where he was hiding. He had been implicated in the journalist's death by other suspects, and was one of four persons wanted by the police in the case.
According to Agence France-Presse, an anonymous caller recently told the police that Elias Pereira, alias "Elias Maluco" (Crazy Elias), the chief of the band of drug dealers which executed the journalist, had paid 600,000 Reals (200,000 Euros) to corrupt police for them to leave him alone. This is denied by Francisco Bras, commander of the military police. But Sergio Aguiar, secretary for public security in Rio de Janeiro, has said that "it is very possible that Crazy Elias enjoys the protection of certain corrupt police". Five officials are currently being investigated.
Two suspects are still wanted in the Lopes murder investigation : Crazy Elias and Renato Souza Lopes, alias "Ratinho" (Little Rat). According to the daily O Globo, on 9 August a judge ordered that the five suspects already detained in this case be placed in preventive custody. They are Elizeu Felicio de Souza, alias "o Zeu", Angelo Ferreira da Silva ("o Primo"), Reinaldo Amaral de Jesos ("Kadê"), Fernando Sátyro da Silva ("o Frei") and Claudino dos Santos Coelho ("Xuxa"). This was done at the request of the two investigating magistrates in charge of the case, Vivian Tavares Henriques and Patrícia Mothé Glioche, to ensure they would not be released. The five face charges of theft, drug trafficking, homicide and "concealment of a body".
A TV Globo journalist, Lopes was killed on the night of 2-3 June while gathering information on the use of child prostitutes by drug dealers in the Vila del Cruzeiro shantytown on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro. Dealers recognized him as he was shooting footage with a micro-camera. According to two if the detained suspects, he was tortured and then finished off with a machete by the local drug baron, Crazy Elias. His body was then burned. Charred human remains found on 5 July in a clandestine cemetery in the Grota shantytown have been formally identified as those of

@_date: 1999-05-09 06:41:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Keychain drive fits in small bucket of sulphuric acid. 
(August 19, 2002 8:34 a.m. EDT) - It's time to bag the floppy disk drive. The drives, whether the 5.25-inch from the early days of personal computing or the almost-universal 3.5-inch plastic squares of today, are no longer necessary. A new widget called a Cruzer has convinced me that floppies are now as quaint as shirt armbands and sock garters.
Regular readers will know that this is a bit like the Supreme Court declaring Casual Mondays and putting aside those stuffy black robes for sandals and shorts. Every system recommended here has included at least one floppy drive, and Apple was soundly thrashed for not including one on the iMac. No more.
Here's what brought about the sea change:
Cruzer is a grey-and-black flash memory widget with a USB port. It measures 1.73 by 2.68 inches and is 0.67 inches thick. It weighs about as much as a small tube of lip gel. But it will hold 32, 64, 128 or 256 megabytes of data and work effortlessly and seamlessly on both Windows and Mac platforms. It's a new product from SanDisk Corporation of Sunnyvale, Calif.
When connected to the USB (Universal Serial Bus) port of a running system, the Cruzer becomes just another disk drive and you can write to it, read from it, erase, copy - all the things you can do with a standard hard drive.
But because it is flash memory - no moving parts - moving files to or from the Cruzer is very, very fast, much faster than a CD-ROM read-write drive. And any electricity it needs comes from the USB connection.
To put all that in perspective, the hard disk drives that stored stock information for The Associated Press 25 years ago stored 10 megabytes. They were the size of washing machines, took two strong men to lift, and had to be kept in an air-conditioned power-condition environment. The 64-megabyte Cruzor review unit, with the data capacity of six of those monsters, comfortably shared a shirt pocket with a cell phone for the trip from the office computer to the home computer for data transfer tests. And it cared not a whit that the temperature on the train platform in Penn Station was around 115 F.
The cost of the Cruzer is also comparatively tiny - $49.99 for the 32-megabyte version, $74.99 for the 64 megabyte and, by the time you're up to 256 megabytes, $199.99.
Because it behaves just like a hard drive, Cruzer doesn't care what size your files are, up to capacity. And the storage cards can be removed and The product comes with a two-inch USB extension cable, but you don't have to use it. And it comes with some encryption software that you don't have to use either. It also doesn't require drivers.
For Windows machines, the requirements are a Pentium PC with USB support and Windows 98, 98SE, 2000, ME or XP.
The Mac needs USB support and either Mac OS 9.1.whatever or OSX v10.1.2+. (Now that Apple gets a pass on its no-floppy products, the new gripe will be about the way it labels its operating system versions. Do we really need three decimal places?)
SanDisk products are available at retail. And you can find them at the sandisk.com Web site. Note that the prices quoted on the Web site are higher for the first two levels of storage than the prices now being quoted by company reps.
The Cruzer is being promoted as a "keychain" drive and comes with a little fuzzy carrier that has a keyhook, but that's probably not the best way to use it.

@_date: 1999-05-09 06:48:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The "Bell Telegraph." 
'Bell Telegraph' May Enable Cosmic Communications
Send this Article
Print this Article   Talkback
Related Stories
By Mike Martin
NewsFactor Sci::Tech,
Part of the NewsFactor Network
August 19, 2002
Einstein's special theory of relativity strictly forbids anything from traveling faster than the speed of light. A quantum mechanical Bell telegraph, however, may defy this prohibition with a twist -- literally.

@_date: 1999-05-09 07:10:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: SOCAL Repression news. 
CALL FOR AN INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT CAMPAIGN FOR THE LONG BEACH/SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA ANARCHIST MOVEMENT
By Lorenzo Komboa Ervin
Recently I visited Los Angeles for a speaking tour, and learned of the harassment and frame-ups of Anarchists in Long Beach/Los Angeles county, California. It seems that repressive police And FBI terrorism is being used to crush the Anarchist movement there. During May Day protests against capitalism held in Long Beach, police without provocation attacked a street demonstration with brutal violence, arresting about 100 persons, and physically injuring several others. People were shot with rubber bullets, beaten with baton, and sprayed with chemical Mace.
One of those arrested, Robert Middaugh, was later railroaded to prison with a three year sentence for "assaulting" the one of police officers attacking the protesters. He is now in prison as an Anarchist political prisoner of the government at a California penitentiary.
Police justified the police riot by claiming protesters threw rocks, bottles, and other projectiles, and even feces at them, which has been proven to be a total lie. These attacks were unprovoked, and just designed to break up the demonstration and stifle the organizing of the Anarchist movement. They were political repression.
Since those protests last year, several other Anarchists have been arrested on bogus charges, and others have received numerous threats and harassment from the police, including constant visits to the Anarchist infoshop. A goon squad of cops have followed them at demonstrations, and tried to goad them to violence.
Yet, through it all they have continued to protest pig/stage repression. And they are now being supported by the Black community, especially folks who have witnessed or been the victims of police brutality. The Black community in not only Long Beach, but throughout L.A. county, has been subjected to police racist violence and police racial profiling.
Add to this the continuing FBI spying and the January arrest of Sherman A., founder of the radical website, RaisetheFist.com, then one can clearly see that the American government's police forces have singled out the Long Beach area as a test for how to crush the Anarchist movement in this period.
As has happened in the past, whenever Anarchism became a dangerous and potent political force, the government then engages in a policy of systematic political repression. This is similar to the FBI's COINTELPRO campaign against the 1960's Black Panther Party and New Left. They framed activists, set groups against each other to prevent joint support, and used massive violence to put down protests.
We must support these Anarchists, or they will be coming after us next. Today it's Long Beach and L.A., tomorrow it will be those of us in New York, Chicago, Boston, Atlanta, Detroit, or wherever Anarchists are organized. The new "anti-terrorist" laws give the government a strong hand to put down political dissent, but solidarity is our major weapon. We must support each other, and not allow government lies and misinformation lead us to inaction.
I am calling on the international Anarchist Black Cross movement, and Anarchists all over the world to support the Long Beach Anarchists, Sherman A., Robert Middaugh, and others caught up in the government's dragnet. We cannot let this repression go unchecked, and injury to one is an injury to WHAT CAN YOU DO?
1. Send donation for legal defense of these Anarchists to: Long Beach Infoshop, 684 Redondo Avenue, Long Beach, CA. 90814-1453.
2. Send letters of complaint to Long Beach city and L.A. County officials demanding that they drop these prosecutions and end the harassment of Anarchists: Mayor Beverly O'Neil, 333 West Ocean Beach Blvd., Long Beach, CA. 90802 e-mail: Mayor at ci.long-beach.ca.us ; Tom Reaves, City Prosecutor also needs to hear from you: prosecutor at ci.long-beach.ca for bring the misdemeanor charges, as does Steve Cooley, L.A. County District Attorney, who is bring the felony charges, lada at co.la.ca.us
3. Send letters of support for the victims of these frame-ups or this repression to: Los Angeles Anarchist Black Cross, P.O. Box 3671, Anaheim, CA. 98203-3671 email: LA_blackcross at hotmail.com or Blackcross at disinfo.net
4. Spread the word on the case of the Long Beach Anarchists, and when the time comes for a mass solidarity protest (Day of Action) and a tribunal on police crimes, be ready to come there. (dates to be announced)
For more information on the Long Beach struggle, or to see pic(s) of the May 2001 police riot, plese go to:  ,  ,

@_date: 1999-05-09 07:37:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hellholes by Halliburton. 
Halliburton to Build New Cells at Guantanamo Base WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. has been awarded a $9.7 million contract to build an additional 204-cell detention camp at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to hold additional suspected al Qaeda and Taliban prisoners, the Pentagon said on Friday.
The move will expand the high-security prison on the base, where hundreds of such "detainees" from Afghanistan are already being held in 612 small The prison at Guantanamo Bay Naval Station has played a major part in the U.S. war on terrorism declared after September's attacks on America in which more than 3,000 people died. No prisoners have been charged, but some could eventually face military trials.
Brown and Root Services, an engineering division of Halliburton, will build the additional 6-by-8-foot cells on the windward side of the remote U.S. base at the southeastern tip of Cuba, the Pentagon said.
The work is expected to be completed by October. But the Pentagon suggested on Friday that the facility could grow even more and that the contract could eventually total as much as $300 million if additional options were exercised over the next four years.
Vice President Dick Cheney is the former chief executive officer of Halliburton, whose main business is providing oilfield services. The company has come under heavy pressure this year because of concerns about its liabilities and a probe by the Securities and Exchange Commission into its accounting for cost overruns on construction projects.
Additional Cells Sought By Rumsfeld
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld earlier this month asked Congress to approve expanding the prison facility, which currently has 612 cells, by 204 cells.
Army Lt. Col. Joe Hoey, a spokesman for the task force running the prisoner operation at the naval base in Cuba, said earlier that the United States was holding and interrogating 564 suspected Taliban and al Qaeda prisoners.
The prisoners were captured in the U.S.-led war against the al Qaeda group blamed for the September attacks and against the Taliban government that sheltered them in Afghanistan.
The captives were moved in April to Camp Delta, a permanent facility built to replace Camp X-Ray, a series of makeshift chain-link cells hastily erected when the U.S. military first brought prisoners from Afghanistan to Guantanamo in January.
The United States drew fire from human rights groups after photographs were distributed of the prisoners squatting in their cells in the blazing Cuban sun. Human rights activists have criticized that U.S. stance that the captives are not prisoners of war under the Geneva conventions.
The fate of the prisoners being held at Guantanamo is still uncertain. The United States government has set guidelines to try some of them before military tribunals but has not said when that might happen.
Camp Delta is made up of solid cells in rows that look like long mobile homes. Unlike Camp X-Ray, they have wash basins with running water and floor-style toilets that flush.
Like X-Ray, Camp Delta is surrounded by fences topped with razor wire and ringed by wooden guard towers manned by sharpshooters. But the new camp is enclosed inside a green mesh curtain, which prevents visitors from seeing in and keeps the prisoners from seeing the tightly guarded shoreline a few hundred yards away.
author: Charles Aldinger
news service: Reuters url: date: 2002-07-27
Habeus Corpus is dead for 2 aussis held illegally by the great Satan.

@_date: 1999-05-09 07:48:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: mwo aug 20 2002. 
"Don't worry, Governor.  None
of the children in MY agency's custody're gonna be lodging any complaints..."
JEB APPOINTS CHILDBEATING ADVOCATE TO HEAD
CHILD WELFARE AGENCY!
SPOKESWOMAN:  PRO-CHILDBEATERS
ARE "MEN AND WOMEN OF FAITH"
BEAT THEM OUT OF THE LORD'S LOVE?
HUSBANDS HAVE FINAL SAY IN ALL DISPUTES!
WOMEN WHO WORK OUTSIDE HOME "IN BONDAGE"!
"CONFORM ALL FAMILY LEGISLATION TO
BIBLICAL REALITY AND MORALITY"!
TALLAHASSEE - The man named Thursday by Gov. Jeb Bush to head Florida's notoriously inept child welfare agency is an evangelical Christian who views spanking that causes ''bruises or welts'' as acceptable punishment.
The revelation did not come to Bush's attention until hours after the governor introduced Jerry Regier, a former Oklahoma Cabinet secretary and aide to Bush's father, as the new chief of the state's Department of Children and Families.
Regier, 57, was named less than 48 hours after the resignation of DCF Secretary Kathleen A. Kearney. He takes over an agency that has been embroiled in scandal since 5-year-old Rilya Wilson disappeared.
In a 1989 essay entitled The Christian World View of the Family, Regier and co-author George Rekers railed against abortion and gay couples forming families, and emphasized that husbands have "final say in any family dispute.''
And the essay declares that ''biblical spanking'' that leads to "temporary and superficial bruises or welts do not constitute child abuse.'' ...
But Regier's essay raises questions about the suggestion that he would keep beliefs and government duties separate.
He and Rekers at one point urge Christians to take "whatever actions we can, within our biblical and constitutional limits, to realign county, state, and federal legislation regarding family issues in order to make it conform to the Bible's view of reality and morality.''
Full Story
Jeb Bush has been under intense fire in recent months for his negligence in overseeing Florida's Department of Children and Families, ridden with controversy recently for losing track of foster children, leaving children in abusive situations and falsifying reports.
So how does this sorry excuse for a public servant respond?  Why in typical, negligent, patronage-for-Poppy-pals Bush Crime Family fashion: He appoints Jerry Regier, fundie fanatic and former Poppy aide with a paper trail revealing he is pro-child abuse as the agency's new chief!
Shockingly, Bush says he didn't even know enough about Regier's background to realize he held fanatical, godless, anti-family views.
Say what?  Bush is faced with the responsibility of cleaning up a disgraced and scandal-ridden agency charged with protecting children and he doesn't even bother to find out the candidate's view on beating children?
But wait, it gets worse... Now that Bush does know, what is his response?
Bush spokeswoman Katie Muniz:
"Mr. Regier has been an outstanding public servant for over a decade serving two presidents and a sitting governor. His record speaks for itself. Many of our nation's finest public servants past and present have been men and women of faith.''
That's right.  Basically it comes down to: "We didn't know.  But now that we do, we don't care."
And, apparently, those formerly known as childbeaters are now to be known as "men and women of faith" in the Jeb Bush administration.
Furthermore, aside from his extremism, Regier's record does indeed "speak for itself."  But it doesn't say what Jebbie wants us to believe it says:
When Gov. Jeb Bush appointed a Broward judge with a passion for reform to overhaul his badly damaged child welfare agency, he promised to repair a system he said other politicians had left in shambles.
''It's not how I want my state to be viewed,'' he said.
The year was 1999, and Florida ranked 36th among the 50 states for key indicators of children's well-being.
Oklahoma ranked 40th. Its secretary of Health & Human Services at the time was Jerry Regier, the man Bush tapped last week to head Florida's Department of Children & Families.
Full story
But wait... It gets worse still.
How have Jeb's prospective Democratic opponents responded?
Bush "should be focusing on what needs to be done to protect children, not on a controversy about who his nominee is," said Tampa lawyer Bill McBride.
Former U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno said, "With all of the challenges facing DCF, one would think that the governor would pick someone who would not be a lightning rod for controversy."
Full Story
What is wrong with Florida Democrats?  Why haven't they seized on an issue like this one that so clearly illustrates why any member of the Bush Crime Family should be permanently deprived of power?
Why have these Democratic candidates made general, vague "controversy" the issue instead of the reason for the controversy:  Jeb Bush's persistent and now more undeniable than ever unbelievable negligence and incompetence!  (Flashback:  In its early days, MWO exposed Jeb for the same kind of neglect and malfeasance when he refused to take action against another official/crony whose agency was embroiled in scandal after scandal

@_date: 1999-05-09 08:12:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 85 dead soldiers in copter crash. 
What do you call that?
85 Russian soldiers die in Chechnya copter crash
AP [ TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 2002 8:04:44 AM ]
MOSCOW: A Russian transport helicopter jammed with troops crashed in Chechnya on Monday, and Russian news agencies reported that as many as 85 servicemen were killed in the wreck near Moscow's front-line base for its battle with separatist rebels.
Russian officials said they did not know whether the Mi-26 helicopter was shot down or how many people were killed.
The helicopter went down near the Russian military headquarters at Khankala outside Chechnya's capital Grozny with 132 people aboard, said Col. Boris Podoprigora, deputy commander of Russian troops in Chechnya. Grim-faced, he said 32 were hospitalized and would survive, and that doctors were doing their best to treat others at the crash site, where other military officials said the wreck burned for at least an hour after the crash.
The Interfax news agency later reported that 142 people were aboard the helicopter, citing an unidentified source at the headquarters.
Podoprigora did not say how many people died. Sergei Fridinsky, a deputy prosecutor general, told the Interfax news agency there were dozens of dead and wounded, and Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov, in a written statement issued by the Defense Ministry, offered his condolences to relatives of the servicemen who were killed. He did not provide any numbers.
Earlier, Interfax reported that about 80 servicemen were killed, citing a source at the military headquarters. ITAR-Tass, also citing a source there, put the death toll at 85.
Fridinsky said investigators were examining two main possible causes of the crash _ that the helicopter was shot down by Chechen rebels or suffered a technical problem. A high-ranking source at the headquarters said authorities believed it was more likely a technical problem, but that nothing was being ruled out.
Defense Ministry press office chief Nikolai Deryabin told ORT state television that the pilot had requested permission to make an emergency landing because an engine was on fire.
Fridinsky said the helicopter fell onto a minefield. Podoprigora said he could not confirm that, but he said rescuers were working in difficult conditions at the site, which Russian TV networks said was cordoned off.
Podoprigora said the Mi-26, described as the biggest helicopter in the world, is designed to carry 82 people. Officials did not say why so many servicemen were on the flight from a military base at Mozdok in neighboring Ingushetia. Authorities said all five crew members survived.
President Vladimir Putin ordered a thorough and fair investigation into the crash, which ITAR-Tass said was the biggest in Russian army history, and said he wanted to be kept up to date. The crash came amid a spate of rebel actions against Russian forces in Chechnya, including attacks late last week in southwestern Chechnya that killed nine servicemen and five civilians.
Some analysts surmised that rebels had intensified their actions to underline to the Russian government that it should enter peace negotiations. A Chechen rebel representative met last week in Geneva with a former head of Russia's Security Council, to discuss restarting talks that have been stalled since last year.
Russia's government maintains that the war it launched in the breakaway Caucasus Mountain republic in fall 1999 is all but over, with just isolated groups of rebels holding out. However, Russian soldiers are killed almost every day in rebel attacks that sap the military's manpower and morale.
In September 2001, two generals and 11 other Russian servicemen died when their helicopter was shot down by a shoulder-fired missile shortly after takeoff from Grozny.
Another helicopter, an Mi-8 carrying two top Interior Ministry officials and 12 other people, crashed in Chechnya in January. The Kremlin said that crash was an accident, but an official with the Moscow-appointed civilian administration for Chechnya said investigators had found fragments of the helicopter that suggested it was also shot down with a missile.
Helicopter crashes are fairly common in Russia, where the aging craft _ sometimes weighed down by passengers and cargo _ are often used to ferry soldiers or civilians to remote areas that are hard to reach by road, rail or plane.
Russian forces withdrew from Chechnya following a devastating 1994-1996 war that left separatists in charge, but they returned in 1999 after Chechnya-based militants invaded a neighboring region and the Kremlin blamed rebels for apartment-building bombings killed 300 people in Moscow and other cities.

@_date: 1999-05-09 08:35:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Aldrich Ames smokescreen.The US was served. 
Death of 'spy who got away' ends Cold War chapter
BY MARGARET COKER
Cox News Service
ZHUKOVKA, Russia - The two-story brick house complete with garage and painted wooden fence has all the trappings of a typical American suburban home. But the occupant for the last 15 years was not a typical American.
Edward Howard, 50, the only CIA official to defect to the Soviet Union, lived in this small community about 10 miles north of Moscow. When his body was found early July 12 laying face up in the garden outside the house, an embarrassing chapter of U.S. Cold War espionage came to a close.
Yet the life he built in Moscow, which included a cozy relationship with his family and freedom to travel, raises questions about why U.S. law enforcement agencies couldn't bring one of their most wanted fugitives to justice after he defected in 1985.
Described as a drunken fool by former colleagues and a traitor by U.S. intelligence officials, the New Mexico native always maintained his innocence, saying in a 1995 memoir: ``I never gave information that could hurt America or Americans.''
Neither the CIA nor the FBI would comment on Howard's case.
According to Russian sources, however, the ''spy who got away'' traveled repeatedly to the United States after his defection without being detected by the CIA or FBI.
'SMUGGLED' TO U.S.
Victor Andrianov, who retired in 1992 as the deputy head of foreign intelligence, recalled in an interview last week how the KGB ''smuggled'' Howard back to the United States, via Canada, in the late 1980s.
''He wanted to see with his own eyes that his wife and kid were alright,'' Andrianov said. ``It was extremely risky . . . but we owed it to him.''
Indeed, former KGB officials who knew Howard say he traveled widely during his last 17 years. Trips to Nicaragua, Hungary and Switzerland provided U.S. officials ample opportunity to ask for his arrest and extradition. But apparently this was never done, even though the information Howard allegedly sold the Kremlin reportedly resulted in the execution of a Soviet citizen working for the CIA and the dismantling of the U.S. spy network in the Soviet Union.
The history of Howard's case reads like a John le Carre thriller. Hired by the CIA in 1980, Howard was training for a posting in Moscow when he was fired in 1983 for lying about drinking, drug use and theft.
Soon afterward, Howard got a new job with the New Mexico Legislature, but ran into trouble with the law. Although under probation for a misdemeanor conviction and prohibited from leaving the state, Howard left New Mexico three times: once to attend a conference in Washington, then to visit Italy and Austria with his wife Mary and then one quick trip alone to Vienna.
It was the 1984 trip to Austria that piqued the FBI's curiosity -- they allege this is the time when Howard sold secrets to the KGB for $6,000.
ELUDES TAIL
On Sept. 20, 1985, FBI agents interviewed Howard and put him under surveillance. With his wife's help, he eluded the tail and fled the country on Sept. 21 on a flight bound for Helsinki.
 From Finland, Howard was smuggled into the Soviet Union with KGB help, according to Howard's former handler, Vladimir Kryuchkov, and given political asylum in Moscow on Aug. 7, 1986.
Howard admitted in his 1995 memoirs Safe House that he identified for the KGB photographs of people he had worked with and described general CIA procedures for recruiting agents. But this was the extent of his interaction with the Soviets, he said.
Russian versions of Howard's importance vary wildly.
The Federal Security Bureau, the successor organization to the KGB, refused to comment on the allegation that Howard's information resulted in the death of Adolf Tolkachev, a Soviet scientist researching stealth aircraft technology in the 1980s.
Andrianov said Howard was crucial in unmasking CIA moles, including Tolkachev.
''Howard helped clarify the then-CIA list of residents in Moscow, the covers the U.S. spies used. He told us that the CIA was widely using Hollywood-style masks to leave the embassy building unidentified when going on operative assignments,'' Andrianov told the Moscow daily Komsomolskaya Pravda. ``Edward revealed to us the features of a valuable U.S. agent. We identified the agent as Soviet scientist Adolf Tolkachev.''
AMES TRUE SOURCE
Yet other former KGB contacts, who insisted on anonymity, say Howard's colleague convicted spy Aldrich Ames was a far more important source.
They said the CIA mistakenly blamed Howard for information sold by Ames. The KGB exploited this confusion, they said, using Howard as a smoke screen to hide Ames, who when he was finally caught 10 years after Howard's defection, was considered the most dangerous traitor in modern U.S. history.
Howard's wife, a former CIA secretary, was never prosecuted for helping her husband flee the United States. She and Howard's son, Lee, traveled at least once a year to Russia to visit Howard. The family also reunited on Howard's trips abroad, according to Russian intelligence agents responsible for guarding Howard.
COLLECT REMAINS
Mary and Lee came to Moscow to collect Howard's remains after a cremation ceremony in July attended by former KGB pals.
For those who attempted to apprehend Howard, the news of his death ended an unsuccessful and complex chase.
John Hudenko spent half of his 31-year career with the FBI in New Mexico on Howard's trail.
He traded faxes with Howard, tracked his movements and even met him in Sweden, where Howard lived for a year after his KGB protector, Kryuchkov, was jailed in 1991 following a failed coup aimed at overthrowing Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev.
Yet Hudenko said he was never able to catch Howard in a misstep that could lead to him being brought to prosecution in U.S. courts.
In a July interview with the Associated Press, during which he was told of Howard's death, Hudenko expressed no disappointment. ''Justice was served,'' Hudenko said.

@_date: 1999-05-09 08:46:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: US "ThinkTanks."Arab news. 
US thinktanks give lessons in foreign policy
By Brian Whitaker
A little-known fact about Richard Perle, the leading advocate of hardline policies at the Pentagon, is that he once wrote a political thriller. The book, appropriately called Hard Line, is set in the days of the cold war with the Soviet Union. Its hero is a male senior official at the Pentagon, working late into the night and battling almost single-handedly to rescue the US from liberal wimps at the state department who want to sign away America's nuclear deterrent in a disarmament deal with the Russians.
Ten years on Mr Perle finds himself cast in the real-life role of his fictional hero - except that the Russians are no longer a threat, so he has to make do with the Iraqis, the Saudis and terrorism in general.
In real life too, Mr Perle is not fighting his battle single-handed. Around him there is a cosy and cleverly-constructed network of Middle East "experts" who share his neo-conservative outlook and who pop up as talking heads on US television, in newspapers, books, testimonies to congressional committees, and at lunchtime gatherings in Washington.
The network centres on research institutes - thinktanks that attempt to influence government policy and are funded by tax-deductible gifts from unidentified donors.
When he is not too busy at the Pentagon, or too busy running Hollinger Digital - part of the group that publishes the Daily Telegraph in Britain - or at board meetings of the Jerusalem Post, Mr Perle is "resident fellow" at one of the thinktanks - the American Enterprise Institute (AEI).
Mr Perle's close friend and political ally at AEI is David Wurmser, head of its Middle East studies department. Mr Perle helpfully wrote the introduction to Mr Wurmser's book, Tyranny's Ally: America's Failure to Defeat Saddam Hussein.
Mr Wurmser's wife, Meyrav, is co-founder, along with Colonel Yigal Carmon, formerly of Israeli military intelligence - of the Middle East Media Research Institute (Memri), which specialises in translating and distributing articles that show Arabs in a bad light.
She also holds strong views on leftwing Israeli intellectuals, whom she regards as a threat to Israel (see "Selective Memri", Guardian Unlimited, August 12, 2002).
Ms Wurmser currently runs the Middle East section at another thinktank - the Hudson Institute, where Mr Perle recently joined the board of trustees. In addition, Ms Wurmser belongs to an organisation called the Middle East Michael Rubin, a specialist on Iran, Iraq and Afghanistan, who recently arrived from yet another thinktank, the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, assists Mr Perle and Mr Wurmser at AEI. Mr Rubin also belongs to the Middle East Forum.
Another Middle East scholar at AEI is Laurie Mylroie, author of Saddam Hussein's Unfinished War Against America, which expounds a rather daft theory that Iraq was behind the 1993 World Trade Centre bombing.
When the book was published by the AEI, Mr Perle hailed it as "splendid and wholly convincing".
An earlier book on Iraq Saddam Hussein and the Crisis in the Gulf which Ms Mylroie co-authored with Judith Miller, a New York Times journalist, became the New York Times's No 1 bestseller.
Ms Mylroie and Ms Miller both have connections with the Middle East Forum. Mr Perle, Mr Rubin, Ms Wurmser, Ms Mylroie and Ms Miller are all clients of Eleana Benador, a Peruvian-born linguist who acts as a sort of theatrical agent for experts on the Middle East and terrorism, organising their TV appearances and speaking engagements.
Of the 28 clients on Ms Benador's books, at least nine are connected with the AEI, the Washington Institute and the Middle East Forum.
Although these three privately-funded organisations promote views from only one end of the political spectrum, the amount of exposure that they get with their books, articles and TV appearances is extraordinary.
The Washington Institute, for example, takes the credit for placing up to 90 articles written by its members - mainly "op-ed" pieces - in newspapers during the last year.
Fourteen of those appeared in the Los Angeles Times, nine in New Republic, eight in the Wall Street Journal, eight in the Jerusalem Post, seven in the National Review Online, six in the Daily Telegraph, six in the Washington Post, four in the New York Times and four in the Baltimore Sun. Of the total, 50 were written by Michael Rubin.
Anyone who has tried offering op-ed articles to a major newspaper will appreciate the scale of this achievement.
The media attention bestowed on these thinktanks is not for want of other experts in the field. American universities have about 1,400 full-time faculty members specialising in the Middle East.
Of those, an estimated 400-500 are experts on some aspect of contemporary politics in the region, but their views are rarely sought or heard, either by the media or government.
"I see a parade of people from these institutes coming through as talking heads [on cable TV]. I very seldom see a professor from a university on those shows," says Juan Cole, professor of history at Michigan University, who is a critic of the private institutes.
"Academics [at universities] are involved in analysing what's going on but they're not advocates, so they don't have the same impetus," he said.
"The expertise on the Middle East that exists in the universities is not being utilised, even for basic information."
Of course, very few academics have agents like Eleana Benador to promote their work and very few are based in Washington - which can make arranging TV appearances , or rubbing shoulders with state department officials a bit Those who work for US thinktanks are often given university-style titles such as "senior fellow", or "adjunct scholar", but their research is very different from that of universities - it is entirely directed towards shaping government policy.
What nobody outside the thinktanks knows, however, is who pays for this policy-shaping research.
Under US law, large donations given to non-profit, "non-partisan" organisations such as thinktanks must be itemised in their annual "form 990" returns to the tax authorities. But the identity of donors does not need to be made public.
The AEI, which deals with many other issues besides the Middle East, had assets of $35.8m (£23.2m) and an income of $24.5m in 2000, according to its most recent tax return.
It received seven donations of $1m or above in cash or shares, the highest being $3.35m.
The Washington Institute, which deals only with Middle East policy, had assets of $11.2m and an income of $4.1m in 2000. The institute says its donors are identifiable because they are also its trustees, but the list of trustees contains 239 names which makes it impossible to distinguish large benefactors from small ones.
The smaller Middle East Forum had an income of less than $1.5m in 2000, with the largest single donation amounting to $355,000.
In terms of their ability to influence policy, thinktanks have several advantages over universities. To begin with they can hire staff without committee procedures, which allows them to build up teams of researchers that share a similar political orientation.
They can also publish books themselves without going through the academic refereeing processes required by university publishers. And they usually site themselves in Washington, close to government and the media.
Apart from influencing policy on the Middle East, the Washington Institute and the Middle East Forum recently launched a campaign to discredit university departments that specialise in the region.
After September 11, when various government agencies realised there was a shortage of Americans who could speak Arabic, there were moves to beef up the relevant university departments.
But Martin Kramer, of the Washington Institute, Middle East Forum and former director of the Moshe Dayan Centre at Tel Aviv university, had other He produced a vitriolic book Ivory Towers on Sand, which criticised Middle East departments of universities in the US.
His book was published by the Washington Institute and warmly reviewed in the Weekly Standard, whose editor, William Kristol, was a member of the Middle East Forum along with Mr Kramer.
"Kramer has performed a crucial service by exposing intellectual rot in a scholarly field of capital importance to national wellbeing," the review said.
The Washington Institute is considered the most influential of the Middle East thinktanks, and the one that the state department takes most seriously. Its director is the former US diplomat, Dennis Ross.
Besides publishing books and placing newspaper articles, the institute has a number of other activities that for legal purposes do not constitute lobbying, since this would change its tax status.
It holds lunches and seminars, typically about three times a week, where ideas are exchanged and political networking takes place. It has also given testimony to congressional committees nine times in the last five years.
Every four years, it convenes a "bipartisan blue-ribbon commission" known as the Presidential study group, which presents a blueprint for Middle East policy to the newly-elected president.
The institute makes no secret of its extensive links with Israel, which currently include the presence of two scholars from the Israeli armed forces.
Israel is an ally and the connection is so well known that officials and politicians take it into account when dealing with the institute. But it would surely be a different matter if the ally concerned were a country such as Egypt, Pakistan or Saudi Arabia.
Apart from occasional lapses, such as the publication of Mr Kramer's book, the Washington Institute typically represents the considered, sober voice of American-Israeli conservatism.
The Middle East Forum is its strident voice - two different tones, but mostly the same people.
Three prominent figures from the Washington Institute - Robert Satloff (director of policy), Patrick Clawson (director of research) and Mr Rubin (prolific writer, currently at AEI) - also belong to the forum.
Daniel Pipes, the bearded $100,000-a-year head of the forum is listed as an "associate" at the institute, while Mr Kramer, editor of the forum's journal, is a "visiting fellow".
Mr Pipes became the bete noire of US Muslim organisations after writing an article for the National Review in 1990 that referred to "massive immigration of brown-skinned peoples cooking strange foods and not exactly maintaining Germanic standards of hygiene".
Since he usually complains vigorously when the words are quoted outside their original context, readers are invited to view the full article at  He is also noted for his combative performances on the Fox News channel, where he has an interesting business relationship. Search for his name on the Fox News website and, along with transcripts of his TV interviews, an advert appears saying "Daniel Pipes is available thru Barber & Associates, America's leading resource for business, international and technology speakers since 1977".
The Middle East Forum issues two regular publications, the Middle East Quarterly and the Middle East Intelligence Bulletin, the latter published jointly with the United States Committee for a Free Lebanon.
The Middle East Quarterly describes itself as "a bold, insightful, and controversial publication".
Among the insights in its latest issue is an article on weapons of mass destruction that says Syria "has more destructive capabilities" than Iraq, or Iran.
The Middle East Intelligence Bulletin, which is sent out by email free of charge - but can never-the-less afford to pay its contributors - specialises in covering the seamy side of Lebanese and Syrian politics. The ever-active Mr Rubin is on its editorial board.
The Middle East Forum also targets universities through its campus speakers Bureau - that in adopting the line of Mr Kramer's book, seeks to correct "inaccurate Middle Eastern curricula in American education", by addressing "biases" and "basic errors" and providing "better information" than students can get from the many "irresponsible" professors that it believes lurk in US universities.
At a time when much of the world is confused by what it sees as an increasingly bizarre set of policies on the Middle East coming from Washington, to understand the neat little network outlined above may make such policies a little more explicable.
Of course these people and organisations are not the only ones trying to influence US policy on the Middle East. There are others who try to influence it too - in different directions.
However, this particular network is operating in a political climate that is currently especially receptive to its ideas.
It is also well funded by its anonymous benefactors and is well organised. Ideas sown by one element are watered and nurtured by the others.
Whatever outsiders may think about this, worldly-wise Americans see no cause for disquiet. It's just a coterie of like-minded chums going about their normal business, and an everyday story of political life in Washington.

@_date: 1999-05-09 08:50:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Catherine Trammel Bill, Sacramento. 
California Assembly committee passes new 'Son of Sam' bill
By The Associated Press
Printer-friendly page
SACRAMENTO — An Assembly committee unanimously passed a bill late last week that would allow victims to sue criminals for monetary damages long after the crime.
The state Supreme Court struck down the original version of the "Son of Sam" law in February, declaring it a violation of free-speech rights. That law, enacted in 1983, banned felons from profiting from their criminal actions with books or movies, diverting their profits to the victims instead.
SB1887, which passed the Assembly Judiciary committee on Aug. 16, attempts to circumvent the court's ruling by simply extending the statute of limitations for victims' lawsuits from one year after the crime to 10 years after the felon is freed from prison and completes parole. That would allow time for victims to sue for any money made by the felon as a result of the The "Son of Sam" bill, authored by Sen. Bruce McPherson, D-Santa Cruz, is named after the first such law passed in New York, inspired by "Son of Sam" serial killer David Berkowitz, who was offered a substantial sum for his story. The U.S. Supreme Court struck down that law in 1991.
The Senate unanimously passed the bill in June. It will move next to the Assembly floor.
California 'Son of Sam' law struck down
State high court says statute barring felons from profiting from their crime stories could threaten many published works. 02.22.02
Yates story could test state's ban on profiting from crime
Analysis Texas' 'Son of Sam' law would likely face constitutional challenge if anyone were to try to buy rights to Houston mother's story. 06.06.02
Massachusetts high court knocks down 'Son of Sam' bill
Asked by lawmakers to issue advisory opinion, justices say legislation is too broad, targets a certain kind of content. 03.18.02

@_date: 1999-05-09 09:10:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Collapse of the US foretold? 
Russians mark failed Gorbachev coup
MOSCOW - A small group of demonstrators marked the 11th anniversary of the failed coup that sped the demise of the Soviet Union on Monday, while a new opinion poll suggested growing support for the actions of the hard-line Communists who plotted to overthrow Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev.
In August 1991, a group of hard-liners calling themselves the State Emergency Committee isolated Gorbachev at a Black Sea resort, announced that he was ill, and sent armored columns into Moscow. Thousands of protesters took to the streets, manning barricades and rallying around Boris Yeltsin, then president of the Russian republic. The coup collapsed after three days and the Soviet Union fell apart a few months later.
About 70 people who defended Yeltsin and the White House - the downtown Moscow building that then housed Russia's parliament - against an assault that never came in 1991 returned to the site Monday to reminisce. But many of them expressed disappointment that so few people turned out to mark the Nadezhda Sergeyeva, 55, a retired legal aide, said she rushed back from vacation when she heard about the coup and joined the throngs of people gathered around the White House. She called the events of August 1991 an "historic turning point."
"It's sad that so many people, so many Muscovites, are forgetting about this," she said. "It's hard for the new generation to understand because they didn't live during that time."
A new opinion poll conducted by the respected All-Russia Public Opinion Center, or VTsIOM, found growing support for the coup plotters, 11 years after their defeat.
Of 1600 Russians surveyed in late July, 21 percent said the State Emergency Committee was "right," up from 14 percent the year before.
At the same time, the number of Russians who said the anti-coup forces were "right" shrunk from 24 percent to 17 percent.
Some 32 percent said they had not had been able to figure out what was going on at the time, and 30 percent said it was hard to answer. The poll had a margin of error of 3.8 percent.
The coup's collapse encouraged the Soviet republics to claim broader independence, and in December 1991 Russia, Ukraine and Belarus announced the Soviet Union defunct. Gorbachev resigned on Dec. 25.
The Soviet breakup ushered in a decade of chaos and economic upheaval, and much of the exuberance that accompanied the coup's failure evaporated.
Gennady Zyuganov, the head of the Russian Communist Party, said the coup's defeat and the demise of the Soviet Union have brought nothing but misery for Russia.
"No freedom came after the so-called victory over members of the State Emergency Committee," Zyuganov told the Interfax news agency. "We lost nearly all markets, 13,000 enterprises were destroyed and entire industries ceased to exist."
Gorbachev was not in Russia for the coup anniversary Monday. The former Soviet president is on vacation in Greece and won't be back in Russia until the end of the week, his spokesman told Interfax

@_date: 1999-05-09 09:17:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Treason for Dummies. 
Your short course in Treason is a series of articles on how spies are caught, the prevalence of espionage, and why people spy.
It starts with a short piece on How Spies Are Caught. That comes first, as it is so important for anyone who may be considering espionage to understand that they WILL be caught. Perhaps not right away, but eventually. The statute of limitations does not apply to the crime of espionage. Anyone who commits this crime will have to be looking over their shoulder for the rest of their life.
The Insider Espionage Threat identifies four conditions that must exist before espionage occurs – opportunity to commit the crime; motive; ability to overcome inhibitions such as moral values, fear of being caught, and loyalty to employer or co-workers; and a trigger that sets the betrayal in motion. The article then analyzes how these pre-conditions for betrayal are increasing as a result of changes in social and economic conditions in the United States, and in our relations with the rest of the world.
Explosive growth in information technology is increasing exponentially the amount of information that can be collected and compromised by a single, well-placed spy. Insider Threat to Information Systems examines some of the unique security issues associated with computer professionals.
Exploring the Mind of the Spy discusses what psychologists have learned by interviewing and testing arrested and convicted American spies. Motivations for espionage are far more complex than commonly believed. Selling secrets is usually the last act of a long-simmering emotional crisis. In many cases, the symptoms of this crisis have been observable, identifiable, and even treatable before the damage was done. Typically, however, the potential significance of the "at-risk" behavior has not been recognized or reported at the time by coworkers or supervisors.
Espionage by the Numbers describes an unclassified database on all Americans arrested for espionage since the start of the Cold War. Based on media reports, trial records and unclassified official documents, the data base records information characteristics of the spies, characteristics of the espionage activity, and prevalence among the spies of several behaviors that are commonly associated with security risk.
Related Topics: Counterintelligence Indicators, Reporting Improper, Unreliable, or Suspicious Behavior, How Do I Know When I'm Being Targeted and Assessed.

@_date: 1999-05-09 09:23:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Aldrich a valuable employee.  
Ames
1. This account is based entirely on unclassified sources, principally the Unclassified Abstract of the CIA Inspector General's Report on the Aldrich H. Ames Case and the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence report, dated November 1, 1994, An Assessment of the Aldrich H. Ames Espionage Case and Its Implications for U.S. Intelligence. The CIA Inspector General's report is available on the Internet at

@_date: 1999-05-09 09:33:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Religious terrorism in the buckeye state. 
Dute Case Postponed Till October
The trial of Jennifer Dute, a Cincinnati woman charged with pandering obscenity via her website has been postponed until October. The trial was supposed to have started today but was moved back due to scheduling conflicts. Dute and her husband Alan who tape swingers' parties were indicted by a Hamilton County grand jury this past April on four counts of pandering obscenity, charges that carry a maximum sentence of four years in prison. Their company, A&J Specialty, also was indicted on four counts of pandering obscenity and faces a maximum fine of $40,000.
The search warrant was served March 21. Hamilton County Prosecutor Mike Allen said the pair sold pornographic videos by mail "despite a court order prohibiting such sales to or from Hamilton County." Authorities said sales were made Feb. 11, March 4, March 7, and March 21. Officials said the Dutes pleaded guilty to similar charges three years ago.
Hank Rose posts the following on yesportal.com: "Courtesy of porn media's Clark Gable lookalike, the mustachioed namesake of  the obscenity case news story involves one Jennifer Dute, an Ohio adult entrepreneur who was in the business of selling videos of her swinging escapades in a partnership with her husband. Arrested and out on bail, she is now confronted with a trial and 4 years in jail if convicted.
In a throwback to the Reagan years when the Mease Commission excused porn witch-hunting in the name of citizen's community values, small-time Dute was subject to a sting operation as if she were a high-profile kingpin in the sexual wilderness of Greater LA's porn valley. Her home and place of business was raided, capital goods confiscated and right to sexual free expression made a living hell.
Big wow. Dute will beat this in the short run. With a swingers group-sex home-video product amateurish by US West Coast and European standards, the trumped-up hassle will end with a swift acquittal. Throw in even a mediocre defense and no jury in the 50 states will give a guilty verdict the light of day. Not in a post-9/11 era where we worship sexual escapism while our terrorist enemies shroud their women under veils.
Aside from the scapegoats, it's nice to know that there are amateur porn swingers in this great land of ours who ply their trade unmolested by anti-lust lawmen. In my part-time role as a jizz-biz consultant, I tell ignorant people who have the misfortune of hailing from parts of the country with more cows than common sense to leave home and come west if they wish to turn their adult lifestyle into an XXX free speech living.
The Dute offender's X portal,  is still online as of this publication. Yet other interesting and colorful sites which market their erotic video wares free of governmental oppression include cathyswings.com, featuring a homegirl with a taste for dark meat;  an adult web flea market run by a mature babe who caters to all kinky lusts; and  which speaks for itself.
For those who have the libido and the professional insight, a swinging lifestyle can lead to a fulfilling career in pro-am porn. But it can often jeopardize your rights, depending on where you live. There are simply parts of the US where hard mainstream adult material is not accepted and so swingers and amateurs are left to stick their necks out to fill a demand for which there is limited supply.
I find it somewhat ironic that back in the horny height of my swinger days, the hottest encounter I ever had was with a law enforcement lady who was a gung-ho officer by day and a dung-ho "orificee" by night. Try as they will, the conservatively sexless cannot unspoon an ocean of fuckian free speech with a sea of prudish prosecution. For today, obscenity has a new name -- religious terrorism -- and not sexual hedonism.

@_date: 1999-05-09 11:31:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Great Satan tortures aussi's. 
Lawyers demand fair go for al-Qaeda pair
By Cynthia Banham
August 20 2002
The Australian Bar Association has accused the Federal Government of failing the two Australians held captive by the American military in Guantanamo Bay, and has called on it to support their rights to legal access.
The association's president, David Curtin, QC, said it was "entirely unsatisfactory" that Adelaide-born David Hicks and Sydney man Mamdouh Habib had been held for nine months without charge or access to lawyers.
"The Australian Government has failed them in not supporting their claim for access to legal advice," he said. "We strongly urge the Attorney-General and the Australian Government to ensure these detainees are treated fairly before the law."
Concern among the Australian legal fraternity is growing over the Government's refusal to lobby the US over treatment of the men.
The president of Australian Lawyers for Human Rights, Simon Rice, said the group was considering complaining to the Human Rights Commission that Australia had breached its obligations under the International Covenant of Civil and Political Rights, which asserts a person's right to be detained only if they are charged and brought promptly before a court.

@_date: 1999-05-09 11:34:13
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Thank you,thank you,it was nothing. 
MPs see video of rat's stem-cell cure
By Mark Metherell
August 20 2002
The laptop video Stephen Alderton took to Parliament yesterday showed a white rat freed from paralysis by embryonic stem-cell treatment.
It is first seen crawling, dragging its crippled rear legs. Then, between 12 and 24 weeks after embryonic stem cell therapy started, the rat begins walking, its back legs limping, but operating.
Mr Alderton and his wife, Alison, displayed the video in Canberra in the hope it might lead to similar treatment for their son Luke, aged 2. Luke was paralysed from the neck down two years ago by a rare spinal disease called transverse myelitis.
The Nowra couple yesterday appeared with the Premier, Bob Carr, the Federal Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, and a group of scientists and patients who came to persuade wavering MPs to vote for the embryonic stem-cell provisions.
Debate on the controversial legislation, the Research Involving Embryos and Prohibition of Human Cloning Bill, is expected to start tonight.
On the other side of the debate yesterday were two scientists who have come from the United States to campaign against embryo research. One is William Hurlbut, a consulting professor at Stanford University and a member of President George Bush's council on bioethics.
The other, David Prentice, a professor of life sciences at Indiana State University, said evidence backing embryonic stem-cell research was overshadowed by results from less contentious adult stem-cell work.
Professor Prentice says beyond the "profound" ethical problems with embryo research, the evidence in favour of alternatives such as adult cells was "compelling". He argues that while embryonic stem-cell research had the "nasty habit of forming tumours", adult cells had been shown to be effective in treating various "animal models of human disease".
These, he said, included diabetes, stroke, Parkinson's disease, spinal cord injury, heart disease and retinal degeneration.
Australia's leading embryonic stem cell scientist, Alan Trounson, rejects Professor Prentice's claims, arguing the reports of tumours came from isolated and questionable results. Research results from adult stem cells so far had been mixed or not very encouraging, Professor Trounson said
The video came from scientists at Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, who told the Aldertons there may be hope for Luke within five years from the research. "I'm the first to say its not perfect [research]," said Mr Alderton.
"It's a rat and it's not walking perfectly. But it's research you have to

@_date: 1999-05-09 11:40:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "a northern Californian craziness"  
A hard-boiled detective who hates the big sleep
August 20 2002
Fighting the system ... Rachel Sommerville. Photo: Bryan Charlton
Penelope Debelle meets an Australian-born investigator who specialises in saving American murderers from execution.
After saving a black American murderer from death row, Australian legal investigator Rachel Sommerville received a thank-you note, much in the nature of a courtesy note after a pleasant dinner. "Thank you for saving my life," the young man wrote.
Its simple message helped validate the path she has taken. Motivated by a deep hatred of, and opposition to, the entrenched role of capital punishment in American law, she works as a criminal defence investigator in San Francisco, saving killers when she can. Australia and Britain gave up executing their worst criminals decades ago, but there are 600 Americans on death row in California alone.
Sommerville, who went to the US for six months, married a local and now lives and works in California, does not believe the laws are about to change. A recent amendment excusing the mentally retarded from the death penalty had given hope to some abolitionists but Sommerville says it means the reverse: America is dealing with some of the grosser aspects of its capital punishment laws just because they will remain in place. "Politicians in America have to say they believe in the death penalty or they are scared they will be seen as not tough on crime," she says.
In the Californian judiciary, which still executes about three people a year, the final decision on execution is made not by a judge but a jury. Sommerville, an Adelaide University graduate with a masters degree in psycho-social studies, is one of a growing number of women whose job is to collect material that will convince the jury that a person may be guilty of a dreadful crime but they should not be put to death. They work as private investigators, piecing together scraps of broken lives into a story that might persuade a jury to sentence the accused to life in jail, not death.
This can call for courtroom tactics that exploit the emotions of jurors to convince them that what they have before them is not an animal but a man.
"We do everything to give them their humanity back," Sommerville says. "That can be as much as showing a photograph of our client holding his baby brother in his arms, constantly showing he is a human being."
The concept of innate evil embodied in the fictional killer Hannibal Lecter has done the anti-capital punishment cause enormous harm. The popularisation through Hollywood of the idea of a killer as pure, calculating evil emphasised the distance in most jurors' minds between the murderer and his humanity.
"Hannibal Lecter is a very strong image in some jurors' minds," Sommerville says. "They think these guys are smart, they think they know how to beat the system, that they are highly dangerous. They are slightly shocked to see even a smile from them - they don't see a human being in front of them." To mount an argument that will explain in human terms why a person committed murder, Sommerville delves into their lives, confronting family members, neighbours, former friends or teachers who may know something that helps to explain what they have become.
It also means driving to unfamiliar parts of California and entering neighbourhoods where white women are not always welcome. She never rings first - it is too easy for people to hang up - preferring to turn up on "You have about 30 seconds," she says. "And you have to talk really quickly so they don't close the door on you and you don't scare them. You have to make it sound like they are doing the most natural thing in the world to tell you secrets."
The Australian accent helps because it throws them off guard and disarms them. "Where are you from?" they ask. She tells them she is trying to help someone they might remember who is facing a serious charge. "Most people want to help," she says.
Sommerville believes murderers are moulded by life's experiences, particularly in their relationships with others. She can almost pinpoint the moment when life failed them and the killer started to take shape. One young man faced such a moment when he went to live with a foster mother who liked him and offered a role model and a value system he could follow. But her son turned on him and the relationship broke down.
She interviews killer clients in shackles in unpleasant prison environments and, with the exception of Donald - the man who wrote to her and who has turned his life around in jail - will never see any of them again.
Every so often she returns to Australia - this time to holiday in Byron Bay - so the poison can seep from her system and she can unwind. America is not necessarily a more violent culture but she is wary of what she calls "a northern Californian craziness" that puts everyone on edge to make sure they are being heard. She was with a friend in Adelaide last week who beat another driver to a parking space and laughed over it. "I would not have done that in the United States. I would have let the other person get it because I don't trust their reaction," she says. "A lot of people carry guns. I am always asked where my gun is because I am an investigator."
The easy access to guns explains many deaths, she says, particularly among youths where gang-related killings are daily ruining lives.
"The joke now is that these guys don't know how to fist-fight," Sommerville says. "They are so used to pulling out their guns they don't know how to survive in youth prison."

@_date: 1999-05-09 21:42:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Nitskche;beyond good and evil. 
Euthanasia advocate takes legal action against Qld police
Euthanasia advocate Doctor Phillip Nitschke is trying to force Queensland Police to destroy medical records and correspondence seized after the suicide of Gold Coast woman Nancy Crick.
Dr Nitschke says he is taking legal action in the Northern Territory although he hopes to have the proceedings transferred to the Supreme Court in Queensland.
Dr Nitschke says police seized a large amount of material, including documents relating to the group Exit Australia, outside the terms of their "They've got something like 99.9 per cent we estimate of the 50 megabytes or gigabytes of material that they've taken in the form of letters from our offices in Adelaide and in Darwin and of course John Edge's place too in the Gold Coast - Exit material we want that destroyed," he said.
Dr Nitschke claims the police involved in the seizure of the material overstepped the terms of their warrant.
"We want a demonstrated ability that we can guarantee, a demonstrated guarantee that the material that was taken that is not compliant with the conditions of the warrant has in fact been destroyed," he said.
"They gave us copies of the electronic material back but interestingly they've kept all the written material, they've kept all the written material, they've kept all the other films and all the tapes, they've kept Stem cell debate hots up
The first night of debate on embryonic stem cell research has raised emotions in the federal parliament.
Deputy Prime Minister John Anderson says those who have reservations are being unfairly accused of lacking compassion.(not to mention logic,utilitarianism and rational thought,triage,etc etc.)
Liberal backbencher Christopher Pyne says embryonic stem cell research is a perversity of the IVF program.
"If it is not a human being what on earth is it," he said.
But member for Sydney Tanya Plibersek says she rejects Mr Pyne's view there is no difference between an embryo that is five days or six months old.
"The difference is in later pregnancy losing a baby compared with in early pregnancy at five days not becoming pregnant and to argue that the difference is negligible I think misses the point entirely," she said.
Some federal MPs are advancing their calls to split the Government's stem cell bill.
But seven of the nine speakers last night say they support the legislation.
Shadow Health Minister Stephen Smith says those who approve of invitro fertilization should have no problem with the bill.
"It's a necessary consequence of that decision that there will be spare or excess embryos," he said.
Proponents of embryonic stem cell research are worried if the contentious provisions are separated, their case will be weakened.
Liberal MP Bruce Bilson supports the legislation but says all views should be respected.
"If not I, someone with my active support will be moving a splitting of the bill," he said.
Opponent Christopher Pyne says the legislation relies on a list of unproven possibilities for science.
He and Deputy Prime Minister John Anderson have hit back at those who say they're failing to alleviate human suffering.
"I have faced some awful truly awful ethical decisions myself about the level of medical intervention that we ought to persist with or not to persist with," he said.
The Federal Opposition leader Simon Crean says a Labor conscience vote will still apply if the bill is separated.
The Industry Minister Ian MacFarlane has warned the Government's stem cell bill is in danger of falling over.
He has accused the biotechnology industries of creating unnecessary division on the issue.
The Minister told an industry dinner in Melbourne last night, some are already trying to move the goalposts by floating ideas such as therapeutic He says the divisions are jeopardising the entire gameplan. END.
Euthanising certain liberal party nincompoops seems called for.

@_date: 1999-05-09 23:19:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Euro retention and Nidal stick injuries. 
Draft Framework Decision on the retention of traffic data and on access to this data in connection with criminal investigations and prosecutions
Text of a leaked confidential draft 'framework decision' from Brussels (with impetus from Washington, naturally) that would compel telcos and ISPs to retain traffic data on personal communications for at least a year - the information would be held centrally and made available to all EU governments with few apparent safeguards against misuse ( Statewatch )
See also this analysis, this press release with links to additional background documents, this Guardian coverage, and this Slashdot discussion
Gun for hire who has already died at least twice
Commentary on the death in Baghdad of the notorious extremist and criminal Abu Nidal
( Robert Fisk via Independent )
See also this Guardian obituary

@_date: 1999-05-09 23:31:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: While RSA's woes mount...  
Execs plan junkets.
In case you missed it RSA lost aprox 20 mill for the past FY on gross numbers.
Also Prime crack strikes fear into hearts of cryptographers.Prime number puzzle finally solved p9
If you haven't already DUMP RSA STOCK!

@_date: 1999-05-09 23:47:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: John Malcolm needs killing. 
Stop thief! hand back that PROMIS software.pr.PROMIS # 0417.
John Malcolm, a deputy assistant attorney general, said Americans should realize that swapping illicit copies of music and movies is a criminal offense that can result in lengthy prison terms.
"A lot of people think these activities are legal, and they think they ought to be legal," Malcolm told an audience at the Progress and Freedom Foundation's annual technology and politics summit.
Malcolm said the Internet has become "the world's largest copy machine" and that criminal prosecutions of copyright offenders are now necessary to preserve the viability of America's content industries. "There does have to be some kind of a public message that stealing is stealing is stealing," said Malcolm, who oversees the arm of the Justice Department that prosecutes copyright and computer crime cases.
In an interview, Malcolm would not say when prosecutions would begin. The response to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks temporarily diverted the department's resources and prevented its attorneys from focusing on this earlier, he said.
A few weeks ago, some of the most senior members of Congress pressured the Justice Department to invoke a little-known law, the No Electronic Theft (NET) Act, against peer-to-peer users who swap files without permission.
Under the NET Act, signed by President Clinton in 1997, it is a federal crime to share copies of copyrighted products such as software, movies or music with anyone, even friends or family members, if the value of the work exceeds $1,000. Violations are punishable by one year in prison, or if the value tops $2,500, "not more than five years" in prison.
Cary Sherman, president of the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), said his industry would "welcome" prosecutions that send a message to song-swappers.
"Some prosecutions that make that clear could be very helpful...I think they would think twice if they thought there was a risk of criminal prosecution," said Sherman, who was on the same conference panel.
Christopher Cookson, executive vice president of Warner Bros. and another panelist, said there was "a need for governments to step in and maintain order in society."
Swapping files in violation of the law has always been a civil offense, and the RIAA and the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) have the option of suing individual infringers and seeking damages.
But, Malcolm said, criminal prosecutions can be much more effective in intimidating file-swappers who have little assets at risk in a civil suit. "Civil remedies are not adequate...Law enforcement in that regard does have several advantages," Malcolm said. "We have the advantage, when appropriate, of opening up and conducting multi-jurisdictional and international investigations.
"Most parents would be horrified if they walked into a child's room and found 100 stolen CDs...However, these same parents think nothing of having their children spend time online downloading hundreds of songs without paying a dime."
Gary Shapiro, president of the Consumer Electronics Association, said he was skeptical about the view that peer-to-peer piracy should be a criminal offense. "If we have 70 million people in the United States who are breaking the law, we have a big issue."
The DOJ already has used the NET Act to imprison noncommercial software pirates, which software lobbyists hailed as "an important component of the overall effort to prevent software theft."
During his confirmation hearing in June 2001, Attorney General John Ashcroft told Congress that "given the fact that much of America's strength in the world economy is a result of our being the developer and promoter of most of the valuable software, we cannot allow the assets that are held electronically to be pirated or infringed. And so we will make a priority of cybercrime issues."
The letter from Congress complains of "a staggering increase in the amount of intellectual property pirated over the Internet through peer-to-peer systems." Signed by 19 members of Congress, including Sen. Joseph Biden, D-Del., Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., and Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Ca., the letter urged Ashcroft "to prosecute individuals who intentionally allow mass copying from their computer over peer-to-peer networks." END
Having one of the biggest Gulags in the world isn't enough already?

@_date: 1999-05-10 04:49:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Prep for Hardcore trial. 
Max Trial Now Set for September 18; Conversations With Attorney Jeffrey Douglas
Because the sales records for four of Extreme's Extreme Teen tapes had been subpoenaed, I thought I'd give attorney Jeffrey Douglas a call and find out what the fuck that was all about. My first question to Douglas was not about the unwitting Extreme tie-in to Max's obscenity trial but a rumor that I heard on the street about the Free Speech Coalition's allegedly not filing the paperwork to get a legal rebate of sorts in their lawsuit Free Speech Coalition v. Ashcroft, a case which the organization won.
Gene: Jeffrey I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things like the fact that the Free Speech Coalition missed the boat on collecting reimbursement of legal fees it was entitled to.
Douglas: We have an attorneys' fees request back in the trial court. So that's flat out incorrect. We're currently asking for reimbursement.
Gene: I heard a wild figure of $270,000 being thrown out there.
Douglas: That's probably the right magnitude. Which is of course a tiny fraction of what one would normally expect to pay for litigation that we undertook. Lou Sirkin A) doesn't charge as much as attorneys on either coast would charge; B) He stepped very lightly on our bill. As free advertising for Lou, check around with the other prominent firms that handle Supreme Court cases and ask them what an estimate would be that begins with the filing of a lawsuit and going up through the court of appeals up to the Supreme Court. I think you'd find it to be about three times that.
Gene: This is a standard thing that if you win a case you can get reimbursed.
Douglas: No. If you sue a state for a violation of state law in contrast to federal law, and you're saying the enforcement of the law violates civil rights, under a federal provision you're entitled to get reasonable attorneys' fees. If the exact same situation arises under federal law, which is what it did here, you're not automatically entitled to get attorney's fees. You're entitled to get up to $125 an hour which is even less than what Lou Sirkin charges. If the government's position was essentially totally unreasonable- and we have a very difficult road to hoe on that- because the trial court is going to be saying that the government's position was totally 100% reasonable. He ruled for the government. The Ninth Circuit ruled for us but there was a strong dissent. What helps us the most is that the Supreme Court ruled 7-2 in our favor. There the government's position was clearly to create new laws. They never said that this was supported by existing law. They acknowledged that they were trying to create new ground here. We have a chance at the trial court will rule to some extent in our favor and the pleadings on the part of the government in response to our request for attorney's fees, they focused at least as much on individual entries. They said you shouldn't have had two lawyers argue before the Supreme Court. Things like that. They were doing a lot of nitpicking. They certainly addressed the big issue that they felt their position was reasonable and therefore we weren't entitled to attorneys' fees.
Gene: Regarding the Extreme titles.
Douglas: I was subpoenaing the titles; I was subpoenaing the sales records. What I'm looking for is the California sales of those titles. All I just want to say is so many copies sold for Extreme 19; Extreme 20...in California alone.
Gene: Where does the case stand.
Douglas: We're starting the trial a month from yesterday; or sometime in Mid September. We're very optimistic.
Gene: There was a little controversy over an illness in Max's family.
Douglas: I don't know if it was controversial.
Gene: They were busting his balls about it.
Douglas: Yeah. The city attorney made some unprofessional, inappropriate comments. In essence she was saying to the judge that the judge should presume that it was fraudulent. The basis for her saying that are things that are so bizarre. She said, for instance, that Max had a sister. You keep waiting for a conclusion to be drawn, what are you going to say? Therefore, since I don't know about it, chances are he really doesn't have a sister. It was the kind of thing that in a different court I would probably have ended up in jail. I got really upset.
Gene: Sounds like you got the makings of a case to be tried by the law firm of Barnum and Bailey.
Douglas: They're currently representing the city of Los Angeles. Before that appears in your column what I mean by that is solely this. There is something inherently absurd and circus-like about prosecuting a movie that has no offensive sex act simply because the prosecutor's office doesn't like the idea that a person would fantasize that their adult sex partner is underage. And while I don't think the movie does that, that's certainly the prosecution's theory that out there right now there are people having sex and one or both of them are pretending in their mind that their 20 year-old partner is actually 17; or 14 for that matter. On the basis of that, they're prosecuting the movie? That is ludicrous. The prosecutor herself is perfectly professional. She was just having a bad day. And I'm not surprised by that. Because it's incredibly frustrating to be all dressed up and ready to go to trial and have the trial continued. So I understand her frustrations in that way. I kind of felt the same way. You get all geeked up and geared up and you've got everyone and everything lined up- your witnesses and your documents, and, oops, it has to be put over. It's very difficult to get things all tidy and neat and ready to roll again. And her frustration came out in that hearing.
Gene: In a trial like this would it be common to bring in other adult titles and try to make comparisons?
Douglas: Yeah. There are several ways of going about doing it. Comparables showing that materials of a similar nature to that which is being charged are available in the community can be done for two things. One to simply argue therefore it's not obscene. That is a weaker argument than arguing the availability of this material is evidence to you the jury of what is within the acceptable community standard. If a movie that's comparable to one being charged is widely sold, that's evidence that the community finds it acceptable. But the hang up is that the more widely accepted a movie is, the more examples of similar films there are. Let's take a silly example- let's say the prosecution wanted to prosecute to softest X rated movie ever made which has one sex scene in it that's pure vanilla sex. How do you go about showing that this is perfectly acceptable? You want to bring in 5,000 movies, right? Well, the judge is not going to allow a trial of a movie that lasts an hour and a half to then show 60 hours worth of movies. But you want to. You want to show that this is not just accepted, it's universal. So for instance the theme of the young-appearing character virtually every manufacturer has at least one line that emphasizes that- Barely Legal being the highest profile one. The trick is to persuade the judge I can show the jury, visually, that this material is everywhere.
In a typical case the controversy would be over a sex act. Let's say a fisting scene. So you would want to show 30 movies that had fisting scenes in them. In an ideal situation, each clip would be the fisting scene. Here it's NOT the sex. It's the idea. So I'm going to show a large number of movies that emphasize the apparent immaturity of the character but I'm mostly going to be putting forward the story setup. I have to show some sex to show that it's comparable sex and not just talking about it or that it's not an R-rated version where all you see is someone that's huffing and puffing- but that there is actual penetration.
The key is the setup. So it's going to be uncharacteristic in that regard. Of course everything is uncharacteristic about this trial. This is the first obscenity case that's going to a jury trial in maybe fifteen years in LA.
Gene: I haven't seen the movie but I keep hearing these urban legends about it. The one I most often hear is that in this particular movie, there was a reference the girl makes that she's 12 years old.
Douglas: That line of course should have ended up on the editing floor but didn't. It occurs as Max is being his character at the east coast show, and this woman is one of his roving reporters. She is a very adult-type looking character. There is nothing about her appearance, character, demeanor, anything that suggests not just that she's under age but even that she's young. She's a contemporary of Max. She talks about her sex life and supposedly that people she's been interviewing on the boardwalk, she's been having sex with. Eventually the two of them get around to having sex. In the course of that sex act she says fuck my 12 year-old ass; or I think it's 14 year-old ass. I don't recall. Then they go into the normal stuff about characterizing her as a slut, this, that and the other thing. But, essentially, again, they're saying [the DA's office] that a person who's having sex can't fantasize that they themselves are under age. So the other characteristic that they find so offensive and indicative of it being appealing to pedophiles is that one of the characters is carrying.... a backpack. Duhhhh.
Gene: For the record who's the girl?
Douglas: I don't remember her name. Another thing that they object to is that the seduction occurs in a park.
Gene: In a park.
Douglas: In a park. Part of the theory is that only children go to parks, I Gene: I think you need Al Pacino coming in at this point and telling everyone they're out of orduh.
Douglas: And then that same character in the park is reading a Playboy magazine or something that looks like Playboy. That again is somehow or another indicial that she's under age. And another one has pigtails. As movies within the genre of youth emphasis, this isn't a particularly extreme example; an egregious example. In terms of the sex depictions in the movies, on the scale of one to offensive, this is about a 4.
Gene: I take it by looking at Extreme's California sales records there's an indication to show that there are a lot of people who watch this stuff in the community standards area.
Douglas: Right. This is evidence of the community standard. It's indirect evidence but it's very valuable evidence nonetheless.
Gene: Are you bringing any comparables in?
Douglas: That's what the subpoena is for. I'm trying- the judge has yet to rule on it- but what I'll be doing is showing a wide range of movies that have a youth theme to them that are good selling movies in California including Barely Legal. Now the distinction between Barely Legal and the other films is that the characters in Barely Legal say [there's a voiceover], 'six minutes after I turned 18...' The rest of the genre they just don't say that. If the prosecutor concedes that the only distinction between all those movies that are out there and this one, is that at one point one character says that she's 14 or 12, I'll be thrilled. Because no jury's going to say a person can't fantasize. And there's also that great language on Free Speech Coalition versus Ashcroft that talks about the importance of exploring the theme of teenage sexuality through the ages. It's not that it is an inherently a taboo topic. The politics of the prosecution is quite interesting because they had three cases pending- this one, JM and Seymore Butts. They completely folded on the two prosecutions offering just a magnificent deal which is a corporate plea to a public nuisance and NO restriction on the distribution of the movies. Which is in essence a city attorney's stamp of approval. Because if they don't say as a term of corporate probation, don't distribute this movie, they're saying we have no problem with you distributing this movie, right? If you're on probation for anything having to do with an outburst of lack of control, one of the terms of probation is don't drink. They have enormous latitude. If they don't restrict the distribution of the movie, they're saying we have no problem with the distribution of the movie. One of the comparables I'm going to be attempting to get in is American Bukkake 11. The city attorney's office has announced it is not obscene. That's evidence of the community standard as far as I'm concerned. Judges normally do not like to have this happen but I'm going to try with a nice cross section of youth-oriented films. I'm hoping that the Extreme titles that I subpoenaed the sales records of or tried to subpoena will help back that up.
Gene: Are you going to be showing other movies.
Douglas: The judge has ruled I can. In the abstract he's going to review my editing and say whether it's acceptable or not. But I'm going to be having excerpts from a dozen different movies.

@_date: 1999-05-10 04:55:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Assassination politician terminal? 
Barr is Either In or Out After Today
Rep. Bob Barr faces his toughest political battle today in a primary election. Barr's facing another Republican incumbent every bit as conservative as he is. His opponent, Rep. John Linder. The two men are facing each other for their party's nomination in a new congressional district, drawn by Georgia's Democratic Legislature. The winner of today's primary is virtually assured of election in the fall. The loser will depart Congress at a time when his party, with only a six-vote House majority, is desperate to keep every seat. Barr has drawn ridicule for a $30 million lawsuit he filed against Bill Clinton, Democratic consultant James Carville and Hustler publisher Larry Flynt. The suit charged that they invaded his privacy, and it sought damages for emotional distress during Clinton's impeachment fight in which Barr was one of 13 House members who presented a case against Clinton. Linder says that ''adds to the chuckle factor'' of the race. A bigger chuckle though might be the fact that one of Barr's biggest supporters is Alzheimer's Poster Boy Charlton Heston, the actor and president of the National Rifle Association. Barr, a gun rights champion, was embarrassed when an antique pistol he was being shown at a fundraising event accidentally fired. No one was injured.On his behalf,I pr,should add
Barr has gone on record as moving to revoke the order prohibiting He would make a pretty good APster candidate.

@_date: 1999-05-10 07:16:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrubs political and psychological defeat. 
Well barr's barred...there may be a god...Washington Retreating on Iraq Aug 19
The Bush administration has begun to back down from plans for a near-term attack on Iraq. The controversial plan was shredding the coalition against al Qaeda, which Washington needs in battling the group. But the Bush administration's retreat from Iraq, although necessary, forces it to manage a political and psychological defeat.
RR,don't go there,girlfriend.
crypto revisionism
Since 1974 much has been written about the cryptographic success achieved at Bletchley Park, and dozens of participants and historians have given their version of what was accomplished. Bennett includes separate short entries for GCCS, GCHQ, Enigma, Bletchley Park and ULTRA, longer ones for Alan Turing, Sir Edward Travis, Alistair [sic] Denniston, and a four page summary under 'United Kingdom'. Evidently the author rightly considers Britain's cryptographic effort to be of some significance, yet his very confused account seriously misdefines some common terms, and consistently refers to the Enigma machine in capitals, as though Enigma is itself a Much the same can be said for Bennett's treatment of VENONA, which is seriously flawed. Suffice to say that his assertion that the Army Security Agency began work on the Soviet intercepts in 1943 is somewhat wide of the mark

@_date: 1999-05-10 08:10:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrub wargaming at crawford. 
let it load,let it load,let it load.
uninalienable rights.HAHAHA!
Unintelligible maybe.hirstory can be fun,check this out..."My trip to Asia begins here in Japan for an important reason. (Applause.) It begins here because for a century and a half now, America and Japan have formed one of the great and enduring alliances of modern times."
"All in all, it's been a fabulous year for Laura and me."
STOP! Your killing me.

@_date: 1999-05-11 03:04:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Herd shot around the world. 
The Detrimental Impact of Industrial Animal Agriculture (PDF)
Report on the replacement of small-scale family farms by industrial animal farming in the developing world, and the manner in which this trend is increasing poverty and promoting the spread of disease ( CIWF )
See also this Guardian coverage
"Would you like lies with that?"

@_date: 1999-05-11 03:55:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Git along little dawggie.FREE BEER FOR LIFE !!! 
“I’m Stranger Here, Myself” — Part VI of The True Story Of The InterNet
Chapter 02C8: !!! FREE BEER FOR LIFE !!!
As an added incentive for those who have been expectantly awaiting the release of Part VI of The True Story Of The InterNet manuscripts, and as an initial incentive for those who have no interest at all in it and resent this kind of garbage just showing up in their email unexpectedly, the Cult Of One  is once again entering each and every Reader&OR&Deleter in the TTSotIN ‘Free Beer For Life’ Contest Drawing.
The beer is a 12 o.z. bottle of Samuel Adams, and the winner can keep it for life.
There has been considerable resentment raised over the remarkable coincidence of my having won ‘Free Beer For Life’ Contests I thru V, and some suggestions that I should disqualify myself from future contests, so I have decided not to enter myself in the contest this time.
There will once again be a Quiz regarding the manuscripts, to make certain that the winner has read them. However, a perfect score will disqualify an individual for cheating. An excellent score will disqualify an individual because nobody likes a wise-guy, eh? An average score will disqualify an individual for being an AOL subscriber. A lousy score will disqualify an individual for obviously having been loaded while reading the manuscripts, thus they hardly need one lousy beer.
In the event of all others being disqualified, I become the winner by default.
In event of a tie, U.$. Treasury Agent Jeff Gordon will arrest one of the Good Luck

@_date: 1999-05-11 04:45:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Roquefort files. 
Investigators want more access to private information
August 21 2002
Private investigators believe they can do many of the same jobs as police just as well and more cheaply, a new study has shown.
The Australian Institute of Criminology report said investigators, who in NSW outnumber police by some 2,000, believed they should gain greater access to confidential government information to allow them to track down witnesses and debtors.
The profile of the private investigation business, prepared by criminologist Dr Tim Prenzler and investigator Michael King, said investigators believed they could provide greater justice to crime victims if they were allowed greater access to government databases.
The study said there were some 25,000 private investigators across the country, compared with 44,922 police. In NSW there are 13,614 police and 15,800 investigators.
Forty investigators were interviewed for the study and all strongly favoured doing more work in the public sector justice system.
"Many argued that they could do a range of tasks, such as searching for missing persons, conducting surveillance, executing search warrants, attending burglary scenes or investigating traffic accidents, just as well and more cheaply than police," the study said.
Dr Prenzler and Mr King noted that the industry had changed dramatically over the last few decades, moving away from divorce work to concentrate on That was facilitated by a new willingness of the insurance to fight dodgy claims and widespread use of video cameras.
But the 1992 inquiry by the NSW Independent Commission Against Corruption uncovered a thriving trade in illicit information.
Private investigators acting for banks, insurers and finance companies paid substantial sums to public servants for unauthorised access to information from confidential computer databases.
That prompted toughening of procedures for accessing such information and penalties for improper disclosure.
But one third of the study respondents indicated non-compliance remained They called for formalised access. Dr Prenzler and Mr King said that was worth considering in both the interests of justice and to reduce demand for illicit information.
"One possible argument is that at present the law is weighted in favour of people avoiding legitimate legal process," they said.
The investigators conceded they had an image problem, even though the industry had lifted its game enormously over the last 20 years.
"I think public perception is that 80 per cent of us are dodgy but in reality it's probably less than 0.5 per cent," one said.

@_date: 1999-05-11 04:55:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: DG on ruprechkt 
Murdoch's Grand Wishes for Net Control
CNet: Media chief decries Net's moral fiber. The president of media giant News Corp. warns that the Internet has become a "moral-free zone," with the medium's future threatened by pornography, spam and rampant piracy.
The word "hypocrite" is grossly insufficient to describe Peter Chernin and his corporate master, Rupert Murdoch, but it'll have to do for now.
News Corp. has done more to bring down the level of journalism and entertainment than perhaps any other organization on the planet. These are the people responsible for much of the tabloidization of the press. These are the owners of the putrid Fox TV network.
News Corp. is a member in good standing of the entertainment and information cartel that is trying to capture absolute control of all digital information. It is attacking the users -- the customers -- of technology and entertainment, in a profound and damaging way.
If you believe the garbage you see on the Fox network, and in Rupert Murdoch's right-wing tabloids (which play up sex when it sells; note the bare-breasted women in its British newspapers), then you'll believe anything. If you have an ounce of independence of thought, you will find remarks like Chernin's some of the most dangerous rhetoric yet.
( Posted by Dan Gillmor, 08/21/2002 01:36 PM PDT

@_date: 1999-05-11 05:04:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: I want my ZIA 
The technique, developed by Mark D. Corner and Brian D. Noble of the University of Michigan College of Engineering, is dubbed Zero-Interaction Authentication, or ZIA. It requires two pieces of hardware: the laptop and a so-called authentication token that communicates with the computer via a wireless link. As long as the token, which can be built into a wearable accessory such as a watch, is within range of the computer, the computer's systems function normally. But once the computer is separated from the token, its files automatically become encrypted. "When a user walks away from his laptop to get a cup of coffee, it will sense that he is leaving and begin securing the computer,"

@_date: 1999-05-11 05:55:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: NETWORK. 
New Times Reporter Filed Over Bullshit Story
Los Angeles New Times L.A. freelance writer Antoine Oman has been fired for fabricating a story about teenage rape victims Tamara Brooks and Jackie Marris. Oman, who had a short history with the alternative weekly, was escorted from New Times' offices on Friday afternoon and made no comment.
His story, published in last week's issue, claimed that the NBC television network was about to announce that Brooks and Marris had been signed to host a new prime-time reality show produced by an amoral lowlife named Billy Slattery. The program, supposedly slated as a midseason replacement, was to be called Survive This!. According to Oman's story, the show would have pitted teenage contestants against recently paroled predatory sex offenders, all of whom would be released in a remote and wild locale. NBC, however, said that no such show is planned, and that Slattery does not exist.
Neither, it turns out, do the other so-called "experts" whom Oman quoted in his story.
"This is a dark day for New Times, and it puts a black eye on all of Los Angeles journalism," lamented NT editor Rick Barrs, who has helmed the feisty publication since its 1996 inception. "I can only extend my deepest apologies to the Peacock network, which I should have known would never stoop so low for ratings."
For the rest read

@_date: 1999-05-11 05:59:26
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: WEADS 
Vegas Dancers to March September 1
The issue's so important, former dancer Treasure Brown has decided to postpone her wedding because of it. The issue being that of lap dancing and the fact that as of Sept. 1, ordinances go into effect in Clark County, Nevada prohibiting it. Clark County is better known as Las Vegas. Here's what happened a couple of weeks ago and which prompted Brown, who likes to refer to herself as an "undercover lobbyist" to form an alliance known as WEADS, Women and Entertainers Anti-Defamation Society.
 From the Gene Files: Vegas Imposes Lap Dance Rules
Bugsy Siegel would be turning over in his grave to know what a pussy ass town Las Vegas has become. Clark County commissioners want to impose rules on lap dancing. Speakers in opposition to the measure said strip clubs are not the dens of prostitution described by police, and they reminded commissioners that this is Sin City, after all, not Disneyland. Other opponents of the ordinance said lap dancing puts food on their table and restricting it would jeopardize their livelihood.
"How will I eat? How will I support my children?" stripper Brianna Wildman asked through tears. But in the end, commissioners voted 5-1 to adopt lap dance rules. Though they were far less stringent than those introduced two weeks ago. That proposal would have prohibited a dancer's groin from ever touching a customer's body. The rules commissioners passed yesterday allow dancers to grind against a customer's leg, but bar more intimate contact.
"The industry has worked with me not in creating a deal, but a compromise," said Commissioner Yvonne Atkinson Gates, who proposed the ordinance.
A cluster of strip club attorneys had come to the commission meeting prepared to argue that the proposed ordinance would put their clients out of business. They changed their minds after reading the new draft.
"When they started out saying you've got to be 6 feet from the customer, and you end up with the girl being able to grind against his leg, you've come a long way," said attorney Peter Christiansen, who represents Jaguars, the $15 million strip club that recently opened on West Desert Inn Road.
Christiansen and several other strip club attorneys said the ordinance will force only minor changes in their clients' day-to-day operations. "We can live with it," said John Moran Jr., who represents The Library Gentlemen's Club on Boulder Highway and Strip Tease on Valley View Boulevard.
Several attorneys said the only provision with a substantial impact is the prohibition against anyone under 21 working at a strip club that serves alcohol. Currently, the minimum age is 18. Dancers who are 18 to 20 years old now have three choices: change their profession, work at one of the all-nude juice bars or get a job at an alcohol-serving topless club in the city of Las Vegas.
"The only real effect of what they've done is forced the youngest dancers to go totally nude to make a living," said one strip club attorney who spoke on condition of anonymity. Several commissioners said this was not their intent. But Atkinson Gates said she was not sympathetic to the dancers' plight. "They can get another job. They can do something else for a living," she said. "I don't buy that argument."
Atkinson Gates said she introduced the legislation because she believed some of the acts commonly performed in strip clubs "are downright wrong, downright prostitution."
"You're confusing sex with titillation," Dr. Jeff Arenswald told Atkinson Gates. "You have some repressed sexual ideas."
The comment prompted Gates to grab a gavel and yell, "I said shut up!" across the commission's chambers. She later apologized for the outburst. Commissioner Erin Kenny did not attend the meeting, at which Chairman Dario Herrera cast the sole vote in opposition to the new rules. Herrera said restricting what is allowed in county strip clubs could give a competitive advantage to strip clubs located inside the Las Vegas city limits, where the county rules would not apply.
Lap dances previously were illegal in unincorporated Clark County, though the prohibition was not enforced because a district judge struck down the rules as too vague. Police officers testifying in support of the ordinance said enforcement would be aided by specifying what is and what is not permissible. They predicted this will quell secondary problems with drugs and prostitution in the clubs."
Gene sez: Long before the ordinance was even to go into effect, cops started rousting clubs in the city, particularly the Olympic Garden Club
More from the Gene Files: What you'd normally think is a joke, ain't. Las Vegas which came up with a cockamamie lap dancing ordinance a couple of weeks ago is cracking down on it. Six strippers from Olympic Garden Club learned that this week when they got fired for dancing too close to customers. Undercover police sent a notice of noncompliance to the club, when officers observed contact between the dancers and customers. The club's owner says he immediately fired all six dancers. Strippers say they'll protest the regs, when they take effect Sept. 1.
Gene sez we spoke to Brown Wednesday afternoon to get an update about a proposed march on the Las Vegas Commissioners' building.
Gene: They've already started hassling dancers.
Brown: Every little jurisdiction has its foibles. Ours is that the city of Las Vegas is different than Clark County. Actually when you're in Las Vegas, you're in Clark County. Las Vegas the city is really small. Clark County's laws are using some hate speech in their description of dancers. I want to start seeing these studies on secondary effects of dancing ended. You couldn't say these things about any other group. I'd like to see you try to say that gay men spread AIDS. Or make comments about any minority group's lifestyle. Quite frankly dancing is a lifestyle as well. Our organization's idea is that you have to have reasons for passing a law. The reasons would be to promote public health- to stop drug abuse, to limit prostitution. How dare they classify a group. How dare they do it. I think dancers are the last whipping boy and we're mad as hell and are not going to take it any more.
Gene: What's the game plan with the organization.
Brown: The march and rally? We're going to march to the county commission building. We're going to exercise the second half of the first amendment- the right to peaceful assembly to air grievances with the government. We're going to have an old fashioned Civil Rights march. Quite frankly our civil rights have been violated. We're going to have this march Sept. 1 when this ordinance goes into effect.
Gene: Shit's already started at the Olympic Garden.
Brown: This is all the doing of one particular vice cop and I can't remember his name off the top of my head. He never states his name and works in an undercover capacity. He's all super sleuth. But this is is whole bailiwick. Metro is a consolidated unit- they serve the city of Las Vegas as well as Clark County. But they're two separate jurisdictions with different judges what not, and different courts. God bless mayor Goodman who defended the dancers and said they're a beautiful part of Las Vegas. Nevertheless, vice cops went into city clubs and began wilding for lack of a better term. They started to arrest any and every girl in the city. Olympic Garden is very much in the city. They're rousting them everywhere and arrested a lot of city girls but club owners like to keep a lower profile. Peter of Olympic Garden is a really good guy, a beautiful human being. He really likes his dancers. They're more than just little money makers. Then they stopped with the arrests. They took a hiatus because they're getting a lot of bad press and it's a beautiful thing.
Gene: Sept. 1 it heats up again.
Brown: I don't know. There's been a lot of pressure. We've been acting in cooperation with the Las Vegas Dancers Alliance. I would compare that alliance with the ACLU and the ADL. Yesterday the County Commissioners had a sneaky meeting at six in the morning. I went down there and was the only person from our industry who went to the meeting. They discussed the ordinance. The one lady commissioner [Yvonne Atkinson Gates] wasn't there to vote. They decided pretty much to gut the law. They've taken out the silly, silly things like no tipping in the G-string. And they're going to work on the language of the ordinance about how you can dance. Because the wording is pretty much that you can rub on a customer's leg. It's in legalese but you can rub on a customer's leg. One county commissioner pointed out, where does your leg stop? The vice cops are saying you know where your leg stops. Actually, no we don't. And they're probably going to be the ones ruling on where your leg stops. I'm sitting there thinking your penis sits on tops of your legs, so... My frustration is just say what you mean. I've had a semester of law school and I think legalese nonsense is one of the grievous of our nation.
Gene: That's the whole gimmick about the law. That's what you as as client are paying for- the translation of all that mumbo jumbo. They created a language that's foreign enough where people don't get it, so you have to hire a lawyer to help you get it.
Brown: I completely agree and you've got vice cops writing law which is really kind of scary. A law school is simply a trade school for people who have really useless bachelor's degrees. You do learn something there. And when I hear a vice cops saying, 'I wrote the law the way I want it written!' I'm thinking and you are a fine Harvard scholar, aren't you. They're just asinine. And the vice cops are not interested in stopping the law being broken. They're interested in arresting girls. They made that very clear when I had real teachers tell them you need a class to explain to these women exactly what you mean along the lines of an alcohol awareness class. They were not at all interested in any sort of class. They want to arrest girls.
Gene: Are you going to use the upcoming strippers' expo as an attempt to sign on girls.
Brown: That's serendipity that we chose the First. And yes, any one who wants to share their solidarity with us, we would appreciate that. Let me put this out to any woman in the industry who's ever danced here- if you have ever been a dancer at all and you want to support your right as a woman not to be defamed, we would so appreciate any support at our rally afterwards. After we go to the County Commissioners we're going to have an after party at Talk of the Town. We're going to have a serious local demonstration at the commissioners' building. The march starts 3 pm at Garces and Las Vegas Blvd. right across the street from Showgirl Video. A march down the boulevard is about half a mile. We were going to make it three miles...
Gene: But that's murder on the stilettos.
Brown: That would have been like the Bataan Death March. We're putting the call out to any twentysomething who's envious that she didn't get to march at a real life demonstration. Here's your chance.

@_date: 1999-05-11 06:10:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: DAGOS 
Sorry- DIGOS.Antiterrorist police search homes of two journalists
Reporters Without Borders today protested against the searches carried out yesterday by DIGOS antiterrorist police at the homes of two journalists, Fiorenza Sarzanini of the Corriere della Sera and Mario Menghetti of Il Messaggero. The searches came after both of these national dailies ran articles about the violence at the G8 summit in Genoa in the summer of 2001 that were apparently based on a leaked police report.
"The frequency with which the authorities have violated the confidentiality of journalist sources in the past few months is disturbing", Reporters Without Borders secretary-general Robert Ménard said in a letter to Justice Minister XXXX. "These methods have been used at least five times against investigative journalists in 2002", Ménard said.
"We must remind you that the principle of the protection of journalistic sources is one of the essential conditions of press freedom, and democratic states respect this right", the letter continued. "We must also remind you that the Council of Europe and the European Court of Human Rights monitor respect for this principle by member states and we ask you to ensure that the Italian judiciary does not violate it."
The 19 August searches of the homes of Sarzanini and Menghetti by the Rome antiterrorist squad were carried out on the orders of the Genoa prosecutor's office. In their articles of 5 August, the two journalists are suspected of having cited a secret carabinieri report which focussed above on Carlo Giuliani, a young demonstrator who was killed by a member of the carabinieri. The antiterrorist squad was looking for documents that could help identify the source of this leak.
On 3 May, Reporters Without Borders protested against the search carried out at the home of La Stampa reporter Guido Ruotolo who was suspected of having published information that violated the secrecy of a judicial investigation into an Islamic network. At the start of March, the homes of two other journalists, Claudia Fusani of La Repubblica and Fiorenza Sarzanini of the Corriere della Sera, were searched for the same reason.
Reporters sans frontières défend les journalistes emprisonnés et la liberté de la presse dans le monde, c'est-à-dire le droit d'informer et d'être informé, conformément à l'article 19 de la Déclaration universelle des droits de l'homme. Reporters sans frontières compte neuf sections nationales (Allemagne, Autriche, Belgique, Espagne, France, Grande-Bretagne, Italie, Suède et Suisse), des représentations à Abidjan, Bangkok, Buenos Aires, Istanbul, Montréal, Moscou, Nairobi, New York, Tokyo et Washington, et plus de cent correspondants dans le monde.

@_date: 1999-05-11 06:22:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 1/4 billion waste of time. 
War game was fixed to ensure American victory, claims general
Julian Borger in Washington
Wednesday August 21, 2002
The Guardian
The biggest war game in US military history, staged this month at a cost of £165m with 13,000 troops, was rigged to ensure that the Americans beat their "Middle Eastern" adversaries, according to one of the main participants.
General Paul Van Riper, a retired marine lieutenant-general, told the Army Times that the sprawling three-week millennium challenge exercises, were "almost entirely scripted to ensure a [US] win".
He protested by quitting his role as commander of enemy forces, and warning that the Pentagon might wrongly conclude that its experimental tactics were When Gen Van Riper agreed to command the forces of an unnamed Middle Eastern state - which bore a strong re semblance to Iraq, but could have been Iran - he thought he would be given a free rein to probe US weaknesses. But when the game began, he was told to deploy his forces to make life easier for US forces.
"We were directed... to move air defences so that the army and marine units could successfully land," he said. "We were simply directed to turn [air defence systems] off or move them... So it was scripted to be whatever the control group wanted it to be."
The Army Times reported that, as commander of a low-tech, third-world army, Gen Van Riper appeared to have repeatedly outwitted US forces.
He sent orders with motorcycle couriers to evade sophisticated electronic eavesdropping equipment. When the US fleet sailed into the Gulf, he instructed his small boats and planes to move around in apparently aimless circles before launching a surprise attack which sank a substantial part of the US navy. The war game had to be stopped and the American ships "refloated" so that the US forces stood a chance.
"Instead of a free-play, two-sided game as the joint forces commander advertised it was going to be, it simply became a scripted exercise. They had a predetermined end, and they scripted the exercise to that end," Gen Van Riper said. He said he quit when he found out his orders were being over ruled by the military coordinators of the game.
Vice-Admiral Marty Mayer, one of the coordinators, denied claims of fixing. "I want to disabuse anybody of any notion that somehow the books were cooked," he said.
The games were designed to test experimental new tactics and doctrines advocated by the defence secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, and were referred to in Pentagon-speak as "military transformation".
The transformation is aimed at making US forces more mobile and daring, but Gen Van Riper said that the "concepts" the game were supposed to test, with names such as "effects-based operations" and "rapid, decisive operations", were little more than "slogans", which had not been properly put to the test by the exercise.

@_date: 1999-05-11 06:28:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Breathless in Borneo. 
While you pussies bicker over copyrights and patents...FIRES in Indonesia have begun to make their presence felt in neighbouring countries.
In Malaysia, a thick haze has disrupted internal air services and forced flight cancellations in Malaysia's Sarawak state on Borneo island, an airport official said yesterday.
'The burning in Sumatra and other parts of Indonesia causes us to be hit by the haze.'
In 1997 and 1998, choking haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia enveloped parts of South-east Asia for months.
It caused serious health problems and traffic hazards, as well as disrupting airline schedules.
The haze then caused an estimated US$9.3 billion (S$16.3 billion) in losses to regional economies. SEE ALSO (if your old and nearly dead anyway.)
A vision of dystopia
This is for real, not the sequel to a sci-fi thriller. The World Bank paints a picture of a catastrophic global future.
Special report: world summit 2002

@_date: 1999-05-11 06:35:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Eliot Spitzer needs killing. 
ALBANY, N.Y. (August 21, 2002 2:50 p.m. EDT) - New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Wednesday that he has settled a case against PayPal to stop New Yorkers from using the Internet payment processor to gamble online.
Under the settlement, PayPal will not process payments from New York residents to Internet casino sites beginning on Sept. 1 and will pay $200,000 to the state for its profits, the cost of investigation and "This agreement continues the work of my office to enforce the law prohibiting illegal gambling, online or off line," Spitzer said. "This case shows that we intend to stop any company who facilitates illegal gambling A PayPal spokesman didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. eBay, the Internet auction site, has said that if its planned acquisition of PayPal is successful, the service would no longer be associated with online gambling.
PayPal lets buyers and sellers exchange money through e-mail. Buyers make payments online through credit cards and bank accounts, and PayPal relays the funds to sellers' accounts.
The company's dealing with 260 online gambling merchants has increased as more credit card firms have blocked direct payments to Internet gambling Web sites, Spitzer said.
In June, Spitzer settled a case with Citibank to block all online gambling transactions through credit cards.END
Wonder if he'll end up

@_date: 1999-05-11 06:41:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Infowar skirmish as armies circle.e-armageddon looms. 
By ANICK JESDANUN, AP Internet Writer
NEW YORK (August 21, 2002 6:34 a.m. EDT) - Upset by legislation that would give the entertainment industry broad technical powers to smother online copyright infringement, a small Internet service provider has decided to fight back.
Omachonu Ogali, owner of Information Wave Technologies, said he would use techniques similar to a honeypot meant to attract pests.
The method would involve placing fake music files on the Gnutella file-sharing network to identify computers that attempt to disrupt that Those computers, presumably working on behalf of the movie and music industries, would later be blocked from reaching the Information Wave Technologies network.
Ogali also began blocking customers Monday from accessing the Recording Industry Association of America's Web site.
The effect will be mostly symbolic.
Information Wave has only about 25 customers, mostly business, in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, and it's unlikely any blocks to his network would stop the industry's efforts elsewhere.
A bill proposed by Rep. Howard L. Berman, D-Calif., would give the entertainment industry broad new powers - including deliberately interfering with only file-sharing programs - to try to stop people from swapping pirated music and movies.
Berman has said the bill would not allow industry to spread viruses across file-trading networks or destroy files. But Ogali said mistakes could occur and if a customer is pirating music, "it's up to the ISP to terminate the customer's access, not the RIAA to come in as the law-enforcement agency."
In a statement on Ogali's initiative, the RIAA said "games like this neither serve the interests of music fans nor protect Internet service providers from their legal obligations."
ISPs lose exemption from copyright lawsuits if they actively or knowingly contribute to violations or fail to stop them upon notice, such as by terminating a customer's account.
On Friday, several recording companies sued four Internet service providers - Ogali's was not one of them - seeking an immediate court order forcing them to block access to a Chinese Web site accused of distributing pirated Ogali said the lawsuit, for him, was the last straw.END
Don't shoot till you see the pinkrim of their eyes."

@_date: 1999-05-11 06:57:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Aguirre,the wrath of god. 
Houston Police Arrest 278 People Outside Kmart (MLP)
By thebabelfish
Tue Aug 20th, 2002 at 10:02:32 PM EST
On Sunday, "scores of Houston police officers swarmed onto the Kmart parking lot in the 8400 block of Westheimer about 12:30 a.m. Sunday and arrested about 425 people for criminal trespassing, a misdemeanor." In a follow-up, the number of people arrested is reported as 278, lower, but still quite a few.
Apparently, the reason behind the raid was to arrest illegal drag racers. Upon getting there though and finding no drag race or racers, the captain in charge, Mark Aguirre, gave the "utterly, utterly senseless" (in the words of an officer at the scene) order to round up everyone...
  The arrests were indiscriminate; everyone in the parking lot at the time of the raid was arrested without question. When asked, police said that everybody was "receiving equal treatment from the Houston Police Department"; whatever people were doing at the time didn't matter, they were simply handcuffed and arrested.
One 18-year old teen said:
We went to use the restroom at Kmart and to buy a Scrunchi, and when we came back to our car, cops were coming in [the parking lot] and they tied our hands.
Another who was arrested said all she "was doing was eating ice cream" from a restaurant that adjoined the parking lot.
Even a 10-year old girl who was having dinner with her father was seperated from her father, arrested, and sent to a juvenile detention facility.
Many parents whose children had been arrested didn't know about the arrests until Monday morning and were forced to spend the whole night worrying about their children who didn't come home that night.
"I didn't sleep all night waiting for my son to come home" said a sobbing [Soneary] Sy, a Cambodian immigrant who moved to Houston 22 years ago. "He tried to go to Kmart and as soon as he got to Kmart he was arrested."
Reading about this raid shocked me. The police came to arrest drag racers, but ended up arresting everyone at the scene. Of the 278 arrested, only 42 were cited as violating the Houston curfew of midnight-6:00 am, so why did Mark Aguirre feel the need to round up everyone there and charge them with criminal trespass? Officers involved in the arrests are also questioning Aguirre's decision:
"I couldn't believe we were being told to arrest all those kids. It was just utterly, utterly senseless," said one officer involved, who violated department policy by discussing the arrests and spoke on condition of "Captain Aguirre was put in charge, and it went to hell in a handbasket," said a police supervisor who was at the scene, also violating department policy and requesting anonymity.
Apparently though, Aguirre has a history of making bad judgements in regard to department policy during his 20 years with the Houston Police Department.
The most recent was "an allegation that Aguirre used foul and threatening language to his subordinates" This "garnered the captain a written reprimand from Bradford, which was overturned by an arbitrator."
  Police like this make my job too easy.

@_date: 1999-05-11 07:21:13
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ann Thrax attack at the new york times. 
Ann "Thrax" Coulter's interview with the New York Observer's George Gurly, in which she voiced regret that journalists at the NY Times have not been murdered by terrorists.
In that interview, Thrax defends her rhetoric this way:
"I know when I'm baiting them, it's so easy to bait them and they always bite. That is my signature style, to start with the wild, bald, McCarthyite overstatements -- seemingly --and then back it up with methodical and laborious research."
True to form as liberals, we and others have bitten, responding with outrage and nausea to Thrax's expression of support for the the murder of journalists. (Or what reader John Feer has affectionately called her "girlish homicidal dementia.")
So now that the liberals are sufficiently baited, it's time to move on to Phase Two of Thrax's special game.  And we're extremely curious as to what her "methodical and laborious research" will yield here, as well as how she might use it to "back up" the idea that it's regrettable those working for the New York Times have not been killed by terrorists.
We can't wait to hear Thrax's follow-up.
In the meantime, why not help Ann "Thrax" Coulter methodically and laboriously research her argument?
Readers:  Send us examples of those historical figures whom top conservative thinkers like Thrax would like terrorists to emulate - those who have used extreme violence against journalists as an effective means of eliminating their viewpoints.  Perhaps Thrax can then rely on some of your research to "back up" her view that it's regrettable the same has not happened to those journalists who work for the New York Times.
As we also noted earlier, Ann Coulter is recommended/linked by Slate.com's Mickey Kaus.  Another prominent conservative Mickey promotes and provides a permanent link is Lucianne Goldberg.
Today's "Quote of the Day" at Lucianne.com:
Quote of the day:
"My only regret with Timothy McVeigh is he did not go to the New York Times -Ann Coulter in an interview with the New York Observer.
Also from 'atticus.' MWO.
"...Coulter, and the others on this list of pundits, would no doubt strenuously deny this argument, but replace the word 'liberals' or 'the left' in their writings with the word 'Jew or Jews,' and what kind of invective does this speech begin to resemble? Coulter et. al are quick to accuse their caricatured 'Left' of 'hate,' but I think what we now can see is that this clique of rightists have gone from creating the caricature to attack to believing the caricature to be real.
In this sense, I think there is a real parallel to developments on the right in the US and disturbing tendencies in many countries prior to bouts of extreme violence and ethnic cleansing that is no longer rooted in politics. It is rooted, rather, in the irrational identification of a caricatured class of hated people with ones real fellow citizens. As we know, in the US, Germany, Italy, Chile, Brazil, Argentina, Cambodia, all of Eastern Europe and the former USSR, in France, and even in England, the widespread belief in a caricatured evil doer (the 'Negro,' the 'Jew', the 'Communist', the 'Kulak') can quickly, and very unexpectedly, translate into widespread violence and socially sanctioned murder.
It's a very bad fire to play with. I remember hearing two songs by Peter Gabriel in 1980 that really made me think. One, of course, was 'Biko,' the song Gabriel wrote to commemorate the murder of Steve Biko in Port Elizabeth, South Africa in 1977. The other was 'Games without Frontiers,' particularly the line:
Adolph builds a bonfire and Enrico plays with it.
I think the meaning is pretty clear, and that's the bonfire with which the pundits on your list are playing. They may like their monkey games now, but will they enjoy the fruits of the barbecue so well?
Best regards as always,
Atticus Finch

@_date: 1999-05-11 07:38:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: regarding henry 
US wasn't concerned about rights abuses in Agentina
AP [ THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 2002 11:15:52 AM ]
BUENOS AIRES: Leaders of Argentina's past military dictatorship believed Washington was willing to look the other way at the outset of the junta's bloody efforts to stamp out political dissent, newly declassified US documents show.
In a telegram signed by then-US Ambassador Robert Hill, a top Argentine official returned to Buenos Aires following a 1976 visit to Washington "convinced that there is no real problem with the US government over the issue" of human rights.
Hill said the comments by Argentine Foreign Minister Admiral Guzzetti had come after meetings with US Vice President Nelson Rockefeller and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger during a two-week visit to the United Nations and "Guzzetti went to the US fully expecting to hear some strong, firm, direct warning of his government's human rights practices, rather than that, he has returned in a state of jubilation," Hill wrote.
"His remarks to me since his return are not those of a man who has been impressed with the gravity of the human rights problem as seen from the US," he continued. "Guzzetti's reaction indicates little reason for concern over the human rights issue."
Hill's impressions were contained in a telegram that was one of more than 4,000 documents released by the U.S. State Department this week, and posted on a government Web site Wednesday. The documents are revealing new information about Argentina's "dirty war" against suspected leftists during the 1976-83 dictatorship.
During the military's six-year rule, at least 8,900 people disappeared in the junta's systematic crackdown on leftist groups, according to a government report. Human rights groups place the figure at around 30,000.
The cables were released at the urging of human rights groups, Argentine families of the disappeared, and several countries investigating military officers for past abuses.
Some of the documents - diplomatic cables and other memoranda from US officials sent from the US embassy in Buenos Aires to Washington - give an impression that American diplomats believed the government had not strongly stressed that the abuses were cause for concern.
Another Hill cable, sent in September 1976, says a high-ranking Argentine official came away from a meeting with Kissinger in Santiago, Chile, thinking the US government approved of what the military regime was doing to supress subversives.
"Their impression had been that the US government's overriding concern was not human rights but rather that the Argentine government 'get it over quickly'," he wrote.
William Rogers, who served as under secretary for economic affairs during the Ford administration, said Kissinger repeatedly told Argentine officials its fight against terrorism had to be conducted within the law.
He said Kissinger had instructed Ambassador Hill to stress that point in meetings with officials from the military regime.
Kissinger did not return calls for comment Wednesday. "The cables are only a fraction of the total communicaton between Washington and the field," he said. "The don't capture what was being said behind closed doors."
Following Argentina's dictatorship, many ranking military officers were tried on charges of abduction, torture and execution of suspected leftist opponents of the regime. They were imprisoned in 1985 but later pardoned in 1990 by then-President Carlos Menem.
The human rights abuses in Argentina proved a nettlesome issue for the successive administrations of US presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter, which struggled over ways to handle them.
US embassy officials in Buenos Aires diligently tracked the abuses of the military government, frequently offering recommendations that provoked sharp debate in Washington over ways to stop them, experts say.
Appealing for added pressure from State Department officials on the Argentine government, Hill wrote that he could not press for greater attention to the human rights issue in Argentina if it did not first emanate from Washington.
The Argentine government "must now believe that if it has any problems with the US government over human rights, they are confined to certain elements of Congress and what it regards as uninformed minor segments of public opinion.
While that conviction lasts it will be unrealistc and unbelievable for this embassy to press the government over human rights violations," he wrote

@_date: 1999-05-11 08:49:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Blame India. 
Management studies originated in India: Joshi
TIMES NEWS NETWORK [ THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 2002 2:14:51 AM ]
NEW DELHI: Claims about India being the crucible of the most ancient civilisation, the originator of mathematics, rockets and missiles are passe.
To the long list of ideas and inventions claimed to have originated here, the latest is the concept of management education.
HRD minister M M Joshi said on Wednesday that management education originated here. He strongly refuted the view that it was a concept from the West that came to India. It was the other way round, he said at the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry here.
Joshi discarded the Western concept, saying it was restricted to corporate management alone with profit as the motive. He did not contrast it with the Indian concept, but said the latter ought to cover the entire spectrum of life and society with ethical values.
''Value education and value management would alone lead to a value society,'' he told a conference on ''Indian Management Education: Vision He asked the captains of industry who were following alien concepts to ponder on why they had not yielded the desired results. Company managements and management institutes in India must keep in touch with ground realities.
It was time they realised that ''striving for excellence and social good'' should be the motive in the Indian management system.
NRIs help unseat US lawmaker
CHIDANAND RAJGHATTA
WASHINGTON: The Jewish lobby is credited for Cynthia McKinney's defeat. But an Indian-American group, which co-wrote the script for this Georgia election, is happy with just a footnote on its role.
[ 10:15 pm Wednesday, Aug 21, 2002, TIMES NEWS NETWORK ]
Georgia masala,at least the good ol boys from the bad old days also got BARRed.

@_date: 1999-05-11 09:02:45
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Swiss banks down- Caymans next? 
Peru gets secret fortune linked to former spy chief
BY LUCIEN O. CHAUVIN
Special to The Herald
LIMA - Switzerland on Tuesday returned to the Peruvian government $77.5 million linked to Peru's discredited former spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, concluding that the money ``originated from corruption-related The money had been squirreled away in secret bank accounts during the past decade by Montesinos and other officials in former President Alberto Fujimori's government.
The bulk of the money, $49.5 million, was in accounts belonging to the jailed Montesinos. Another $21 million was in an account held by retired Gen. Nicolás de Bari Hermoza Ríos, who headed the Joint Chiefs of Staff throughout most of the 1990s.
The remaining funds were deposited in Switzerland by an unidentified arms The Peruvian government expressed satisfaction Tuesday with the decision of the Swiss Federal Office of Justice.
''This is great news. We are not only recovering money that belongs to all Peruvians, but the decision of Swiss authorities will also help us work with other countries to repatriate more funds,'' said Rep. Anel Townsend Diez Canseco, a member of congress and close ally of President Alejandro The returned funds were transferred to an account belonging to the Peruvian National Bank at Citibank in New York.
The repatriated funds represent a staggering amount of money for a relatively poor country like Peru, which is fighting to overcome an economic crisis.
Earlier this year, the Swiss government agreed to return to Nigeria some $535 million held in blocked accounts in Swiss banks by the late Nigerian dictator Sani Abacha. In terms of money returned to a Latin American government, however, the Peruvian figure is believed to be one of the highest.
MORE SOUGHT
In addition, the Peruvian government is working with the Swiss Federal Office of Justice to repatriate another $33 million held by Montesinos in accounts that have been blocked in that country.
Montesinos was sentenced to nine years in prison in early July for illegally acting as head of Peru's National Intelligence Service. Fujimori never formally appointed him to head the intelligence service, which he ran for 10 years. He faces nearly 60 other charges, many involving arms smuggling, and has been held at a special prison on a navy base in Callao, near Lima, for more than a year.
Hermoza Ríos, arrested in April 2001, also faces a long list of charges. He admitted to siphoning resources from the military budget and agreed to return the money. He has not been sentenced.
ARMS DEALS
Swiss authorities said Montesinos' accounts were from commissions made on at least 32 arms purchases in the 1990s. Montesinos took an 18 percent cut on transactions. Hermoza Ríos' $21 million was embezzled from the military budget during nearly seven years as head of the Peruvian army.
The two are also accused of making a fortune from drug trafficking when they formed part of a three-man team that ran Peru with Fujimori from the early 1990s. Several jailed drug traffickers testifying before a congressional commission said they paid off both men. Montesinos and Hermoza Ríos deny the accusations, which would mean life sentences if shown to be true.
Montesinos' accounts were first detected by Swiss authorities in November 2000, leading to the creation of a Special Prosecutor's Office and a dozen congressional commissions in Peru.
Switzerland has also blocked accounts belonging to other former political brokers, including Victor Joy Way, a former congressional speaker and finance minister. Joy Way is in prison awaiting trial.
The money being repatriated represents a small fraction of the total identified by the main commission investigating corruption in the Fujimori administration (1990-2000). When it finished its second report months ago, the commission had tracked $782 million belonging to more than 200 people.
Townsend said she hopes the Swiss decision and tougher banking laws enacted in that country will encourage other nations to cooperate more fully with Peru. Switzerland, long considered a paradise of banking secrecy, passed stricter laws in 1998 requiring banks to report deposits suspected of coming from illicit sources.
The Swiss decision comes at a key moment for the cash-strapped Peruvian government. President Toledo has set up a special fund to administer money embezzled during the Fujimori years.
The fund has already received $38 million from bank accounts held by two other jailed Montesinos associates, Alberto Venero Garrido and Juan Valencia Rosas, at the Cayman Island-based Pacific Industrial Bank.

@_date: 1999-05-11 09:10:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Saudi billionaires bail. 
Dollar declines as Saudis withdraw billions from US
By Javid Hassan & Omar Al-Zobaidy
RIYADH, 22 August — The US dollar yesterday fell from recent highs against the euro and yen following a report that Saudi investors were pulling billions of dollars out of the United States. London’s Financial Times earlier said Saudi investors have withdrawn the funds from the United States because of concerns their assets might be frozen. The paper quoted Youssef Ibrahim, a senior fellow at the US-based Council on Foreign Relations, as saying Saudis have pulled out at least $200 billion from the United States in recent months.
A high-ranking official of the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency confirmed that $200 billion have been withdrawn by Saudi businessmen from the United States. But he denied that the money has been deposited in Saudi banks.
The Financial Times quoted Ibrahim as saying the withdrawal had been fueled by calls from some hard-liners in the United States for a freezing of assets held by investors from Saudi Arabia. He said the outflows could pick up in response to the legal action launched last week in the United States against Saudi citizens and organizations, Sudan and several Gulf banks and charities by relatives of the victims of the Sept. 11 attacks.
The suit accuses them of covertly financing the Al-Qaeda network and seeks $1,000 to $3,000 billion in punitive damages for each of the 14 counts from 99 organizations or individuals. It also seeks $100 trillion in damages from Sudan.
According to the Financial Times report, investors are believed to be shifting funds out of US private equity, stocks, bonds and real estate into European accounts. But it added that some bankers in London said the largest established Saudi investors did not yet appear to be shifting money out of the United States.
It quoted one unnamed banker as saying: "I’m skeptical about a mass exodus. But there was a lot of Saudi money with American banks that was not diversified, now they (the Saudis) are spreading their wings. Perhaps 30 percent to 50 percent of the money that was with US banks is seeking Saudi investors have registered their concerns over the campaign of criticism against Saudi Arabia in the United States. "It is making our customers paranoid," said a senior banker with a US bank overseeing billions in Saudi assets mainly in the United States.
A cross section of Saudi businessmen, investors and financial advisers welcomed the withdrawal and said European banks could be the major beneficiaries of this huge repatriation of funds unless the Gulf and Arab states streamlined their own economies and created an environment conducive to the inflow of overseas funds.
Commenting on the unprecedented step taken by Saudi investors, Bishr Bakheet, well-known financial adviser, told Arab News that it is estimated that Arabs had invested $1.3 trillion outside the Arab world.
"This figure is based on the analysis conducted by Merrill Lynch/Gemini Consultancy. According to them, it is estimated that Saudis have invested more than $700 billion in the United States."
Bakheet said that of late the US economy had been showing signs of weakness which had been mirrored in its negative performance even prior to Sept. 11. "It is for this reason that many institutions had started to reduce their investments in the US market, especially after Sept. 11."
The situation, he said, was compounded by the onslaught on Arabs and Muslims in the US in the wake of Sept. 11 which, together with the collapse of Enron, WorldCom and other US corporations, jolted the Saudi investor

@_date: 1999-05-11 09:17:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: In Solidarity... 
for a free Palestine
By Steven Salaita
(YellowTimes.org) - For the first time in my life, I was disgusted to receive messages in support of the Palestinian people. It wasn't, of course, the support itself that irritated me; it is always uplifting and inspiring to hear from folks who covet justice and advocate the implementation of international law.
Rather, it was the context in which the purported support was expressed. Let me offer an example. One reader signed off with the line, "In solidarity for a free Palestine." A nice sentiment, right? Absolutely not. The previous sentence announced that "[i]f they don't soon clean up their act - in Palestine and everywhere else - these Zionists will suffer a fate that will make the supposed 'death of the six million' (unfortunately, that number seems far too small) look like a tea party!"
I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised. The subject line, after all, read, "Those Fucking Jews!" Sadly, this way of thinking still exists in our world. It is gruesome and frightening, but not wholly anachronistic. I deplore it, though I don't like to publicly condemn it because, thanks to organizations like the Anti-Defamation League and Simon Wiesenthal Center, condemnation of anti-Semitism is parlayed into uncritical support for Israel's ethnic cleansing. I refuse to oppose one form of racism in order to maintain another.
What spurs me to action is the statement, "In solidarity for a free Palestine." Wishing death on world Jewry will not save Palestine. Ridiculing the millions who died in the Holocaust will not, in any possible way, benefit humanity. It will perpetuate the hatred that affected ethnic cleansing in the first place. I'd like to remind readers that Zionist colonization is part of this continuum, not a movement in response to it.
This is all, in any case, beside the point. Articulating a desire to exterminate an entire ethnicity is pernicious beyond comprehension. It is counterproductive. It is despicable. It is terrifying. It is idiotic.
And it has no place in the free Palestine movement, either in the West or Middle East. Such idiocy was never part of Arab culture. It was invented and developed in Europe. Let them have it. When has an indigenous people ever benefited from mimicking Europeans?
As an ardent supporter of the Palestinian people, I would like to avoid statements like the one I received from a polite and otherwise perfectly reasonable reader in West Virginia: "I do recognize the double standard and hateful nature of the Yehudi." Or this one from another concerned citizen: "A truly frightening, evil race of people." My inbox is littered with similar observations.
It provides me a semblance of relief that Arabs and Muslims have never offered feedback of this nature. It would be dishonest, however, to suggest that anti-Semitism does not exist in the Arab world. It is expressed on the street, in newspapers, and at the government level. It needs to cease for obvious reasons, mainly moral but also strategic.
Another rarely mentioned reason it should stop is because it diverts Arabs from their cultural traditions. We have always been warm and generous. Our culture is unceasingly hospitable. Nowhere are guests treated more kindly than in the Arab world. We have an extraordinary history of tolerance and scientific inquiry.
But if we appropriate the philosophical underpinnings of colonialism, then we become colonialists. We will be no better than the Europeans who came and carved our borders. We will be worse than Zionists.
Arabs have serious problems to solve before we set our sights on liberating Palestine. There is a vibrant slave trade in Mauritania and the Sudan. There is political repression in Syria and Jordan. There is violent extremism in Algeria. (I wonder what became of Frantz Fanon's hope that the Algerian decolonial struggle wouldn't replace a French policeman with an Algerian policeman.) There is indentured servitude all over the Gulf. There is severe religious tension in Lebanon.
With all this, we expect to liberate Palestine? I don't think so. Please, let's not add Nazism to the list of impediments. Relying on our own brilliant social and intellectual heritage will suffice.
The messages I receive from domestic readers connote a different problem altogether. They are part of a recent phenomenon that has the potential to destabilize and discredit Arab America: The convergence of extreme-right logic with anti-occupation activity, a central feature of Arab American political culture.
A number of far-right racists, David Duke foremost among them, now invoke Israel's behavior as "proof" of inherent Jewish depravity. Extremist websites post articles critical of Israel from respectable publications, many with Jewish authors. The organizations' hatred of Jews is so strong that they are willing to employ Jewish voices in order to promote their agenda. Their naïveté is as striking as their stupidity.
Unfortunately, it gives credence to the Zionist assertion that Jews opposed to Israel's occupation are "self-hating." When Arab authors are used, it incites the notion that unprovoked anti-Semitism underlies our work. How are supporters of Palestine ever to make headway when the asinine claims made against our discourse by the Zionist mainstream are corroborated - without our knowledge or permission - by right-wing ideologues?
Zionists whore themselves to the religious right in order to receive their money and support, even though they know damn well what Protestant taxonomy has in store for the Jews. It is shameful. Now, they rely on the exploits of those who want them exterminated in order to justify their claim that criticism of Israel is an offshoot of Nazism.
We know this approach is dimwitted; but when we allow the extreme right to expropriate and employ our discourse, the approach works. We are, yet again, put in a position where we ignore the real issues because we are trying to convince everybody that we aren't anti-Semitic.
This is all in addition to the most crucial point: Duke's brand of anti-Semitism is in itself horrific. It has no place in any decent public forum. It has caused humanity unspeakable pain. We shouldn't think that it could never happen again. As long as dangerous ideas exist, there is potential for danger.
I therefore have two messages, one for Arab Americans and the other for anti-Semites who hitch their bigotry to my articles:
1) It is prudent for us to monitor what is said on our behalf and where our work is displayed when it is put into transit. We are already amid a public relations disaster in the United States. Zionists love exploiting that disaster; indeed, they helped create it.
John Ashcroft is trying to eliminate the few civil liberties we have left. The Patriot Act is perilous to all Americans, but aimed primarily at Arabs and Muslims. We don't need more reason to induce suspicion in fellow Americans. And we can't afford to have our good work hijacked by racists who despise us, but who abhor the Jews enough to use that work to supplement their abhorrence.
Let us then remain aware of the consequences of speaking. I am not merely paranoid. This problem is potentially serious.
2) It is not anti-Semitic to criticize Israel. It is noble and necessary. It is anti-Semitic, however, to claim that Israel is the result of degenerate Jewry. This is what you do. I deplore that claim. I want nothing to do with it. I would rather embrace Zionism.
I repeat emphatically: I do not work on behalf of Palestine in order to antagonize or destroy the Jews. The Jews are my cousins. I have productive relationships and warm friendships with Jews. The Israeli government is my enemy. This fact does not give you the right to attach your hateful ideology to Arab America and attribute your insanity to us.
Your attitude nullifies humanity's potential for rapprochement. Your false support is transparent. Your incompetence is ubiquitous. Come to think of it, the only symbiosis among Jews and Arabs is the fact that our common enemy is you.
[Steven Salaita is completing an English doctorate at the University of Oklahoma, with emphasis on Native, Palestinian, and Arab American literatures. A West Virginian with Palestinian and Jordanian parents, he splits his time between the United States and the Middle East. He encourages your comments: ssalaita at YellowTimes.org ]

@_date: 1999-05-11 09:42:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ratical Hirstory. 
AUSTRALIAN RADICAL HISTORY THE EUREKA SERIES NO. 29 ONE MORE TIME Carboni¹s acquittal twenty minutes after the jury retired, should have culminated in the end of the treason trials. Governor Hotham and his Attorney-General William Foster Stawell, rightly believed their credibility with the Home Office in London rested on a conviction, so they insisted that the farce go on, hoping they could record one conviction. Jan Vannick a "foreign" from Holland, one of the "mongrel crew" took his turn on the stand. After a trial that lasted less than a day he was acquitted in record time. James Beattie was the next miner to face the court. Evidence was given that trooper Rivell from the 40th Regiment, confronted Beattie as he clambered back into the stockade with a pistol in his hand. Beattie dropped his pistol, dropped to his knees and screamed "Mercy! Save Me! Don¹t Shoot! I am beaten! I will give in!" as trooper William Rivell aimed his carbine at him. Fortunately for Beattie, Sergeant Patrick Riley of the same regiment saw Beattie beg for mercy and told trooper Rivell to take him prisoner. Beattie was acquitted once again in record time. Michael Touhey took the stand the following day. Evidence was given that Touhey was caught escaping from the stockade. Once again another one of the magnificent thirteen was acquitted of the charge High Treason. Michael Touhey was born in Scariff, Ireland in 1830. He survived the Irish famine, burying many family members and friends. He never forgot that food was being exported from Ireland to line the pockets of English absentee landlords, while a million Irish men, women and children died and a further million were forced to immigrate. On the morning of December 3rd 1854, Touhey was prepared to fight and die if necessary. Although he had traveled 12,000 miles to escape the tyranny of the British government, once again he faced the same tyrants. Luck seemed to be with Touhey, after side swiping a bayonet that ripped through his clothes, he was arrested and marched to the police camp. On the way to the camp, a soldier tried to cut off his head with a sabre. Touhey¹s nimble feet saved him once again. After his acquittal he returned to the alluvial diggings at Ballarat. Once the gold ran out, he took up a farm in the Ballarat district between Melbourne and Ballarat. He took part in the 50th anniversary celebrations at Ballarat in 1904 and continued farming till he died at the age of 85 from pneumonia at the Ballarat Hospital in September 1915. He was the last survivor of the thirteen who stood trial for High Treason in Melbourne in 1855. NEXT WEEK: THE FINAL SIX.

@_date: 1999-05-11 09:57:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Californication. 
National Guard Anti-Pot Helicopter Caused 50,000 Acre CA Fire
By Preston Peet
For High Times
"This has got to be the very worst marijuana-related damage done in this state in my entire lifetime." -- Dale Gieringer, California NORML
A forest fire that burned out of control for almost two weeks and devastated over 50,000 acres near San Diego was caused by a helicopter looking for pot farms, a California Department of Forestry investigation has concluded.
Support long beach anarchs
By Lorenzo Komboa Ervin
Recently I visited Los Angeles for a speaking tour, and learned of the harassment and frame-ups of Anarchists in Long Beach/Los Angeles county, California. It seems that repressive police And FBI terrorism is being used to crush the Anarchist movement there. During May Day protests against capitalism held in Long Beach, police without provocation attacked a street demonstration with brutal violence, arresting about 100 persons, and physically injuring several others. People were shot with rubber bullets, beaten with baton, and sprayed with chemical Mace.

@_date: 1999-05-11 09:59:21
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Debs,in search of self. 
The Anti-war Speech That Earned Eugene Debs 10 Years in PrisonProminent labor organizer and political activist Eugene Debs delivered a speech at a Socialist Party convention in Canton, Ohio, on 16 June 1918. Because of it, he was prosecuted under the Sedition Act for interfering with the draft, leading to a 10-year prison sentence and the stripping of his US citizenship. (He ended up serving 2 years and 8 months in the slammer; President Warren G. Harding commuted his sentence.) Interestingly, Debs ran for President on the Socialist Party ticket five times, with the last time occurring while he was in prison. He received almost one million votes. The Memory Hole is presenting this speech for many reasons. Besides its historical value, we believe any speech which caused its speaker to be imprisoned is worth saving. And you may notice that as the current administration bangs the drum for war against Iraq, Afghanistan, and 60 other countries, the anti-war portions of this speech are as relevant now as they were 84 years ago. Anti-war portions of Debs' speech Wars throughout history have been waged for conquest and plunder. In the Middle Ages when the feudal lords who inhabited the castles whose towers may still be seen along the Rhine concluded to enlarge their domains, to increase their power, their prestige and their wealth they declared war upon one another. But they themselves did not go to war any more than the modern feudal lords, the barons of Wall Street go to war. The feudal barons of the Middle Ages, the economic predecessors of the capitalists of our day, declared all wars. And their miserable serfs fought all the battles. The poor, ignorant serfs had been taught to revere their masters; to believe that when their masters declared war upon one another, it was their patriotic duty to fall upon one another and to cut one another's throats for the profit and glory of the lords and barons who held them in contempt. And that is war in a nutshell. The master class has always declared the wars; the subject class has always fought the battles. The master class has had all to gain and nothing to lose, while the subject class has had nothing to gain and all to lose--especially their lives. They have always taught and trained you to believe it to be your patriotic duty to go to war and to have yourselves slaughtered at their command. But in all the history of the world you, the people, have never had a voice in declaring war, and strange as it certainly appears, no war by any nation in any age has ever been declared by the people. And here let me emphasize the fact--and it cannot be repeated too often--that the working class who fight all the battles, the working class who make the supreme sacrifices, the working class who freely shed their blood and furnish the corpses, have never yet had a voice in either declaring war or making peace. It is the ruling class that invariably does both. They alone declare war and they alone make peace. Yours not to reason why; Yours but to do and die. That is their motto and we object on the part of the awakening workers of this nation. If war is right let it be declared by the people. You who have your lives to lose, you certainly above all others have the right to decide the momentous issue of war or peace.... You need at this time especially to know that you are fit for something better than slavery and cannon fodder. You need to know that you were not created to work and produce and impoverish yourself to enrich an idle exploiter. You need to know that you have a mind to improve, a soul to develop, and a manhood to sustain.... They are continually talking about your patriotic duty. It is not their but your patriotic duty that they are concerned about. There is a decided difference. Their patriotic duty never takes them to the firing line or chucks them into the trenches. And now among other things they are urging you to "cultivate" war gardens, while at the same time a government war report just issued shows that practically 52 percent of the arable, tillable soil is held out of use by the landlords, speculators and profiteers. They themselves do not cultivate the soil. Nor do they allow others to cultivate it. They keep it idle to enrich themselves, to pocket the millions of dollars of unearned increment.... And now for all of us to do our duty! The clarion call is ringing in our ears and we cannot falter without being convicted of treason to ourselves and to our great cause. Do not worry over the charge of treason to your masters, but be concerned about the treason that involves yourselves. Be true to yourself and you cannot be a traitor to any good cause on earth. Alternative Press Review - Your Guide Beyond the Mainstream
PO Box 4710 - Arlington, VA 22204

@_date: 1999-05-11 10:01:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Oct 9 trial date set.'The Timoney three.' 
A trial date of October 9th, 2002 has been set for three of the remaining Republican Convention Defendants.
In August of 2000, when the Republican Convention met in Philadelphia, local activists invited their friends to be out in the streets protesting the Republicans' abysmal stance on criminal justice issues.
Over 400 of the protestors were arrested, and three of them are still awaiting trial. Eric Steinberg, Darby Landy, and Camilo (pronounced Camille) Viveiros were charged with conspiracy and violations against then police chief John Timoney.
Lawyers for the "Timoney 3," as they have been called, attempted to reduce the charges, which initially included conspiracy charges and a felony assault charge against community organizer Camilo Viveiros.
Initially court proceedings went well, and in October of 2000 some charges were dropped. In December of 2001 however, Mr. Viveiros's attorney Robert Levant recieved the bad news that the superior court of Pennsylvania had restored the charges, including the first degree felony assault.
An appeal was immediately filed with the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.
On Friday July 12th attorney Bob Levant was told that the appeal had not been accepted. All three defendants now face trial on October 9th, 2002.
Supporters for Camilo hope that friends and supporters will come to Philadelphia for the trial. Nore importantly, however, immediate actions can be taken to see that justice prevails.
Camilo is facing serious charges and the possibility of a long prison sentece. His friends are asking all concerned and compassionate people to help by educating others about the case, raising money for the legal defense fund, writing letters to Philadelphia publications expressing concern about the case, and writing letters, in care of Friends of Camilo, to Judge Yohn to be used at the appropriate time in the trial.
Help educate about the case by tabling at events and conferences, hosting a panel or discussion, or organzing a fund-raiser or other event to raise If you were at the Republican convention protests and were near Latimer (near Walnut) and 17th at the time of the arrest you can help by contacting the legal defense team.
If you are a writer or journalist you can help by writing a story, an opinion piece, a letter to the editor or interviewing people involved with the case.
If you are part of an organization, a faith- based group, a radical network, or a concerned community it is helpful to write a sign-on letter on behalf of your group.
Local supporters can attend a legal update and letter writing event on Thursday, Aug. 22 at the Aspace, 4722 Baltimore Avenue in West Philadelphia at 7:30pm.
Guidelines for letter writing and information packets about the case will be available.
Those interested in coming to Philadelphia for the trial, or helping to organize court support can email Wayne Ritz: WayneRitz at hotmail.com
Background information on the Timoney 3, the Republican Convention, and Camilo Viveiros can be found at:  and Letters (please send 2 copies)and donations in support of Camilo should be sent to:
Friends of Camilo P.O. Box 23169 Providence, RI 02903
Contact: StayingStrong at hotmail.com to recieve guidelines for letter writing, materials for tabling,resumes of Camilo's organizing work, background information for articles, contact information for interviews, contact information for the legal defense team or to have general questions To subscribe to an announcement listserv about the case email: info at r2klegal.org
To attend regional organizing meetings, start a Friends of Camilo group in your area, get contact lists for your event or fundraiser, or have someone speak about the case at your event contact A-space at defenestrator.org
To contact Eric and Darby or recieve information about their cases email: info at r2klegal.org or check the website>A trial date of October 9th, 2002 has been set for three of the remaining Republican Convention Defendants: GUIDELINES FOR LETTERS TO THE JUDGE (If you do not know Camilo personally)
Letters, if possible, should be on official stationery from the Please send two signed copies of the letter, one addressed “To Whom it May Concern” and the other addressed to “Honorable Judge Young.”
Please send the letters to: Friends of Camilo, P.O. Box 23169, Providence, RI 02903. Do not send them directly to the Judge.
If your organization has branches or affiliates, please urge them to write letters as well, particularly those in Philadelphia, to help build pressure where it is needed most.
èLetters to the Judge should focus on putting Camilo in a positive light, showing the value of his work to the community. It is not helpful to rant against the Police Commissioner, D.A., or the Philadelphia police in general.
1)DESCRIBE THE ORGANIZATION & THE LETTER WRITER:
- State your title, position or affiliation with an organization, church, association, union, etc. This can be anything from Executive Director to - State the constituencies your organization serves and the size (
- Describe how your organization serves/impacts the community.
- When instructive, describe the specific issues (civil rights, labor, economic justice, faith-based social justice) where the organization’s work is focused and the connection to various social, ethnic or academic communities that highlight the organization’s status in the community.
2) DESCRIBE YOUR FAMILIARITY WITH THE WORK CAMILO DOES:
- See  for information. If the issue you want to highlight is not there, please contact: stayingstrong at hotmail.com and they can provide you with more details about the kind of work Camilo has been involved in over the years.
- State why is would be a shame to deprive Camilo of his ability to continue to work on important community issues.
3) DRAW A LINK BETWEEN YOUR ORGANIZATION AND CAMILO’S WORK:
Camilo has been involved in direct service, advocacy and community organizing, He: works to assist mostly elderly and disabled tenants who are endangered by rent increases to form tenant associations and stop evictions; volunteered as a caregiver in high school; volunteered on a suicide hotline; worked in group homes with developmentally disabled adults; worked in the local rape crisis center; co-founded the Progressive Student Alliance (to increase financial aid funding and preserve programs to support immigrant and first-generation American students); co-founded the national organization Empty The Shelters (Fill the Homes), which helped students and youth contribute to the efforts of welfare rights organizations and unions of the homeless; helped to mobilize a mostly Cambodian and Lai neighborhood in Fall River, Massachusetts, to pressure the city to shut down a toxic incinerator; went to Canada to stop the creation of a Hydro Quebec dam on Innu land; co-founded Homes not Jails in Boston. Camille has been committed to the use of civil disobedience for years.
Camille has always believed that the power of the people lay in passionate activists successfully building the support of ordinary people.
4) EXPLAIN WHY IT WOULD BE A GREAT TRAGEDY TO IMPRISON SOMEONE LIKE CAMILO
State why you think Camilo’s role in the community should be considered; how the kind of work he does is so useful and necessary to society. E.G. “Proceeding with the prosecution of these charges would constitute a great disservice not only to Camilo and everybody that is lucky enough to know him, but to a society that is already suffering from a serious shortage of people as passionate and committed as Camilo.” Tom O’Brien, former co-working, MAHT
Biography of Camilo Viveiros Jr.
Camilo Viveiros was born in 1971 to immigrant parents from the Azores, Portugal. Before immigrating to Southeastern Massachusetts, his parents led an agrarian life in the Azores, a small group of islands in the Atlantic between Portugal and the U.S. Raised in the closely-knit Portuguese community of Fall River, Massachusetts, Camilo was taught from an early age that strong family ties and support were more important than the size of a bank account. Through their example, his parents instilled in their son a commitment to sharing generously with others -- important values in an extended family without large paychecks. Both of Camilo's parents worked blue-collar jobs -- his mother, working for over forty years in the garment industry, while his father worked his whole life as a laborer.
Camilo was arrested on August 1st, 2000, during demonstrations in Philadelphia highlighting national mispriorities of putting the profits of the few over the needs of public. In particular that day of protests was focused on the number one growth industry in the U.S. the prison and criminal justice industries. While more and more prisons are being built, funding for education, healthcare, affordable housing and decent jobs are being cut. As the regional organizer in southeastern Massachusetts and Cape Cod for the Mass Alliance of HUD Tenants, he works to assist mostly elderly and disabled tenants who are endangered by rent increases to form tenant associations and stop evictions. He had come to Philadelphia in that capacity, to represent the concerns of these tenants and to address call attention to the lack of support for low and moderate income people in Until his arrest, Camilo has been involved in work for social justice virtually without a break. This dedication to helping those who have "fallen through the cracks" made itself known early on in his youth. During his high school years he began by volunteering as a caregiver, choosing the settings in which he could help those who were most overlooked. In his teens he spent time volunteering on a suicide hotline, giving attention to people who called in their worst moments of crisis. Believing he should try to contribute to the welfare of others before graduating high school, he dedicated time to distributing food to those in need. "Camilo is always looking after the underdog," his friend, David Malone, says of those years. "In high school he took time out to befriend others, who were being made fun of, because he has a big heart." After high school Camilo worked in group homes with developmentally disabled adults, assisting residents with their everyday needs to "make a little positive difference in their lives". Shawn Mills a co-worker of Camilo's at a group home for the developmentally disabled seniors said "Camilo always treated clients with respect, he spoke to them as peers and recognized them as unique individuals."
During his college years and in his professional work, Camilo has continued to devote his time to help people in impoverished communities to attain basic survival needs, from food and housing to environmental health and protection from domestic violence. This caring has been expressed through his work with myriad grassroots community organizations, several of which he helped to found. During college he worked in the local rape crisis center, assisting those who had been sexually assaulted to find services and counseling. Also while in college, he co-founded the Progressive Student Alliance, whose members struggled to increase financial aid funding and preserve programs to support immigrant and first-generation American students. Also, during these years, Camillo began what would become a lifelong commitment to ending homelessness and increasing the availability of affordable housing. He co-founded the national organization Empty The Shelters (Fill the Homes), which helped students and youth contribute to the efforts of welfare rights organizations and unions of the homeless.
Camilo's commitment to empowering communities in need has continued in his professional work. Yet his activism as an adult has not been limited to his paid work. As one example, he helped to mobilize a mostly Cambodian and Lai neighborhood in Fall River, Massachusetts, to pressure the city to shut down a toxic incinerator. Ed Duran, who was part a the coalition effort, commented, "Camilo is always thinking about how to broaden community participation He helped increase participation by simply going door-to-door. Residents responded to his approachable and humble character and with more community support we eventually got the incinerator shut down. " Again and again, both his professional colleagues and the community residents he works with describe Camilo's manner and organizing style as unique, marked by his belief in each person's human dignity and his soft spoken support. Efforts by police administrators to portray Camillo as violent or thuggish contradict sharply with the experiences of the elderly and disabled tenants, religious, labor and community leaders who have come to know him. As Gary Hicks, one public housing tenant who has witnessed Camilo's efforts, says, "Camilo constantly builds up tenants' self-confidence through his gentle encouragement". "All of Camilo's caring community work and sensitivity for some of our most vulnerable community members does not match who police officers claim he is," says his partner, Mimi Budnick. "Camilo has spent much of his life trying his best to play a positive role in others' lives. We will not allow an inaccurate impression of him to be accepted. We're confident that the more others get to know him, the more people will understand why this violent portrayal just doesn't ring true."
Background Information on Camilo
Camilo Viveiros Jr., a social justice activist who resides in New England, has been singled out and villianized by the most powerful law enforcement official in Philly, police commissioner Timoney. The Philly Commissioner of police testified against Camilo Viveiros at his pretrial on August 9th.
Camilo went to the Institute for Social Ecology for two summers and has made visits back to this area to keep in touch with other activists.
He has worked with Vermont activists in the mid 90's going up to Canada to stop the creation of a Hydro Quebec dam on Innu land. He participated in a non-violent blockade and was arrested with Vermonters defending the sovereignty of the Innu people from ecological genocide.
Through the years Camille has co-founded a variety of grassroots social justice groups ranging from Empty the Shelters in Oakland to Homes not Jails in Boston to community coalitions to stop incinerators, stop the construction of an outfall pipe on indigenous land, end the use of chaingangs etc. etc.
The Commissioners attempt to put Camille behind bars is a clear attack on the continually growing momentum of large direct action demonstrations.
Camille has been committed to the use of civil disobedience for years. Putting an end to the movement means that our opposition will want to scare people off by marginalizing people like Camilo.
Camille has always believed that the power of the people lay in passionate activists successfully building the support of ordinary people. This situation is no different. He recognizes that the City of Philly has sent a clear message to the core of long time activists who came to Philly. What needs to be done now is to broaden our support. Any community organization that looks into it's history, has to acknowledge that there was a time when authorities attempted to marginalize and in fact criminalize their activities: religious freedom, women's ability to vote, the emancipation of people of color from slavery, labors' protection of working people, "disabled" peoples' access to public buildings etc. All those movements have gone through times when their activists where painted as villains and violent trouble makers.
We need to reach out to community members and remind them of the past and invite their contemporary solidarity.
Link:

@_date: 1999-05-12 01:36:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: VENONA Echelon precursor. 
Fortress Australia
Fortress Australia uncovers one of the most extraordinary chapters in Australia's history - the brazen attempt by successive Australian governments to fortress the nation with atomic weapons. This groundbreaking film reveals a web of intrigue as it penetrates a murky world of diplomatic double-dealing and atomic espionage. Set against a backdrop of cold war paranoia and fear of Asian aggression, it explores the motives of the politicians, defence chiefs and scientists who set out to buy, then ultimately build, a nuclear arsenal.
Learning Areas: History
DurationDuration: 55 mins
Year of Release:2002
Broadcast Date:August 22
Broadcast Time:10pm
Channel:ABC TV
Acknowledgements:A Film Australia National Interest Program. Produced with the assistance of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Link:Fortress Australia
Study Guide: Fortress Australia
In a new documentary on au research on WOMD.It was revealed that the russians had their agents rout crucial wartime Intel through au as they could access it there.
The Secret Bid for the Atomic Bomb
This is a story all Australians should know about. Students of history, politics and science will find it illuminating. Teachers will find it a particularly useful resource.
RICHARD BUTLER, CHIEF OF UN SPECIAL COMMISSION TO DISARM IRAQ 1997-1999
Fortress Australia uncovers one of the most extraordinary chapters in Australia's history - the brazen attempt by successive Australian governments to fortress the nation with atomic weapons. This groundbreaking film reveals a web of intrigue as it penetrates a murky world of diplomatic double-dealing and atomic espionage. Set against a backdrop of cold war paranoia and fear of Asian aggression, it explores the motives of the politicians, defence chiefs and scientists who set out to buy, then ultimately build, a nuclear arsenal.
You can download a preview of Fortress Australia and an introduction by Richard Butler, Chief of UN Special Commission to Disarm Iraq 1997-1999, who says:
Australia is well known for its efforts on behalf of nuclear disarmament. For example, at the United Nations it tabled the comprehensive test ban treaty. But that wasn't always the case.
The surprising story that most people don't know is that for at least two decades Australia made repeated and serious attempts to acquire nuclear Also that a top expert in the MILIND complex recomended that au develop chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction.Paul Baxters comments made headlines in local papers earlier this year.AU supports UN security council resolutions when it suits the Govt of the day.An especially subservient US puppet mob is in power at the moment.Doco has footage of the 'dirty' monte bello testand a rainforest 'small nuke' test of 50 tons of TNT,operation blowdown.

@_date: 1999-05-12 02:14:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Presidential in Portland. 
KILL the PRESIDENT!
by profrv 6:38pm Thu Aug 22 '02
And the next one and the next till they get the message...that you can fuck with some of the people some of the time but the day you try to fuck with all of the people all of the time is the day you wind up in a body bag or a pine box.Am I going to wack the shrub out? Physically that presents some problems as I live in au,however I will pledge to pay into a pooled fund that may be payed to the closest prediction of the permanent retirement of the shrub.Kinda like stiffs.com and,yes,APster or 'assassination politics.(my 2$)
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell."
Rubber bullets and Mace oh my!

@_date: 1999-05-12 02:17:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: State of Siege-Oregon. 
Police open fire on protestors - rubber bullets
by Briget 6:31pm Thu Aug 22 '02
Police have opened fire on Bush protestors with rubber bullets, pepper spray and gas. The crowds of people are moving around and regrouping. The crowd was standing at the barricades and the police had called a state of emergency. Pepper spray was used on group early on. Batons were used on some people. Group included babies in strollers and older people, also people in wheelchairs. Those that could get out of the way were cut off surronded by police. There are snipers on the roofs.

@_date: 1999-05-12 02:22:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Repression watch 
UNITED STATES: POLITICAL REPRESSION Aug 22 2002
U.S. Law Enforcement Acting With Impunity
The U.S. government's investigation of the September 11 attacks has been marred by arbitrary detentions, due process violations, and secret arrests, Human Rights Watch says in a new report. Some 1200 non-citizens have been secretly arrested and incarcerated in connection with the September 11 investigation, although the government has not disclosed the exact number. The vast majority are from Middle Eastern, South Asian, and North African Having suffered no repurcussions from these abuses against Arabs in America and having seen that it can disappear American citizens like Jose Padilla without interference by the courts, U.S. law enforcement is increasing its targeting of political activists. In Denver, the FBI kidnapped James Ujaama and flew him to Virginia where the government is holding him as "a potential witness in an ongoing grand jury probe of terrorism." Ujaama operates StopAmerica.org, which contains dissenting views about U.S. foreign policy. In Seattle earlier this month, police arrested Kwame Garrett and Merciful Allah, both well-known critics of the Seattle Police. In a phone call from jail, Garrett said that police officers rushed up to them with weapons drawn, shouting, 'jaywalking!' and beat the two with batons and sprayed them with pepper spray.
Attorney General John Ashcroft is preparing for mass detentions of political dissidents. Plans were recently disclosed that the Justice Department is preparing to build concentration camps to house U.S. citizens labeled "enemy combatants." The Bush Administration asserts that the label allows it to deny citizens basic rights including access to the courts, even though the courts have consistently ruled against this.
Discuss this feature.
[ U.K. IMC | Seattle IMC | Rocky Mountain IMC ]

@_date: 1999-05-12 02:59:04
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: WILE Coyote. 
West Nile Spreads to Montana, New Mexico as Number of Humans Sickened Approaches 300
By Kristen Wyatt Associated Press Writer
Published: Aug 22, 2002
ATLANTA (AP) - The number of Americans who have contracted West Nile virus this year approached 300 Thursday as the mosquito-borne virus extended its reach to Montana and New Mexico.
The disease has now killed at least 14 people and infected animals or humans in all but seven of the lower 48 states. The death toll will rise if the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirm two fatal cases of West Nile reported Thursday in Georgia.
State officials said the victims were a 51-year-old Atlanta man and a 77-year-old man from Columbus, but did not say when they died.
"West Nile virus arrived in Georgia last year, and there is currently no way to eradicate it, so we expect it to be with us every summer for the foreseeable future," said Dr. Kathleen Toomey, director of the state's Division of Public Health.
At least 33 people have died since the virus appeared in the United States in 1999.
Most of this year's deaths and the 296 reported human cases have occurred in the South. Louisiana alone accounts for 147 illnesses and eight fatalities.
Dr. Lyle Petersen, a CDC expert on the virus, said it probably will always be worse in the South because warm weather means more mosquitoes.
"But outbreaks could eventually happen anywhere," he added.
Montana health officials on Thursday confirmed finding West Nile in a horse. New Mexico officials said two horses there were infected.
"I'm sure if we keep looking hard enough we'll find some more," said Thurman Reitz, assistant New Mexico state veterinarian. "I don't have any reason to think it's going to quit at the Texas border."
The virus can cause flu-like symptoms and encephalitis, a potentially fatal brain infection. Most people bitten by an infected bug never get sick.
The virus is most dangerous for children, the elderly and people with weak immune systems. There is no cure for humans.
West Nile is common in Africa and the Middle East. Since 1999, when the virus reached New York, mosquitoes have spread the virus south and west.
The CDC has repeatedly said the virus eventually will reach the West Coast.
"We fully expect that over time the virus will make it to the West. But the timing of that is unknown," Petersen said. "Whether it's this year or next year or the year after that is just a matter of conjecture."
Run Mongo RUN!

@_date: 1999-05-12 03:30:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Snowing them with science 
Just read an exchange on scent packets as possible evidence on hatfield.There are at least 2 cases led by scientific experts that led to wrong guilty verdicts in au.
1 was a case where flakes of paint obtained at a suspects house led to his conviction for murder.It was suggested at the trial a high force hurricane would be required to move the flakes into the suspects house.Turned out all the houses in the district had the same air borne flakes.Convicted killer was released.
The other case was Azaria Chamberlin's.Scientific evidence was later found to be mistaken and she was released.These are just 2 cases that I know of offhand in au.
The care and handling of scientific evidence is another contentious subject,it has also led to possible wrong verdicts,such as OJ's.To be on the safe side though, it may be wise to scrub up well,use 2 sets of gloves with lots of cayenne pepper and take lots of showers when sending anthrax letters.Also don't provide so much fucking text you drongo.

@_date: 1999-05-12 04:41:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Net Censorship. 
Portland Indy Censors Professor. (english)
profrv 8:54pm Thu Aug 22 '02
  article
A call to arms by a militant APster warrior and professor was pulled off the Portland IMC.
Is repression so bad now we have to censor ourselves?
Now as a comment...Why pull me off?
by pr 8:48pm Thu Aug 22 '02
If what I said was illeagal then so is spread betting,free market capitalism and the freaking internet.
 >>Subject: Presidential in Portland.
KILL the PRESIDENT!
by profrv 6:38pm Thu Aug 22 '02
And the next one and the next till they get the message...that you can fuck with some of the people some of the time but the day you try to fuck with all of the people all of the time is the day you wind up in a body bag or a pine box.Am I going to wack the shrub out? Physically that presents some problems as I live in au,however I will pledge to pay into a pooled fund that may be payed to the closest prediction of the permanent retirement of the shrub.Kinda like stiffs.com and,yes,APster or 'assassination politics.(my 2$)
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell."<<
Rubber bullets and Mace oh my! add your own comments

@_date: 1999-05-12 05:03:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bush is a major league International asshole. 
Japan's Foreign Minister Tanaka Calls Pez Bush "Totally An Asshole"
by repost 4:19pm Thu Aug 22 '02 (Modified on 5:09pm Thu Aug 22 '02)
Original article at  "On June 17, a day before Foreign Minister Makiko Tanaka would be meeting US Secretary of State Collin Powell, Ms. Tanaka visited German Town High School in Philadelphia where she studied for two years when she was a high school student.The alumnae of the high school gave Ms. Tanaka a grand welcome. She enjoyed a class reunion and talking with her old classmates. Ms. Tanaka did not accompany interpreters and stenographers. She made a remark about George Bush during her conversation with her classmates and her words will remain in the history of Japan's foreign ministers. When she entered the library, she sat in the same wooden chair she used when she was a student. She remarked, "I remember the smell of this chair. It has not changed at all." She was deep in sentimental memories of those days. Makiko Tanaka said, 'What I learned at this school was spiritualism based on religion, the principles of a simple life and love as well as peace. I learned how important it is to listen to others and express one's opinion. I have respected this principle throughout my entire life thus far." "Then, one classmate raised a political issue and said to her, "There is no scientific proof that the earth is warming and no legitimate reason why we need the 'star wars' missile defense system. Don't you think so?" Ms. Tanaka appreciated the question. In response to that question, Japan's Foreign Minister Makiko reportedly said, "I will definitely oppose the new missile defense plan proposed by President Bush. It is beyond my imagination that we need it." Ms. Tanaka's visit to Washington DC was agreed to by the US government after strenuous efforts by the Japanese government. The objective of her trip was to vindicate what she expressed about US foreign policies at meetings with her counterparts from other countries. She conveyed her messages of criticism about the foreign polices of the US government to them. She must have told them faithfully what she believed. Her address immediately caused problems in the Japanese political world. "During the conversation with her old classmates at the reception in German Town High School, The Weekly Post learned that Ms. Tanaka made a remark about George Bush, "He is totally an asshole" in English. The majority of her classmates seemed to support the Republican Party, however, they were critical about Mr. Bush's new missile defense plan. When Ms. Tanaka made this remark, the classmates in the room were reportedly excited.There has never been a statesman in Japanese history that called a US president, 'an asshole.'" --Weekly Post Editorial, 6/25/01
add your comment

@_date: 1999-05-12 05:05:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bush to be impeached for tax fraud? 
BUSH MAY HAVE EVADED TAXES ON SALE OF BASEBALL TEAM
By the Anonymous CPA
Published August 19, 2002
A review of George W. Bush’s 1998 tax return reveals that he reported the sale of his share of the Texas Rangers baseball team as a long term capital gain. As a result, he paid a tax on the more than $15 million proceeds at a tax rate of 20%, as opposed to the 39.6% rate on ordinary income. According to a press release dated June 18, 1998 from the Dallas Morning News, Bush paid $606,000 for about 1.8% of the team and became the managing general partner of B/R Rangers Associates, Ltd., a limited partnership that owned the team. Under the terms of the agreement, Mr. Bush was given an additional 10.2% of the proceeds as additional compensation if the team was sold. The incentive compensation became effective if the other partners received their entire investment back plus a 2% return per year.
The team was purchased for $86 million in 1989 and sold in 1998 for $250 million to Tom Hicks, a person with whom Bush had prior official business while governor. As reported by Tom Kruger in his July 16, 2002 article, Tom Hicks had a relationship with Mr. Bush that afforded Hicks the opportunity to use $9 billion of the University of Texas endowment fund without any accountability. The management fee to Hicks for investing the $9 billion could have exceeded the $250 million he paid for the Texas Rangers. In effect, Bush handed Hicks the money to buy the team as part of his official duties as governor.
In addition, the team received funding for the new stadium built by the City of Arlington. More than $150 million was funded by the City of Arlington with a new sales tax imposed on its citizens. The team leased the stadium from a development corporation that was exempt from any school district tax. The tax exemption directly reduced the lease cost to the team by a substantial amount. In addition, as governor, Mr. Bush supported legislation that would have reduced the team’s school tax by $920,000 if the team exercised its option to purchase the stadium. Furthermore, this proposed tax reduction would have benefited Bush in another entity in which he had an equity interest with some of the partners of the Texas Rangers.
As reported in the Houston Chronicle on April 22, 1997, “The tax reform bill supported by Gov. George W. Bush would have saved at least $2.5 million in school property tax for a company founded by Bush’s billionaire business partner and top campaign contributor, Richard Rainwater of Fort Worth.” Mr. Rainwater headed a public company that was a real estate investment trust traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Bush himself had 4,222 shares of this stock when he proposed the tax reduction that would have benefited this company, Crescent Real Estate Equities, by more than $2.5 million. This same company owned psychiatric hospitals throughout the country that were closed down because of scandalous and fraudulent activities as reported by 60 Minutes and various publications, all before the presidential election of 2000.
As if that was not enough, Bush’s policies as governor further benefited Crescent by:
1. Allowing it to receive an extra $10 million stadium tax for a sports stadium used by the Dallas Mavericks
2. The State of Texas sold three office blocks belonging to the teachers’ retirement fund—to Crescent—the sale of one block costing the pension fund system $44 million.
3. The trust fund for the Texas University Public School invested $20 million in Crescent during Bush’s first term as governor.
Mr. Bush sold his interest in Crescent through his “blind trust,” the Lone Star Trust. Lone Star’s trustee was Mr. Bush’s personal CPA, Robert A. McClesky. Bush’s shares in Crescent were sold at its peak of $40/share, yielding him proceeds of $168,800. Shortly after the sale, Crescent’s stock plunged to $21/share.
Besides the Harken transaction previously reported, Bush has had an excellent record in investing in rapidly appreciating assets. Prior to Harken, he had a rather miserable record of success. However, it is clear that his success was based upon more than normal market appreciation. His political influence before and after he became governor substantially contributed to his personal wealth. The question now rises as to whether this political influence reaches the level of public corruption.
Returning to the sale of the Texas Rangers, it is clear that Mr. Bush earned his additional 10% of the team by adding considerable value to the team because of his political influence. Incentive clauses such as the one granted to Bush are common for managing partners adding value to their partnerships; however, such incentive clauses exercised on behalf of a sitting governor, even if he was not governor when the agreement was written, raises some serious tax questions in addition to the question of public policy conflicts of interest.
According to IRS Revenue Procedure 93-27, “
The receipt of a partnership capital interest for services provided to or for the benefit of the partnership is taxable as compensation.” As most people know, compensation is taxed as ordinary income, subject to the highest tax rates; in this case 39.6%. Mr. Bush treated the incentive portion of his proceeds as long term capital gain, and accordingly reduced his tax liability by at least $2.4 million. Mr. Bush may defend this aggressive tax position by pointing to aggressive planning by his accountants and lawyers. This by itself may be subject to dispute, and even though it is likely that the IRS would treat this incentive payment as ordinary income, Bush could possibly look to his accountants and lawyers as a defense. However, there is a further problem. It involves Otto Kerner, governor of Illinois from 1961 to 1968.
In 1972, Gov. Kerner was convicted of income tax fraud for influencing public policy that benefited his holdings in a race track corporation. On the advice of his accountants, Gov. Kerner treated the proceeds ($180,000) of his race track stock as long term capital gain subject to the reduced tax. The U.S. Attorney, James Thompson, prosecuted Gov. Kerner for falsely treating these proceeds as a capital gain because Gov. Kerner’s public policies had a substantial effect on the appreciation of the stock. Gov. Kerner was a Democrat, and Mr. Thompson was appointed U.S. Attorney by President Nixon. Thompson later became governor of Illinois.
According to an IRS agent who worked on the Kerner case, the government’s theory was based on the idea that a true capital gain is based on the assumption that natural market forces enhance the value of the property sold. Natural market forces can include the legitimate contributions of managing partners. However, the government concluded, and the jury affirmed, the fact that people in official policy positions who enhance the value of their own property in whole or in part are guilty of a corrupt practice, and accordingly the gain is not capital gain. This is consistent with the theory behind giving tax incentives only for legitimate capital It is clear that former Gov. Bush had a clear incentive to affect public policy for his own benefit. In the Kerner case, Gov. Kerner was already a wealthy man, and the proceeds he received were not significant in relation to his net worth. In the case of former Gov. Bush, the at least $12 million incentive he received was the bulk of his liquid assets.
Many of the citizens of Illinois who supported Gov. Kerner were upset about this decision, according to the IRS agent involved. Gov. Kerner was not an active businessman, and many people have doubts that he would have directly affected public policy because of a relatively small holding he had in the race track company. Nevertheless, the jury held him to a higher standard because he was in a powerful public position. According to the IRS agent, if Gov. Kerner was convicted of tax fraud for his behavior relative to a passive holding of stock, Mr. Bush, as an active managing partner of the Texas Rangers, should at least be held to the same standard.
The question is, when will people say enough is enough. All these business and tax practices cannot be based on innocent coincidences.
add your comments

@_date: 1999-05-12 09:54:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dictator uses chemicals on own people. 
8:10 Update: More pepper spray
by devidas 8:25pm Thu Aug 22 '02 (Modified on 9:49pm Thu Aug 22 '02)
from the streets Calling from Broadway, an IMC reporter reports more pepper spray used on the crowd. He hands the phone to someone in the crowd: they just pushed a bunch of people and sprayed us. Its still going strong.
This is a link to a new AP newswire report on today's events. Quotes from a member of Cascadia Forest Alliance, and a Vietnam Vet who opposes war in Iraq.
This is a link to a new AP newswire report on today's events. Quotes from a member of Cascadia Forest Alliance, and a Vietnam Vet who opposes war in Iraq.

@_date: 1999-05-12 11:57:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Stasi UK. Style. 
'MI5 investigated Royle Family star'
Jason Deans
Wednesday August 21, 2002
Ricky Tomlinson
Clandestine operations by the secret services over the last 50 years are to be exposed in a new BBC series that will include disturbing details of the lengths to which MI5 went to track Royle Family actor Ricky Tomlinson.
Confirming many conspiracy theories, the BBC2 documentary, True Spies, will show how government operatives infiltrated political groups, trade unions and media organisations
Tomlinson, a former trade union activist, and the former Marxist Tariq Ali are among those confronted on camera by True Spies presenter Peter Taylor with evidence they featured in Special Branch and MI5 files.
"All the conspiracy theories about the security services tapping phones and so on that we all dismissed turned out to be true," said Mr Taylor, whose credits include a number of award-winning documentaries about Northern Ireland and most recently the Iranian embassy siege.
"They infiltrated everyone and everything, even Fleet Street and the BBC. The files they had were vast."
It is known MI5 targeted BBC journalists in the 1970s - "subversive" journalists had files marked with little Christmas trees and BBC management submitted the names of journalists for vetting.
But Taylor's documentary shows the extent of the secret service's "In some cases there was justification for what they did, but in many cases there was absolutely no justification whatsoever. They infiltrated things like Friends of the Earth and the anti-asbestos campaign. If you went on a CND demo, you could have ended up with a file," he said.
"When I asked them 'what threat did organisations like this pose?', they said 'you never know until you find out'."
Mr Taylor said he had not been allowed access to the files, but had interviewed a number of Special Branch officers for True Spies.
Special Branch agents working undercover would infiltrate organisations in order to spy on their activities for MI5.
Mr Taylor said both Tomlinson and Mr Ali were visibly shocked when confronted on camera with evidence that they had been the subject of secret service investigations.
In the case of Mr Ali, a Special Branch undercover agent had infiltrated a leftwing organisation to which he belonged and made a copy of the office key so the secret service could gain access.
Within the BBC in the 1970s and 1980s the secret services were particularly interested in the activities of broadcasting unions such as Bectu and the ACT, according to Mr Taylor.
"When I asked about the BBC the interviewee said they had an inside source who told them about potential militants," Mr Taylor said.
He added that the BBC no longer had an MI5 liaison officer who vetted employees and famously put the christmas tree-like signs on their files if they were thought to pose a potential threat to national security.
"That post is no longer filled. I think it stopped in the early or mid-1990s," Mr Taylor said.
Telegraph version.

@_date: 1999-05-12 22:47:13
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Attn Architects. 
Edification, not edifices
By Phillip Adams
August 24, 2002
DURING rites of national passage, we colonials discuss the appropriateness of the Australian flag. Is it right to leave the Union Jack stuck in the corner, like a postage stamp on a letter addressing our thoughts back to Britain? Or is it time to do something analogous to Canada, perhaps a eucalyptic counterpart to its maple leaf?
During the bicentenary, any number of brave and bold alternatives were proposed, including . . . a Dicky's towel. It was my suggestion that we unfurl a well-worn, rather frayed Dicky's on which could be seen the oily imprint of a basted sunbather, the body impressed on the fabric like the image of Jesus on the Shroud of Turin.
But I had to acknowledge that Mike Leunig's idea was better. What he wanted to see, waving proudly in the wind, was a sheet of galvo. Specifically, rusty galvo. Here, for the first time in history, was a flag that wouldn't need any wind to flutter in. Mike's galvanised effort would remain tumescent on even a windless day.
But Leunig isn't the only person to have put galvo up the flagpole to see who saluted. The architect Glenn Murcutt is as much a man of iron as the sainted Ned Kelly or those muscular young men who run around in Kellogg's Nutri-Grain commercials. While others agonise over the national identity as it's expressed in film, theatre, poetry or painting, Murcutt tries to keep the flag flying – the galvo flag – in architecture.
And because he's chosen to build houses rather than corporate HQs or five-star hotels (Murcutt expresses a strong preference for the horizontal over the vertical) he's done a lot less damage to the landscape than most in his profession. Which is one of the reasons he was recently anointed the 2002 Pritzker architecture prize laureate. No small thing, given that it was brought into being to "fill a hole" in the Nobel prizes.
Murcutt's latest accolade led to a brief encounter on the stage of the Sydney Town Hall. I was asked to interview him on his career in front of a live audience, and we were astonished when 1500 people turned up, thus proving that architecture is increasingly significant in public debate.
Just between us, architects worry me. Too many of the best and brightest recall the central character in Ayn Rand's The Fountainhead, being almost fascist in their authoritarianism. One Australian example (I won't mention his name because he's notoriously litigious) was responsible for one of our most important buildings and, on its completion, issued instructions for all who worked within. No one on the premises would be permitted to put anything personal in their workspace. The great man would choose the knick-knacks that would go on his desks in his offices in his building. I learned this in a letter from one of his victims complaining that she felt as if she were working in a prison.
Like ambitious generals or Machiavellian bureaucrats, architects have always needed powerful patrons. They've attached themselves to pharaohs or kings or popes or tycoons or, like Albert Speer to Hitler, to dictators. Architects see themselves at the top of the cultural food chain. Not only do their buildings dwarf all other works of art – making them hard to avoid – but they're almost invariably an expression of cultural, political, religious or financial dominance.
Yet architects, for all their self-importance, are mendicants to and boosters of the mighty. They are lap dogs to the top dogs in any given society. Murcutt is fortunate to escape this world of the all powerful. Unlike Speer, he doesn't need to be a Uriah Heep to a madman or to the other little Hitlers who, all too often, run companies or countries. He's one of the handful of architects, along with Frank Lloyd Wright, who's better known for buildings of a more domestic scale.
Since Imhotep built that massive tomb for Zoser, a 5th-dynasty pharoah, famous architects have been linked with the mighty buildings – pyramids, palaces, parliaments, town halls, basilicas and skyscrapers – of the mighty.
In historical terms, of course, these are the buildings that last. The igloo, as elegant a shape as an egg, tends to melt. The Tambaran houses of Papua New Guinea, built from leaves and branches, quickly rot in the tropical conditions. And the homes of ancient Romans and Greeks weren't as durable as the marble temples. Like the wolf huffing and puffing at the homes of the three little pigs, time huffs and puffs at the houses of humanity and they are lost forever.
So if Murcutt has noble predecessors, we don't know their names. Yet their rewards have been significant, principally the avoidance of political or ideological brutalism. And if you want to think how political architecture can be, think of the immense controversies that raged over the recent rebuilding of Berlin, and at the growing controversy in New York over what to do at ground zero. Where, as in the attempt to destroy the Pentagon, architectural and cultural symbolism were turned against themselves. Should New Yorkers get their old skyline back, as many of them want? I put this question to Murcutt. And he answered by talking about the monument to the Americans who died in the Vietnam War – that great diagonal slab of black marble covered with an endless list of names. He regarded it as miraculous the design had survived the disapproval it attracted. Horizontal rather than vertical. Grim rather than romantic. Murcutt would like to see something similar replace the World Trade Centre. But given Manhattan real estate prices, don't hold your breath.
Murcutt's designs echo the feelings of the simple buildings he knew in PNG as a child or saw on Australian farms after his family had moved here. And that's where much of his work began, as extrapolations from barns and shearing sheds into houses that are open to the environment, the scenery, the wind. Some of his buildings sit in the landscape quite assertively, like windmills in a paddock. But others seem to hide, as camouflaged as bush critters.
Well done, Glenn Murcutt. Long may your galvo flag flutter.
Well done also jya for recent expose and Cryptome,a shining cypherpunk light on the hill.

@_date: 1999-05-12 22:58:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Nation on probation. 
The law is an One out of every 32 adults in US either in jail, on parole
One out of every 32 adults in the United States is either in jail, on parole or on probation, the US Justice Department's Bureau of Justice Statistics says.
The Justice Department says the total correctional population in the country in 2001 was approaching two million men and women, or 3.1 per cent of the nation's adult population.
Those on parole have been released from prison before their sentences expired on condition of future correct behaviour and remain under supervision.
Probation is the suspension of the sentence of a person convicted but not yet imprisoned for a crime on condition of good behaviour and regular reporting to a probation officer.
Documents show Govt knew 'Pacific solution' costs disproportionate
A $90 million package to house asylum seekers on the Pacific island of Nauru was drawn up by Australia less than two weeks after the controversial Tampa incident a year ago.
Documents issued yesterday show the Nauru package, estimated to cost that amount for six months, acknowledges some costs for processing the Tampa asylum seekers would be two to four times higher than in Australian.
A total of 434 Afghan asylum seekers and four Indonesian crew were rescued from their foundering boat by the Norwegian container ship Tampa near Christmas Island, in August last year.
When Australia refused to allow them to land, New Zealand agreed to accept 150 people for processing, and Nauru offered to take the rest.
This was the start of the 'Pacific solution', widely criticised by human rights advocates.
Nauru President Rene Harris has since labelled the Australian Government's policy of turning away all boat people from the mainland a "Pacific The Prime Minister has again been greeted by protesters outside a Liberal Party function in Adelaide.
About 100 protesters waving placards and chanting slogans flanked the entrance to Adelaide's Festival Theatre, where Mr Howard was due to address a gathering of the party faithful. The protesters heckled guests as they arrived for the function, with mounted police on stand-by.  Mr Howard was about to have a repeat of his arrival at Adelaide University, where he was pelted with rubbish, and was ushered in through a side door.
A judge on an inspection visit to a Brazilian jail discovered a straw scarecrow dressed in police uniform on the watchtower "guarding" some 735 inmates, police said on Friday.
The judge removed the scarecrow, which had apparently been staffing the watchtower for days and took it to the court as evidence.
Police have opened an investigation.
"It is considered a grave breach of security rules," a police spokesman said, adding that a prison guard or a police officer should have been on the tower at all times.
The Taubate Provisional Detention Center for prisoners awaiting trial near Brazil's biggest city of Sao Paulo was opened at the end of last year and has already had one publicised escape via an underground tunnel.
Brazil's prison system is plagued with breakouts and violent riots due to extreme overcrowding, lack of funds and poor pay for prison officers. Toto and the wizard of OZ escaped earlier this year.

@_date: 1999-05-12 23:12:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Curse you Boston. 
POLITICAL REPRESSION  Aug 23 2002
  The Execution of Sacco & Vanzetti: 75 Years Later
When Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti were put to death on August 23, 1927, radical America wept. Despite the dedication of people from Emma Goldman to Albert Einstein and demonstrations from Paris to Portugal, the worldwide fight to save the two Italian immigrants had failed.
Accused of a 1920 robbery, the anarchists were tried amidst the xenophobic and anti-leftist sentiments of Palmer-raid United States. They sat before an admittedly biased judge and were convicted contrary to evidence of their innocence. In the years following, the Sacco-Vanzetti trial became the best example of radicals in the U.S. being railroaded for their political beliefs.
New Yorkers will mark the trial with a 5 p.m. memorial in Union Square on Friday. On Thursday, a teach-in a teach-in was also held.
[ The Red Scares: Then & Now | A Contemporary View of the Trial and Aftermath | Infoshop.org's Sacco and Vanzetti Memorial ]
1977 -- US: Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis proclaims
"Nicola Sacco & Bartolomeo Vanzetti Day" on the 50th anniversary
of their death.
See Heroes & Martyrs: Emma Goldman, Sacco & Vanzetti, & the
Revolutionary Struggle, an audio CD by Howard Zinn.
 >"What Need Be Said" by David Wieck
 >Italian Anarchism in America: An Historical Background
to the Sacco-Vanzetti Case by Paul Avrich
 >La Salute é in Voi: the Anarchist Dimension by Robert D'Attilio
 >The Idea of Boston: Some Literary Responses to the Sacco-Vanzetti
Case by Daniel Aaron
 >The Governor Dukakis Proclamation
all at: 1927 -- Nicola Sacco & Bartolomeo Vanzetti, Italian-born anarchist
labor militants, executed in the electric chair
Judge Webster Thayer, during the
Sacco-Vanzetti episode, was heard to boast while
playing golf,
"Did you see what I did to those anarchistic bastards?"
They are subjects of many songs, poems & books.

@_date: 1999-05-12 23:18:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrubs chickens come home to roost. 
Don't hate the media,become the media.
"...I was at the speech. The protester (Ian Goldsmith)was a member of the SSTC (Stockton Save the Trees Coalition). He jumped up during Bush's speech in his tree costume (see photo) and began singing "don't cut me down" to the tune of the Beatle's song "Don't let me down". He was able to yell "Tree Butcher!" "Trees are people too!" and "Boycott Wood!" before being carried away by the Secret Service Goons.
I don't know what happened afterwards because I had to go and bail Ian out of jail.
Bush and the Chickens (english)
stockton 2:16pm Fri Aug 23 '02
  comment
Good for you Ian and we wish you all the best of luck in the struggle for what is Right!
We watched on TV and it happened in the middle of Bush's chicken ramblings.
Seems Russia reneged on a deal with US to buy chickens.
Then, according to Bush, the Russians agreed to deal and buy the chickens. Bush attributed this to our unique ability to unite and work together.
(leaving the impression that one cannot do business with the Russians - or the Russians are backstabbers.)
But my question remained unanswered - Why did the Russians not want our wonderful chickens? After all China wants our Rice. Columbia wants our coffee. Cuba wants our sugar and the world cannot live without our pineapples. Soon we will be shipping snow 'made in USA' to Siberia!
Either or, end of story.
Seems Russia rejected the chickens because of Health and Safety issue. (could it be e-coli?)
USA backed down and agreed to tighten regulations to satisfy their requirements - and that is why the deal was finally consummated.
Did you noticed that the males behind him on the podium, except for the mayor, were not wearing ties, in open shirts.
My theory - to give the impression that Stockton is full of a bunch of farm yodels who worry about the size of tomatoes.
I love this town. I love its diversity. Bush's stereotyping is an insult to the people.
"We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all human beings irrespective of race, color , or sex, are born with the equal right to share at the table of life" - Emma Goldman
(and that goes for the TREES and the animals too)

@_date: 1999-05-13 00:02:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The economy,shrubs 'credibility',major reasons for war,WTF!? 
Jim Bell in 04.
Buy this magazine or we shoot this dog Dept.
Buy our war to save those dogs,speaking of dogs...
Am I mirroring JOrlinn Grabbe? How clever of you to notice! He is supermans uncle isn't he?

@_date: 1999-05-13 00:10:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: DEW on AWE 
And GM modded animals,EU sugar dumping.
See also this ENS coverage
The AWE Aldermaston Site Development Strategy Plan
Public information leaflet on development of the Atomic Weapons Establishment site at Aldermaston in England, in preparation for production of 'next generation' nuclear armaments ( AWE )
See also this blog entry from June
Animal Biotechnology: Identifying Science-Based Concerns
Report on the threat to the environment posed by the introduction of genetically engineered animals into wild populations ( NAP )
The Great EU Sugar Scam (PDF)
NGO briefing paper on gross inequities in the world sugar market - 'Under the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), the EU has emerged as the world's largest exporter of white sugar. Subsidies and tariffs generate vast profits for big sugar processors and large farmers - and vast surpluses that are dumped on world markets. Smallholder farmers and agricultural labourers in poor countries suffer the consequences' ( Oxfam )
See also this press release, this Guardian coverage (1) (2), and this blog entry from April
Other interestin' stuff and LINKS

@_date: 1999-05-13 00:47:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Blame RSA 
Net surfers refuse to stay between Beijing's flags
August 24 2002
New official Net cafes offering only restricted Web access don't have the allure of unrestricted pirate cafes, writes Hamish McDonald from Beijing.
There is a lull mid-afternoon in the Internet cafe in Yanjiao, a fast-growing dormitory city of new apartment blocks and shopping malls an hour's drive outside the Chinese capital.
Only one web-surfer, a shirtless teenager with spikey hair dyed flamingo pink and tattoos on his shoulder, is still at his screen. Three friends lie sprawled asleep across chairs. But soon the sound of gunfire and explosions from the game of Counter-Strike he is playing, arouses the sleeping surfers. One by one, they log on and join in the interlinked combat simulation.
As evening approaches, all 60 computer booths fill up with teenagers and young people. A girl in a chic sundress and pale lipstick puts on headphones and joins an online chatroom. Her friends have gone out to buy snacks for the evening. "What time is the last bus back to Beijing?" she calls out to a staff member.
Officially, this cafe is closed, like all the others across Yanjiao that have "Closed for Rectification" signs in their windows. But, entered through a neighbouring shopfront and up some backstairs, the cafe is all systems go: every seat occupied, in some cases by boy and girl pairs, and air-conditioners struggling to cope with the fug of cigarette smoke and 60 young bodies.
Yanjiao had a brief moment of fame last Sunday when the Beijing Youth Daily newspaper ran a front page article that showed it as a kind of Nevada for Nerds, where students from Beijing flocked for all-night benders on the Net, attracted by its low charges (two yuan or 45 cents an hour) and anything-goes atmosphere.
Police raids followed on Monday but, within a day, it was business as usual in many Internet cafes.
The Chinese Government's campaign to rectify the fast-growing Internet of "unhealthy" and subversive content, most recently using the pretext of a tragic fire at an unlicensed Net cafe in June that killed 25 young people, is meeting resistance at several levels.
On one level, it comes from frustrated young surfers such as those at Yanjiao, who mostly access games and chatrooms, who don't have access to the Web at home (China has about 16 million Internet-linked computers, but an estimated 45 million regular surfers), and who can't afford the higher fees (around eight yuan an hour) at the few registered cafes.
At another level, the issue is engaging human-rights activists. A petition circulating Beijing is calling for freedom of the Web, and it has been signed by about 200 prominent intellectuals, including the Tiananmen activist Liu Xiaobo. The New York-based group Human Rights Watch has criticised Western Internet service providers, such as Yahoo!, which have signed a "Public Pledge on Self-Discipline for the Chinese Internet Industry" promoted by Beijing in March. About 300 local and foreign companies have also signed the pledge.
In a letter to Yahoo! Human Rights Watch executive director Kenneth Roth  "Yahoo! would be seen in China and around the world not so much as a portal offering access to new ideas, but as a gatekeeper for an oppressive government." The company has not yet responded.
New regulations for the Internet have been drafted by a panel from four ministries and approved by the State Council (the cabinet). An official in the Ministry of Culture said the new rules would be promulgated in two weeks.
Just what the authorities have in mind can be seen at one of the 30 registered Net cafes allowed to open in Beijing over the past month, in place of the estimated 2400 licensed and unlicensed cafes operating before the June fire.
The Internet-Coffee centre in Hongmiao is new and spacious, with well-marked fire escapes and safety equipment. Mostly young men play war games such as Counter-Strike and it has a military theme.
Customers register by showing identity cards, under-18s are not allowed (except between 8am and 9pm on national holidays), and the centre shuts from midnight to 8am.
Rules posted on the wall list information on bans: porn and violence, anything deemed "splittist" (ie pro-Taiwan, or supporting separatism), subversive of the communist regime or socialism, or anything "damaging the reputation of state organs".
Another rule requires Net cafe proprietors to keep a log of every site accessed by each customer for 60 days, and to make it available to security The computers are brand new. But they have one unusual feature: not one has an a:/ drive or CD portal, meaning customers cannot bring in their own storage discs to upload information on to the Net, or download to them either.
By eliminating the anonymity of the Net cafe and preventing publication on the Net of documents, the authorities clearly hope to suppress the subversive potential of the World Wide Web.
You RSA ho's will pay one day.

@_date: 1999-05-13 00:54:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Military mass murderers to start dumping at sea? 
It worked quite well for white South Africa and may have been widely used in East Timor and Argentina,whats wrong with trad mass graves?
It's about Spain so there may be some spittle spray from long time trot lunatic jamesd.Switch and bait?
By Giles Tremlett
August 24 2002
More than 60 years after one of Europe's bloodiest civil wars, campaigners believe Spain will set up a truth commission to find out what happened to the tens of thousands of people who disappeared after being arrested by Franco's rebel forces.
The commission was one of the demands made at the United Nations this week by a group of relatives of the disappeared. They also want the government to dig up and identify the corpses of 30,000 people believed to have been summarily executed by Franco's followers and buried in mass graves.
The campaigners took their case to the UN's working group on forced disappearances after Spanish judges and the People's Party government refused to start the search for the bodies.
Santiago Macias, of the Association for the Recovery of Historic Memory, said: "This is like the victims of Pinochet in Chile or those of Videla in "We know who the assassins were but in this case we are not after them. What we want is the historic truth."
Something jamesd is shit scared of.

@_date: 1999-05-13 01:52:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Et tu Blogus? 
TaramaniaWired News: "They're already calling her the Weblog Candidate." Tara Grubb gets some more good publicity. Props to Paul Boutin, the writer, for processing a lot of complex information quickly. I think the story is a little short on the Weblog angle, actually, but I understand that Wired needed to do some remedial work for people who haven't been following the whole P2P issue (which, by the way, I will revisit in my N&R column on Sunday.)Boutin notes that the digital rights issue will follow the chairmanship of Coble's subcommittee to another district, so that running against the man may be "futile." But it's not futile, there's a bigger picture. The next chairman is going to be in the bloglight from day one. Both the entertainment industry's dollars and the weblog network will follow the issue to that representative and his/her opponents. P2P is almost certainly not going to knock off Howard Coble , but that's not the point. The weblog has moved from talk to action.Using the Internet for politics is not new, and in Tara Grubb's case the weblog network may be a meaningful but not revolutionary step in the development of Web activism. But there is something else going on that may prove more important than the Berman-Coble bill: Tara Grubb has a weblog of her own. Unmediated, instantaneous, regularly updated, one-to-many-to-one communication from a candidate for the United States House of Representatives. Others candidates will surely follow.And others will surely not. Blogs are tools, not toys, and somebody could end a political career pretty damn fast by letting out some 2 AM brainfart onto the Web. Politicians will have to be careful with their weblogs...and yet the immediacy of the medium might allow some candidates to be less concerned with looking perfect every moment. A talented weblogger in a tight race, connecting to bloggers everywhere, is going to win an election, soon
JimBell in 04.

@_date: 1999-05-13 02:26:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CNN Lies. 
CIA scrambles to catch up
By Richard Reeves
BILL Harlow, who is the spokesman for the Central Intelligence Agency, an organization that rarely speaks and is even more rarely forthcoming, is apparently one of the more candid of his breed.
Last weekend he was called by Judith Miller of the New York Times and asked why CNN rather than the CIA was able to find 250 videotapes, somewhere in Afghanistan, that seem to be an authentic archive of the terrorist activities of al-Qaida before the Sept. 11 bombing of the World Trade Center.
Said Harlow: ``There are more of them in Afghanistan than there are of us, and they are paid better.''
Mercifully, the Times used the quote in the 32nd paragraph of its report on dogs being gassed and men making bombs, some of them in training films for terrorists. People in the White House are too busy to read long stories, so the president's spokesman, Ari Fleischer, spinning like a top, could say that the important thing about the tapes and stories was that: ``This is a good reminder to the people of the world that these are the type of people that we are facing in the war on terrorism.''
That's true, these are bad people, but we knew that and were talking about it already. What was more striking and known to few people, including presidents, was the CIA's admission that journalism, even television journalism, often and publicly presents a better picture of the world as it is than do our intelligence agencies. Sometimes it seems that the CIA's top-secret multi-multibillion-dollar budget exists to allow high officials in both the White House and Congress to answer questions about, say Iraq, with a wink: ``If you knew what we knew, you wouldn't question what we are saying and doing.''
Over the years, I have asked three presidents, a vice president, and a dozen or so well-placed members of Congress whether they got more information from the intelligence agencies than from the New York Times. All of them, except for new members of intelligence committees in the Senate and the House, who are dazzled by their first ``top secret'' briefings, answered, ``The Times.'' Bill Clinton gave that answer, saying that every once in a while the CIA scooped the newspapers, particularly on matters of timing. ``Sometimes,'' he said, while he was still in office, ``the CIA was about 24 hours ahead of the press or interpreted events The point here is not that the press is so great. In fact, the weakness of the press was almost certainly a factor in the nation's ignorance about the looming dangers of organizations like al-Qaida around the world. With the decline of the Soviet Union and communism itself, and the rise of budget-cutters and profit-maximizers at newspapers and television news organizations, American news operations called home their correspondents in Asia, Africa and even in Europe.
The theory (or rationale) was that the world could be covered by ``parachuting'' correspondents from New York or London into the war or outrage of the week, into massacres and natural disasters. The background of the parachuters often was no more than a briefing on how to pronounce or spell the names in the news. Most of the film we saw on television during those years came from British or other foreign sources, which was the reason channel-surfers moving from one news show to another saw the same pictures everywhere over the voices of different anchormen and the parachuters.
Harwood, of the CIA, as candid as he may be, still suffers from having lousy intelligence on the news business. CNN, in fact, has only 10 people in Afghanistan. The CIA, which refuses to talk about such things (in the name of national security), probably has hundreds working in and on Afghanistan -- and some of them are probably being paid more than they're MORE ON
"Yes, We Censored News About Afghanistan"
The Lapdog Conversion of CNN
by Kurt Nimmo
In an August 15 news item carried by Press Gazette Online, Rena Golden, the executive vice-president and general manager of CNN International, admitted censoring news regarding the US war in Afghanistan. This censorship, she explained, "wasn't a matter of government pressure, but a reluctance to criticize anything in a war that was obviously supported by the vast majority of the people."
How exactly the American public are expected to judge the validity of the US war in Afghanistan--and, indeed, the entire war on terrorism--when news organizations refuse to provide crucial information is not explained. In essence, Golden admits public opinion is cast by one source--the government--and the media has essentially abrogated its responsibility to provide additional, even contrary information on these momentous issues.
Additionally, CNN New Delhi chief Satinder Bindra said many journalists pushed "harder than they should for a story," thus endangering the lives of other journalists covering the war from Afghanistan and Pakistan. Bindra did not comment on how exactly journalists might be expected to receive information for their stories, or what precisely constitutes pushing "harder than they should." Maybe Bindra expects them to remain ensconced in their Islamabad hotel rooms and wait patiently for the news to arrive by courier? Or stay in Washington and rely on Donald Rumsfeld as their only While many journalists complained about military imposed censorship during the Persian Gulf War a decade ago, it now appears the corporate media has decided on its own to censor the news without external limitation imposed by the Pentagon. In other words, the corporate media has in essence become a rather short-sighted and assentive propaganda organ for the Bush administration. Remarkably, they attribute this lapdog conversion to a desire not to offend public opinion, which they arrogantly assume is entirely monolithic. It would seem CNN is now the official government news As official Bush administration propaganda mills, CNN and other corporate news networks have obsequiously agreed to a White House demand not to broadcast unedited remarks by Usama bin Laden. The White House wasted no time in exacting likewise from newspapers in regard to print transcripts. "In a bizarre and unprecedented move," Veronica Forwood, chairwoman of the British branch of Reporters without Borders, remarked, "the five major networks--CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS and Fox News Channel--have rolled over and acquiesced to the call for censorship from the US president's security adviser Condoleeza Rice."
During the Persian Gulf War, however, things were different--some of the media did not so easily roll over and play dead like a dog straight out of obedience school. In 1991, Harper's, The Village Voice, The Nation, and others sued, claiming government censorship was a violation of the First Amendment. Predictably, the major corporate newspapers and TV networks refused to join the lawsuit. Instead, as now, they simply ingratiated themselves with the Pentagon and dutifully spoon-fed the public censored and heavily excised information (if not outright lies and fabrications). The lawsuit was eventually dismissed by a judge who didn't want to touch it with a ten-foot pole. It would seem the media of decades past was made of brawnier stuff than the media of today.
John MacArthur, publisher of Harper's Magazine, wistfully entertained the idea of suing again, but he was less than sanguine about the prospect. "We might sue again, some small lawsuits, some civil libertarians may do so, but it's hopeless," he told the German journalist Gerti Schoen back in September. "This will be the most censored war in history... It won't just be censorship, but silence." While we have not exactly received complete silence, the news trickling out of Afghanistan is, to say the least, highly stage managed and tilted for a world of spin.
So confident is the Pentagon corporate media resides in its hip pocket that back in December they dropped a requirement demanding journalists covering Afghanistan be part of an exclusive and authorized group, otherwise known as a "press pool." The press pool concept was devised in 1983 when the US invaded Grenada. It was updated in 1991 during the Persian Gulf War after publishers such as MacArthur began murmuring about military censorship. The relaxation of the press pool rules in December, however, did not prevent the military from denying journalists access to the war zone. On December 6, when American troops were hit by a stray bomb north of Kandahar, photojournalists were locked in a warehouse by Marines to make sure they didn't take pictures of wounded soldiers.
More recently, media access to the Uruzgan wedding massacre was sharply curtailed. When journalists in Kabul submitted a request to join press officers at the Bagram air base--in order to travel by helicopter to the site--they were steadfastly denied permission by the military. Only two journalists traveled with US investigators to villages near Deh Rawud--one was a reporter from the US armed forces newspaper Stars and Stripes and the other was cameraman from the Associated Press Television Network. The chief US media officer at Bagram, Colonel Roger King, told those left behind they would have no right of access to the pool reporters' work. King's statement was a contradiction of the Pentagon's own press pool guidelines. As a result of this decision, it took four days for information about the Uruzgan wedding massacre to be made public. Allegations were later leveled by United Nations workers, accusing the military of changing the press pool rules in order to limit access to the area and thus destroy evidence, a charge the Pentagon naturally denied.
But the Pentagon's war against media coverage in Afghanistan is not limited to reporters and news crews on the ground. In October, as the brass busily prepared for war, they used public money, at the none too shabby tune of $2 million per month, to secure exclusive rights to all new high-quality commercial spy satellite images of Afghanistan. During a policy debate on the release of satellite imagery, the idea was floated that the Pentagon might shoot down the commercial satellites if they were not allowed to control the images. Regardless, in December the Pentagon decided not to continue the exclusive contract. Considering CNN's recent admission of tailoring news in deference to the sensitivities of the American people, access to satellite photography is a moot point--chances are they would not publish them anyway.
It would seem Americans need to be protected from the harsh realities of war--or, more likely, as in the case of Vietnam, their visceral abhorrence to it--when it comes to documentaries, as well. When Irish director Jamie Doran released his controversial documentary--Massacre in Mazar--in Europe, not one major US newspaper or television network covered the story, which essentially resulted in a news black out in the United States. Doran's film documents the aftermath of the massacre of hundreds of Taliban fighters at the Mazar-i-Sharif prison Qala-i-Jangi. In the documentary, dead prisoners are shown with hands tied behind their backs. Eyewitnesses describe the torture and slaughter of some 3,000 prisoners who were subsequently buried in the desert. While the Pentagon has denied any complicity in the torture and massacre of the POWs, many European parliamentary deputies and human rights advocates have called for an independent investigation into the atrocities. The human rights lawyer Andrew McEntee said it is "clear there is prima facie evidence of serious war crimes committed not just under international law, but also under the laws of the United States itself." Nonetheless, CNN, Fox, NBC, CBS, et al, decided not to run coverage of the film or announce the possibility of an investigation. Much later, however, when the massacre story simply became too high profile to ignore, it did receive a degree of limited coverage in the United States.
Fortunately, the press in Britain and Europe has an excellent track record of covering stories the US media have consistently (and deliberately) ignored at the behest of the Pentagon and the Bush administration. Thanks to the Internet, these stories can be read by Americans without access to foreign newspapers. Both the Guardian and the UK Independent carry alternative news (available via the Web)--and also carry reports and editorials by award winning journalists such as Robert Fisk and John Pilger. These are news stories and opinions The NY Times would never touch.
We no longer live in a world of hermetically sealed information. For those Americans thirsty for truth--and who do not take kindly to their news being sanitized and rubber stamped by the Pentagon and unelected presidents--there are more than a few sources out there.
Kurt Nimmo is a photographer and multimedia developer in Las Cruces, New Mexico. He can be reached at: nimmo at zianet.com
Link:

@_date: 1999-05-13 02:34:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Police Insanity sparks riot in Nth Minn. 
MPD Bullet Hits Black Flesh Again in North Minneapolis by Christopher Loch contempla at riseup.net
Minneapolis Police staged an apparent drug raid executing a "high risk warrant" in North Minneapolis Thursday night. Allegedly a pitbull attacked a police officer after they initiated the raid. The officer then fired at the dog killing it. A richochet off the ground from the police fire wounded an 11 year old boy. Then a large number of neighborhood residents angered that yet another African American had been shot by the MPD in a short period of time hit the streets. They confronted the police and the mainstream media present.
The police pulled out of the neighborhood after a large number of people hit the streets, allegedly throwing bottles and chunks of concrete. Channel 29 Fox News reported that a few reporters were sent to the hospital after being beaten by a crowd, and that damage had been done to media vehicles, including one vehicle that was burned.
As to why the mainstream media would have been targeted, one might speculate that their often blatantly biased reporting in favor of the police--frequently omitting information that would lead the public to question the police's actions--has led to frustration. Apparently such frustration blew up tonight.
The mainstream media coverage also included an interview with one of the white reporters who was apparently trapped in his vehicle by a crowd, but was not injured. The reporter described fearing for his life. The anchor went on to repeat that the reporter feared for his life several times during the coverage. The coverage did not venture to say if the people inside the house that the police raided (no doubt with guns drawn and with masks on) feared for their lives, or if the boy who was shot feared for his Indeed, coverage of the situation on Fox News went out of its way to be the PR arm of the MPD, assuming that the police were justified in all of their actions. Police spokespeople were interviewed. The coverage also showed men and women from the community in the streets shouting, but it did not offer them the opportunity to be heard. Nor did it interview any community spokespeople who might have expressed the feelings of the community. Instead it preferred to juxtapose "reasonable white folks" (this phrase was not stated, but it was definitely implied) with "rioting" African Americans.
On Fox News and on CBS affiliate WCCO's website channel4000 the wound inflicted on the 11 year old boy was referred to as "not life threatening". They also mentioned that the boy was expected to make a "good recovery". At the same time, they acted very differently expressing great concern when describing the reporters' injuries--which were also not life threatening.
Michelle Gross account
I was on the scene last night/this morning until about 1:00 a.m. and wrote the report below as soon as I got home. This is the third shooting of a Black person in Minneapolis in as many weeks (Martha Donald, Terrell Oliver, and now this youth).
We talked to many folks last night, including a number of witnesses to the incident. People were/are righteously angry. Some folks were throwing chunks of concrete at passing cars (I've got three new dings on my car as souveniers) to prove it. People are just worn out of the endless daily harassment by police, who drive by and shout racist comments at them, flip them off, etc. as well as the cop's blatant disregard of the lives of Black folks. One woman told us that her 14-year-old son had just got beaten up yesterday by police for no real reason and when she called to complain to the precinct captain, he hung up on her. Last night, she was in her yard, not far from the shooting, when cops taunted her from the street. She started telling them off when one of them told her she can't talk to them that way. She cited her First Amendment rights and they told her that people like her don't have First Amendment rights. There were many other examples of cops messing with people, as they always do in one of these incidents. Clearly, they were trying to provoke a certain response from the One last thought before posting my report. Some folks were attacking passersby indiscriminantly. This is always a possibility in a situation like this. However, they also landed some of their best licks on folks who well deserve it, like the mainstream media. No doubt, the media is already poor-mouthing about how could people be angry at us, we just want to report the truth, etc. According to what I've read, the media is already portraying the community members as out of control, animals, etc. My feeling is that while the people didn't always pick the right targets, they certainly had the right sentiment. We need to be ready to stand with the people because there will be a backlash. I would encourage folks who want to be involved to get to our meeting on Saturday at 1:30 p.m. at 2104 Stevens Ave in Minneapolis.
Now, my report from last night:
Communities United Against Police Brutality URGENT UPDATE August 22/23, 2002
********************************************** Some of us returned just a little while ago from the scene of yet another police shooting in North Minneapolis. This time, police shot a 10-year-old boy. They claimed that the dog whose leash the young man was holding came at them and when they shot the dog, a bullet ricocheted off the sidewalk and hit the boy. Luckily, the young man is still alive.
We talked to a number of witnesses and their version is somewhat different from the cop's version. First of all, it was acknowledged by a number of people including the man who owned the dog, that the dog was obedience trained and a friendly dog who had never bitten anyone. Second, several people stated that the dog had been shot at least three times--once in the shoulder, once in the abdomen and once in a forepaw. Third, police claimed on the news that they came to the house to serve a warrant but folks who saw the incident said they came out of a police van with guns drawn and that as soon as the door was opened, the cops opened fire on the dog. Some folks indicated that police actually dragged the 10-year-old out of his house after the shooting (possibly to make it seem as if he was outside at the time of the shooting).
After the shooting, the situation in the neighborhood became quite intense. We saw a media van that was wrecked and burned out. Cars were being pelted with rocks as they drove through the streets. Police cars were swarming the neighborhood and helicopters circled overhead. Some people felt that police had put some ringers into the crowd to provoke a fight between members of the community and the cops.
We talked to many people who were sick and tired of the seemingly endless police brutality they endure on a regular basis. A number of folks were very pleased to hear about the lawsuit against police and other actions we are taking.
Spike Moss arrived on the scene and told us he is meeting witnesses at a convenience store on 26th Ave N between James and Knox Aves at 11:00 a.m. to take them down to meet with the mayor. From talk among various people, this may turn into a community rally, though exact plans are unclear at this time.
Our meeting Saturday is likely to be a good bit larger than usual, with many folks talking about the lawsuit. We will soon need folks to get into neighborhoods to talk about the lawsuit and find folks who want to be part of it. Stay tuned for further actions regarding this shooting tonight and the ongoing problem of police brutality. ____________________________________
Communities United Against Police Brutality 2104 Stevens Avenue Minneapolis, MN 55404 Hotline 612-874-STOP (7867)
Dozens of people shouted at police officers and broke windows in a city bus and a news van late Thursday, protesting after a 10-year-old boy was injured by a bullet that ricocheted from a police officer's gun.
The officer was shooting at a pit bull dog that had been turned loose on police who were trying to serve a search warrant on a house suspected of narcotics activity. But the bullet hit concrete and ricocheted into the arm of the boy who wasn't in the line of fire, a police spokeswoman said.
The boy's injury wasn't life-threatening and he was being treated at a local hospital, the spokeswoman said.
The incident happened at 7:30 p.m., but tensions grew later as TV news crews arrived to cover the event. About 75 to 100 people gathered in the north Minneapolis neighborhood and shouted at police and journalists.
The windows were broken out of one news van and a city bus, the police spokeswoman said. Two reporters for the Star Tribune of Minneapolis were assaulted and suffered minor injuries, an editor at the newspaper said.
Officers remained on the scene late Thursday, but they hadn't been able to search the house that originally brought them to the neighborhood.
Last week, dozens of people gathered in another north Minneapolis neighborhood to protest when two police officers shot a 19-year-old man who threatened them with a handgun.

@_date: 1999-05-13 04:21:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Spam Nigeria. 
Nigeria: New Sharia case Unmarried mother sentenced to death
A Nigerian court's decision to uphold the verdict of death by stoning of Amina Lawal for adultery is a cruel and inhuman application of Sharia law, says Human Rights Watch, and an abuse of the law to punish women for consensual sex. "The death penalty is never an appropriate punishment for a crime, and, in this instance, the very nature of the crime is in doubt."
  Make your own protest.
  Index on Censorship online at Express your concern for the plight of Amina Lawal, sentenced to death from stoning by a Sharia court in the state of Katsina in northern Nigeria for having engaged in sex outside marriage. The government used her pregnancy as evidence of her having committed adultery. Ms. Lawal now has an eight-month old child.
Human Rights Watch argues that:
  In this case the legal system is being abused to punish adult women for consensual sex.
  The death penalty is never an appropriate punishment for a crime, especially where, as in this instance, the very nature of the crime is in   The Nigerian government should commute the death sentence of Amina Lawal and drop the criminal charges against her.
Appeals protesting the sentencing should be sent to the following:
  His Excellency Olusegun Obasanjo, President of the Republic
The Presidency
Federal Secretariat
Phase II
Shehu Shagari Way
Abuja, Federal Capital Territory
  Fax: + 234 9 523 21 36 (press office)
Email: president.obasanjo at nigeriagov.org.
  His Excellency Kanu Godwin Agabi, Minister of Justice
Ministry of Justice
New Federal Secretariat complex Shehu Shagari Way
Abuja, Federal Capital Territory
  Fax: + 234 9 523 52 08
  Minister Alhaji Abdullahi Ibrahim, Minister of Justice and Attorney General
New Federal Secretariat Building, 10th Floor
Federal Secretariat
Block 1, Wing 1-B
Shehu Shagari Way
Abuja, Federal Capital Territory
  Fax: c/o Ministry of Foreign Affairs + 234 9 523 0394 / 0210
If possible please send copies of your appeals to:
  The diplomatic representative for Nigeria in your country.
  Please send appeals to arrive as quickly as possible.
Copyright © 2002
Send the fuckers a translation of Apster if you can.TIA.pr.

@_date: 1999-05-13 05:05:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Authenticating computer code cryptographically 
"...In June this year Microsoft announced plans to develop more secure personal computers with the help of hardware manufacturers.
The company has spent US$100m on developing the project, which involves authenticating computer code cryptographically. The plans have stirred controversy among some computer experts who fear users Microsoft would be given greater control over home PCs."END.
It's already lost one anti-trust lawsuit,to lose 2 might appear to look like carelessness.MS must be absolutely desperate.I wish someone would hack me soon,I cant wait to smash all my windows.Hey! According to this 'poll' 85% think copyright ,(and associated poitics) either suck or is D E A D,dead.

@_date: 1999-05-13 05:15:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Richard Perle in Paris. 
A walk on the wild side
A recalcitrant wild boar has moved into a Paris park, to the disquiet of local residents and the small taskforce dispatched to hunt it down, writes Jon Henley
Friday August 23, 2002
Visitors to the stately Parc du Chateau de Sceaux in the southern Paris suburbs have been disappointed this week: on the gates hangs a hastily-printed notice saying that the park is closed until further notice.
Inside, two wardens on horseback and four trained marksmen with Winchester rifles pace the wide, tree-lined avenues and manicured lawns, while a small army of 50 perspiring beaters and a dozen dogs slowly quarter the dense Such activity has, of course, prompted speculation. "Would this be the arrival of the werewolf of London, come to spend its summer hols in Paris?", wondered Le Monde. Or the return of the Beast of Gevaudan, that terrifying semi-mythical monster that devoured 150 unfortunate souls in south-west France in the mid-1760s?
The reality is almost as unlikely: somehow, an errant wild boar has managed to make its way across several main roads, brave the housing estates, hypermarkets and high streets of Antony and Fontenay-les-Roses, and gain illicit access to the park's 450 welcoming acres.
Wild boar are not a rarity in France. Tens of thousands of them are slaughtered by huntsmen every year, including nearly a thousand in the Ile de France region that includes greater Paris. But only very, very rarely do they venture into the urban environment.
"This is truly exceptional," said Bernard Lefevre of the National Hunting and Wildlife Office. "The last time anything like this happened around here was in 1995, when an adult male wounded four policemen who were trying to eject it from a municipal tennis court in Epinay."
Wild boar, Mr Lefevre said, have to be taken seriously. "They are large and powerful wild animals, and in the rutting season they are perfectly capable of attacking humans or rounding on dogs," he explained. "There's no way we can open the park while it's still in there."
The unfortunate boar's days are therefore numbered, because Mr Lefevre and his colleagues have no intention of trying to capture it alive.
"As a species, they are a long way from facing extinction," he pointed out. "They cause dozens of road accidents and over 1m euros of agricultural damage every year. There's no reason to show any sympathy."
Which is not the case for the boar's cousins on the sunny Riviera, where well-to-do residents have taken umbrage at the local authorities' decision to implement a shoot-to-kill policy aimed at drastically reducing the area's population of sanglochons - an odd breed derived from crossing a wild boar (sanglier) with a pig (cochon).
Officials say the sanglochon's numbers have increased by some 600% over the past decade and the species has become a veritable plague, rooting around in dustbins, ruining lawns and wreaking havoc in vegetable patches. Some 2,000 have been shot so far this year.
"They breed like rabbits, and unlike genuine wild boar, they actually seem to prefer an urban environment," said Emmanuel Marteray, a wildlife expert.
"They're generally much less aggressive than their wild cousins, but they're not much appreciated round hear because they love root vegetables, bulbs, fruit and worms."
Sentimental Riviera residents, however, have drawn the line at seeing the poor beasts brutally mown down before their eyes by council sharpshooters. After a number of protests from shocked eye-witnesses, the local authority wildlife department has promised to restrict sanglochon-slaughtering expeditions to the after-dark hours.
Back in the Parc du Sceaux, however, there's still no sign of the intruder. "He's very happy in here," said Mr Lefevre. "It's going to take quite some time to track him down."

@_date: 1999-05-13 05:44:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: FBI LIEs 
2 australians continue to suffer cruel and unusual punishment at X-ray.No charges,No lawyers,No visitors apart from au goons.No letters.Kidnapped months ago.
TERENCE SMITH: That's "Boston Globe" columnist Tom Oliphant and syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Both Mark Shields and David Brooks are on vacation. Welcome to you both.
FISA court ruling
Tom Oliphant, the, we just heard a discussion about what amounts to a standoff now between this secret intelligence court and the Justice Department. What's the significance of that?
TOM OLIPHANT: Well, the significance is not going to be any at all in a larger political sense. There's no question that public opinion today continues to be overwhelmingly on the side of security as opposed to civil liberties, as is often the case at this stages of war, including this unique one. Civil liberties tends to be a minority concern that has to claw its way to attention.
On the other hand, I do think this has some impact on the effectiveness of the administration's administration of the criminal and intelligence bureaucracies, and it's this. Credibility in secret proceedings is everything. And I think the court went out of its way to indicate its displeasure on those grounds, including making this decision public, which itself was a form of rebuke. I think --.
TERENCE SMITH: By saying that on 75 occasions -
TOM OLIPHANT: Absolutely.
TERENCE SMITH: -- the FBI had misled them.
TOM OLIPHANT: There are other cases not just before this special court, and I think other judges are going to be more inclined now to look behind the government's claims to check further. And most importantly of all is on the street. The biggest aid in prosecution of this war is the citizen who helps the government. And you want to have the confidence that you're going to be treated squarely, and this undermines it.
TERENCE SMITH: Michelle Malkin, what's your take?
MICHELLE MALKIN: I do think it would be a mistake to characterize the ruling, though, as a stark repudiation or rebuke of the way that Ashcroft and the Bush administration specifically are conducting the war on terror because these 75 errors and misrepresentations that the court was clearly piqued about happened under the prior administration. And, in fact, the Justice Department had started self reporting a lot of those errors in the first place. So I think the end result of the decision right now is that it's a big yield sign.
It's a warning to the FBI and the agent there's to make sure that the affidavits that they file for search warrants as they conduct this war on terror have all their "t's" crossed and their "i's" dotted. There will be an appeal of the case and that's unprecedented as well. But I think, you know, the clear message is, we cannot have a completely opaque wall between intelligence gathering and criminal prosecutions. But if you're going to poke holes in those walls, you have to make sure that the whole facade doesn't come crumbling down.
TOM OLIPHANT: Michelle makes a very important point, particularly because the head of the FBI until last year was Louis Freeh, whose administration is already very controversial, and this is another criticism of that.
TERENCE SMITH: And these cases of course crossed over.
TOM OLIPHANT: Very much so. In fairness, it should also be said that this administration, in a sense has sought to enjoy the fruits of the policy that was being pursued, as witness with the appeal.

@_date: 1999-05-13 05:52:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: FISA RISA 
The Limits of Trust
Friday, August 23, 2002; Page A26
SINCE THE SEPT. 11 attacks, the Bush administration has argued that law enforcement and intelligence agencies can be trusted to wield broad new powers -- both those additional powers voted into law last year and powers still under consideration. Officials have in many instances brushed aside suggestions that accountability and openness should accompany these new authorities. And their "trust us" mantra has largely carried the day as Congress has approved intrusive new powers for the executive branch. So it is no wonder that the Justice Department did not hasten to produce to Sens. Patrick Leahy, Charles Grassley and Arlen Specter a copy of an extraordinary May 17 opinion by the seven judges of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The work of this super-secret tribunal, which considers government applications for search warrants and wiretaps in intelligence matters, almost never sees the light of day -- in fact, this is the first opinion the full court has published since its creation in 1978. But in this instance, the judges themselves, responding to a request by the senators, took action to make sure that the senators and the public saw their unprecedented, unclassified opinion. The opinion, which the three senators released yesterday, paints a disquieting portrait of the FBI's trustworthiness, or lack thereof, in some of the most sensitive matters it The opinion was written in response to a Justice Department proposal to change the rules governing the relationship between prosecutors chasing criminals and intelligence operatives chasing information. In criminal cases, prosecutors generally must show probable cause of criminal activity before a judge will allow them to wiretap or search a suspect. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) authorizes such intrusive surveillance for intelligence purposes with a less rigorous showing. While this material can end up being used in a criminal case, the lower standard is constitutional only because the statute's purpose -- and the purpose of the surveillance -- is to gather foreign intelligence. So the FISA judges have historically been careful to make sure that criminal prosecutors were not directing surveillance under the law as a way of bypassing the strictures of domestic criminal rules. In the USA Patriot Act, Congress substantially lowered the wall between intelligence-gathering and crime-fighting; the Justice Department argued to the court that the new law meant the judges should ease up and stop insisting that prosecutors not take over intelligence surveillance. The court said no. It cited a variety of legal considerations, but underlying these was another factor: The judges report that the FBI has not played straight with them over the role prosecutors have been playing in the process in the past.
In September 2000, the judges recount, the government "came forward to confess error in some 75 FISA applications related to major terrorist attacks directed against the United States." These errors almost uniformly "involved information sharing and unauthorized disseminations to criminal investigators and prosecutors." They included an "erroneous statement" by then-FBI Director Louis Freeh and misrepresentations in the FISA applications of FBI agents concerning "the separation of overlapping intelligence and criminal investigations." They also included "omissions of material facts from FBI FISA affidavits relating to a prior relationship between the FBI and a FISA target." Furthermore, the judges complain that they have yet to receive any explanation of how they came to be misled, despite the fact that internal investigations have been ongoing "for more than one year."
Attorney General John Ashcroft is not blamed for these transgressions. Most or all of the misstatements appear to have taken place during the prior administration, and the court notes that the department and bureau wrote new rules last year to ensure the accuracy of FISA applications. The judges, moreover, appear to have no complaints about the quality of applications since Sept. 11. But the fact that dozens of FBI representations to a federal court handling issues of such sensitivity could turn out to be false raises questions both about current proposals to expand the government's FISA powers and about other situations in which the government asks judges and the public to accept its actions and statements on faith. If the FBI can botch 75 affidavits in the famously rigorous FISA process, is it not possible that the military might have made an error, say, in the spare two-page declaration it is using to justify the indefinite detention of likely American citizen Yaser Esam Hamdi? And isn't some measure of oversight -- such as the FISA judges and the senators are providing in this instance -- a healthy antidote?
The government has no experience with losing before the FISA court, which has never turned down a surveillance request. This opinion, in fact, has produced the first appeal ever of a FISA court action -- and thus the first case ever heard by a special FISA appeals court that has never previously had to convene. Whatever happens in that uncharted territory, the FISA court has raised critical questions that Congress needs to pursue before granting further new powers to the government. Members need to satisfy themselves that the problems the FISA judges have identified have truly been corrected and that adequate safeguards of openness and accountability are built into any enhanced surveillance powers.

@_date: 1999-05-13 05:56:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Another FBI lie? 
Father denies FBI charges against Saud
By a Staff Writer
JEDDAH, 24 August — Abdul Aziz Al-Rasheed has denied his son Saud had ties with the perpetrators of the Sept. 11 terror attacks as alleged by the US Federal Bureau of Investigation.
"Everyone knows that Saud is innocent and that the information published (by the FBI) is baseless," Abdul Aziz told Al-Yaum newspaper yesterday.
Look at him,he's just a boy!
The FBI has said that it was not sure whether Saud was involved in the Sept. 11 attacks. "Security authorities are not sure whether Saud had any role in the Sept. 11 attacks," Saudi daily Al-Watan quoted the FBI deputy director as saying. However, he said FBI agents wanted to question the Saudi youth.
The FBI on Tuesday released a passport photo of Saud Al-Rasheed and said it considered him armed and dangerous.
The bureau is seeking Saud following the Sept. 11 investigation. The investigation revealed that Saud bore a Saudi passport No. C161433, issued in Riyadh in May 2000. Saud is the 15th person sought in connection with the attacks.
According to Al-Hayat newspaper, there are six Saudis with the name of Saud Abdul Aziz Al-Rasheed.
One of them arrived at King Khaled International Airport in Riyadh on Thursday from Cairo, but his passport number was different from the one given in the FBI report.
The Arabic daily said it believed the passport might have been forged, if there was no error in transferring information.
According to a Council of American Islamic Relations study more than half of the seven million Muslims living in the US have been victim of discrimination after the Sept.11 attacks.
In a genuine democracy, the rights of even a minority of one are sacred and cannot be violated with impunity.
— V K Narasimhan.

@_date: 1999-05-13 05:59:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Fisky and sour. 
It is not a reporter’s job to provide the evidence for a war crimes trial
By Robert Fisk
BEIRUT, 24 August — Three Western war crimes investigators turned up to see me in Beirut last week. No, they didn’t come to talk about the Bosnian war. They wanted to know about torture at Israel’s notorious Khiam jail in southern Lebanon, about beatings and imprisonment in cupboard-size cells and electrodes applied to the toes and penises of inmates under interrogation.
Most of the torturers were Lebanese members of Israel’s proxy “South Lebanon Army” militia, and they performed their vile work for the Israelis — on women as well as men — from the late seventies until Israel’s withdrawal in 2000: Almost a quarter of a century of torture. Khiam prison is still there, open to the public, a living testament to brutality and Israeli shame.
The problem is that Israel is now trying to dump its Lebanese torturers on Western countries. Sweden, Canada, Norway, France, Germany and other nations are being asked to give citizenship to these repulsive men in the interests of “peace” — and also because the Israeli government would prefer they left Israel.
The three investigators — two cops and a Justice Ministry official — had come to Beirut to make sure that their government wasn’t about to give citizenship to Israel’s war criminals. And they knew what they were talking about. We both knew that one former torturer was living in Sweden with his two sons, and that another had opened two restaurants in America.
And I was happy to chat to them. But chatting is one thing. Testifying is quite another. I make this point because the BBC told me last week that their Belgrade correspondent, Jacky Rowland, was planning to testify against Slobodan Milosevic at The Hague war crimes tribunal. I was invited this week to participate in a BBC radio interview with yet another BBC man who had given evidence at The Hague, Dan Damon.
And, in fact, I received a phone call from one of The Hague investigators a few weeks ago, wanting to know if I had accompanied a European Union delegation to a Bosnian concentration camp in 1982. I had traveled with the EU men to two camps — not the one that The Hague investigator was interested in. But this was not the first call I’ve had from The Hague and I pointed out this time — as I had before — that I didn’t believe journalists should be policemen. My articles could be used by anyone at The Hague and I was more than ready to sign a letter to the effect that they were accurate. But that was all.
So when Dan Damon of the BBC argued on air this week that the written or spoken report might not be “believed” if a reporter wasn’t ready to testify in a court, I was a bit taken aback. In many cases, The Hague has commenced proceedings against war criminals on the basis of newspaper articles and television programs. No one, so far as I know, has ever questioned our reports on Serbian, Croatian — and, yes, Muslim Bosnian — war crimes. In fact, I suspect Dan’s argument was a bit of a smokescreen to cover his own concern about the boundaries of journalism.
I know, of course, how the arguments go. I may be a journalist, says the reporter as he or she turns up to the court, but I am also a human being. A time must come when a journalist’s rules are outweighed by moral conscience. I don’t like this argument. Firstly, because the implication is that journalists who don’t intend to testify are not human beings; and secondly, because it suggests that reporters in general don’t normally work with a moral conscience. Jonathan Randal, who worked for The Washington Post in Bosnia and has told The Hague tribunal that he will not testify against a Serb defendant, understands this all too well.
What worries me, though, is that journalism includes an element of masquerade if we cover wars as reporters and then participate in the prosecution of the bad guys at the request of a court whose writ extends only to those war crimes which it sees fit — or which the West sees fit — to investigate. Jacky Rowland of the BBC, for example, did not — while reporting the Balkan atrocities — turn up on Serbian assignments with the words: “I’m from the BBC and — if your lot lose — I’m ready to help in your prosecution”. Indeed, if she had said that, she wouldn’t have had the chance to undertake many more reporting assignments. Nor would any of us. But — if it’s now going to be the habit for BBC reporters to turn up as prosecution witnesses at The Hague — heaven spare any of us in the future.
Now I have nothing against Jacky Rowland’s reports. And if she feels her testimony is vital to convicting Milosevic, that’s up to her. But this story has another side. For Ms Rowland is not planning to attend The Hague court because she has chosen to give evidence against the former Serb leader. She is traveling to The Hague because the Western powers have decided that she should be permitted to testify against Milosevic — though not, of course, against alleged war criminals of equal awfulness in other parts of the world.
Let me explain. Over 26 years, I’ve seen many war crimes in the Middle East. I was at the Sabra and Chatila camps the same year when Israel’s Phalangist thugs were butchering 1,700 Palestinian civilians. I was with Iranian soldiers when Iraqi troops fired gas shells into them. I was in Algeria after the throat-slitting bloodbath of Bentalha, for which Algerian soldiers have since been implicated.
And I believe that those responsible for these atrocities should be put before a court. Ariel Sharon — held “personally responsible” by his own country’s inquiry into Sabra and Chatila — is now the prime minister of Israel. The Iraqi Army is safe from prosecution — indeed, we are inviting it to overthrow Saddam Hussein.
So if any reporter wants to testify against the above gentlemen, they can forget it. Ms. Rowland will not be invited to put Sharon behind bars. In fact, Belgium has just done its best to stop the survivors of Sabra and Chatila from ever testifying against Sharon in Brussels.
And there you have it in a nutshell. We journalists are not being asked to testify in the interests of international justice. Ms. Rowland is going to testify against a criminal whom we now wish to try; and we should remember that back in 1995, when we needed Milosevic to sign the Dayton agreement, Ms. Rowland was not wanted by The Hague or anyone else.
As far as I’m concerned, I’m always ready to meet war crimes investigators. I admire most of those I have met. And if we ever have an international court to try all the villains, I might change my mind. But until then, a reporter’s job does not include joining the prosecution. We are witnesses and we write our testimony and we name, if we can, the bad guys. Then it is for the world to act. Not us. (The Independent)

@_date: 1999-05-13 06:04:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Right to cover face upheld. 
DES MOINES, Iowa — Public-access station officials have told an anti-abortion activist that he won't be allowed to air footage of women entering a Planned Parenthood clinic unless their faces are covered.
Dave Leach's show, "The Uncle Ed Show," has run on Des Moines cable for six years. Jonathan O'Toole of Kansas City, Mo., began collecting footage for the show at the clinic yesterday.
But Mediacom, which provides the public-access channel and airs the program, said it would not show the women's faces.
"I have told him if he presents a tape to us tomorrow of faces visible we will not show his tape because it's a third party invasion of privacy," Mediacom spokeswoman Debora Blume said yesterday.
Leach, who picketed the clinic in the early 1990s and has discussed his anti-abortion views on his show, said he would review the law but believes he wasn't violating patients' privacy. Leach is a Republican state House "I can't imagine what purpose it (footage) would serve blocked out," Leach said. "There's certainly a whole lot more that journalists are allowed to do."
Mediacom officials had earlier told The Des Moines Register that they were considering airing the footage but moving the show to later hours.
The newspaper reported in yesterday's editions that Mediacom officials had said they didn't support the views expressed by the show, but its content was protected by the First Amendment.
"We're bound by rules that say we can't censor or exercise control over content," Blume was quoted in yesterday's newspaper as saying.
However, the Register reported today that Blume said Mediacom's attorneys had determined the tapes would violate clinic patients' privacy rights.
Ben Stone, president of the Iowa Civil Liberties Union, said he couldn't comment on the project until he saw the show. But Gloria Feldt, president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said the taping violated patients' privacy.
"These people are just shameless. They're shamelessly violating women's rights to privacy, medical privacy," Feldt said. "It's virtual stalking. It ought to be against the law."
Feldt said Planned Parenthood would look into its public policy and legal A spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood of Greater Iowa told the Register for yesterday's article that "patients coming to our clinic are coming for a variety of reasons."
Kendall Dillon told the newspaper that abortions represent about 2% of the clinic's services.
Neal Horsley, who started a Web site in March 2001 that airs clinic footage from more than 20 states, said showing the footage on public-access channels was a step toward creating a nationwide show. Horsley, who was working with Leach on the project, said Des Moines was to be the first location where video would be televised.
"We're absolutely certain that it's not against the law to publish information, factually verifiable information," Horsley said. "We've been doing it for a year on the Internet. ... The fact of the matter is nobody has issued a court order or an injunction."
Horsley's argument is being tested in court in Illinois, where a woman is suing three anti-abortion activists who allegedly obtained her medical records detailing complications from an abortion and published the records and her photo on an anti-abortion site.
Yesterday, O'Toole and his sister, Meghan, also of Kansas City, Mo., filmed patients walking into the brick building. Some patients covered themselves with umbrellas and a few people stopped to question O'Toole and his sister, who both had video cameras.
O'Toole said showing patients on TV would personalize their anti-abortion If people saw a friend or relative going to the clinic, "I would hope that they would encourage them to stop patronizing" it, said O'Toole, 23.
Stacy Layton, 50, of Ankeny, said she came to the local clinic to protest Leach and his plans, which she called a "form of terrorism."
"It's not just a chop-shop for abortion," Layton said. "They provide services for people who can't afford them."
Abortion foes' wanted posters, Web site are 'true threats'
Federal appeals court rules 6-5 in favor of doctors, clinics in Nuremberg Files case, also orders lower court to reduce $108.5 million punitive damages award. 05.17.02
Anti-abortion activists ordered to take medical records off Internet
Woman’s lawsuit claims her privacy was violated after documents, photograph appeared on Web site. 08.24.01
Silencing speech only leads to violence, says creator of controversial Web site
'Mr. Horsley is a perfect example of the First Amendment run riot,' says fellow participant in First Amendment Center hate-speech panel. 03.10.99

@_date: 1999-05-13 06:09:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: NY State law prohibits shrubs speeches being mailed. 
NEW YORK — The New York Civil Liberties Union sued the city this week, saying police were unjustly making arrests to enforce an unconstitutional state law meant to stop people from mailing annoying or alarming materials.
Brace for faith based lunacy...(I'm thinking Quoran NOT pentagram btw)
MADISON, Wis. — A federal judge ruled on Aug. 20 that a prison inmate can sue the state Department of Corrections because guards wouldn't let him wear a Wiccan necklace.
Michael Grindemann, an inmate at the Kettle Moraine Correctional Institution in Plymouth, said in a complaint that the Corrections Department violated his First Amendment rights by denying him a pentacle — a five-pointed star also known as a pentagram.

@_date: 1999-05-13 06:20:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: When your in Texas look behind you... 
Uh-oh. Tom Byron's squinting. And if you've been there before on other occasions, you know what that means - to see Byron's eyes flashing like two hollow points ready to unload some serious damage into a moving target. You think of De Niro in Goodfellas drawing emotional distance from some mob guy who's about to get stuffed in a trunk.
Or you might imagine a primordial fire god whose visceral urge to create bloodlines has been unnecessarily interrupted by a territorial skirmish in Mesopotamia. Or, at the low end of the comparison scale, think of a concert pianist when a cultural blockhead in the auditorium launches a bowel movement during the third movement of the Moonlight Sonata.
Unnecessary distractions, if you get the drift, are pernicious acts on a Tom Byron set. They're punishable not quite by death; but the rawhide squint is enough to get some minor points across. Even homeowners with law degrees can't escape the silence
is golden fine print. Which was the case late last year on the set of Lord of Asses 6 when Byron's focus collided with the compelling urgency of the guy renting the location just to have a couple of buddies over to watch Byron fuck Sierra in the ass.
His brow creased in concentration, Byron's in the middle of telling the lady-of-color, a woman who could cause blood to circulate through a lead statue of Pope John XXIII, that her topography reminds him one of those mountains she's named after. But Byron halts the proceedings and stares like a television wrestler when the off camera buddy murmur becomes more than apparent. In the hierarchy of values, Byron's, at least for the moment, took preference.
Even when the opportunity arises during shoots, which is rare, Byron tends to clock his remarks to but a few temperate, muzzy statements. More like the opiated verbalisms of a sixth degree aikido sensei, Byron's tendency is to keep the flow of his thoughts tight, compact, circumspect, in control. And to even be on a Byron set, which is not exactly what you'd call a
pocket of male bonding to begin with, a savvy appreciation of one's place and distance is called for. Anything else, like idle chatter, tends to deflect the Icon's attention from stewardship to minor detail.
Detail is where it all comes together. Byron says sleight of hand tricks of the proverbial trade take place. Pieces of language gained from old battles form a game plan inspired by teasing, seductive intimacy all of which Byron has assembled in his head.
He may be fucking guilelessly on camera, but Byron's simultaneously caressing internal notes and mentally editing a scene which in the final analysis will be as carefully and delicately assembled as a Swiss music box. Put another way, Houdini ain't necessarily going to talk about the trap doors in the vanishing ass act. Neither is Byron whose Lord of Asses movies are
casual nonchalance powered by light and sly butt-hugging direction with tricks he'll never likely trade.
Hellraisers of their own device, Lord of Asses movies offer bracing alternative to porn's standard repetitive-motion disorder. The action is a veritable shopping list of anal carnage- the enterprises staffed by Byron fucking vanguard women with crisp features, heartbreak cheekbones; easy-going, life-embracing charm, down-to-earth sparkle and a propensity for
exposing tundras of cleavage fore and aft. Aft being the principle focus of the series in which Lord Byron, by his lonesome, engages his vassals in irresistibly potent salutes to butt-marauding, the old-fashioned, castle-storming way.
If she were a galloping horse, Bree Brooks, who zooms off the good looks Richter scale, would be this equine
image of beauty with supernal power and grace- her ripe dorsal orbs square in the male centered view of the universe. To boot, Brooks has got these fluttery eyes and the kind of porcelain high gloss marquee smile impervious to brown outs. But someone's got to tell her teeth to relax, though, because Bree couldn't manage a more smile-in-place charm if she permanently
attached the ends of her mouth to her ear lobes.
Chalk up that possibility perhaps to an artery-constricting white mini dress she has on in Lord of Asses 6- one that barely covers her tumultuous posterior. Brooks to this point had yet to do an anal scene on camera in her four months in the business. But Byron, maintaining a light tone and sense of perpetual motion, eases her fast and unfalteringly forward as he sneaks a look under that dress. Even though there's no music to he heard, the room aches with it, as Byron unveils Bree's exquisite hind quarters and allows his tongue unencumbered access to her shit hole
Brooks with her "elongated femur bones," which Byron likes to call them, reminds him of every towering female whose ass he's attempted to mount in his prosaic career. Sahara Sands comes relatively to mind. She [Sands] was the "best tall girl," states Byron, who for the moment adjusts his critical sensibilities to accommodate the height factor. Byron demonstrates the tense melodrama necessary to achieve certain camera angles as he vigorously butt thumps an imaginary Amazon in the standing position.
Small wonder male performers tend to have clenched, over-developed calf muscles as in the case of Byron. And once Byron massages Brooke's butt to an appreciative gape reflex in their scene, she waxes his knob and it's on to some ardent vaginal trysting before the big moment. For the record Bree's anal deflowering comes by way of a rolled-in-a-ball mish
entry after which she puts her knees to good use for a doggie entry that feeds the poop puppies. The scene wraps up, and because it's the holiday season, some of Byron's enriched nutmeg coats her open mouth.
Sierra's an extremely effervescent, charming and seriously busty black girl, who, judging by her compulsive giggle, must be a riot at Comedy Central audience tryouts. As much in the manner of the scene with Bree Brooks, Byron engages Sierra's hardy rump in a round of poop post office as she stamps his balls with a return address of her lips. A little vaginal
warm-up in the doggie position is nothing compared to when Sierra's highly animated butt does the shimmy-shake when Byron locks and loads some cock in her ass, cowgirl-style. Two more heinie-humping positions precede a resolute pop shot- also aimed square in her mouth.
Byron then hits the daily double with the comely teaming of Ryan Connor and Alexia Riley. With an ass like a davenport, Connor, a veteran of Lord of Asses3, is fast becoming another go-to gal in the prestigious Byron anal lineup where familiarity tends to breed more relief than contempt. Byron often states she likes to use performers that he's comfortable with. "You know what to expect of them and they know what you like," he says.
By the same token, Riley being new to all of this was "necessarily timid," in Byron's opinion, but Connor's presence was a rich and enveloping balm. "It's a good thing Ryan was in the scene," says Byron, "It balanced things out." As the scene progresses, Connor wraps her licentious mouth about Byron's staunch rig, and the two, like old lovers in familiar positions, test
unresolved issues in the 69 position before engaging in some sagebrush-style humping.
Riley tries it, too, but in the reverse angle as Connor serves as her own sideshow-the camera dwelling on Connor's greatest asset as she ducks her head in and out of the scene to suck Riley's flailing pussy meat. Riley's first to get it in the ass, as she
takes a missionary then a doggie humping - followed by Connor whose ass quite frankly, looks prodigious from
any angle but even more so in the canine position - one of the two entries she entertains before Byron finds their mouths inviting targets.
Max Hardcore girl Catalina, a woman who commandeers the screen with a loopy smile and glistening swirls of off-the-wall pre-coital conversation, is "a lovable dingbat" according to Byron, who claims she turns him on in a very weird way "She's a real sweetheart but a space cadet." Otherwise, Byron admits to getting off on the whole mind trip her presence offered in Lord of Asses 6.
And, like the Czech performer Jessika in the previous Lord's volume, Byron's of the opinion that it's near-to-impossible to fuck Catalina vaginally and make it look easy. "She has great skin but her pussy's real tight. On the other hand you get in her ass and you practically fall in." In their scene Catalina mentions that she enjoys having guys piss in her mouth. Sometimes. But that "sometimes" isn't happening in this scene, unfortunately. Bladder shy, Byron isn't looking for a toilet as much as a dark, warm and damp place to hunker down for the night. And the lord finds lodging at ye old anal inn when he goes balls
deep in Catalina with three fecal resonating positions.
True to type casting, Bella Donna tells Byron in a scene that also features Aurora Snow that she was the high school slut. Snow, on the other hand, reminds you of a teenager who grew up in a two-traffic-light-town. Albeit it one where anal's
practiced during rush hour snarls. After raising their plaid skirts for a buttshow, Aurora kisses Byron's ass, literally, while Bella Donna's lips convince his dick of the worthiness of their affection. A persuasive gesture to be sure because next thing you know, Byron's in and out of her ass with Aurora tonguing his shaft on ever successful out stroke. After fucking Aurora vaginally in the doggie position, Byron turns her into an anal pound puppy with an encore visit in her shit shaft.
The team of Bella Donna and Aurora Snow doesn't get much better, according to Byron who mined a rich vein of anal treasure in a scene that stays just on the right side of beautifully lewd. Byron had already worked with Bella Donna in Whack Attack 11 but knew Snow only by reputation. "One's a bad girl and trampy [BellaDonna]; the other's like a homecoming queen," said Byron. "There was a good vibe- a good mix. Man, I wish I could shoot some scenes over and over. This
would be one of them."
...cause thats where the rangers gonna' be.

@_date: 1999-05-13 06:37:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Eurorepression update. 
At a demo during the recent No Borders protest camp in Strasbourg (SchNEWS 366) Ahmed Meguini, co-founder of the French anti-racist group Mouvement Spontane (Spontaneous Movement), was violently arrested, receiving a broken wrist from the French riot squad. From his arrest on 24th July to his trial date on 21st August, Ahmed was held in solitary confinement, which meant, amongst other things, he was not allowed to receive visitors. At his trial, Ahmed was sentenced to 8 months but luckily 5 of these will be probation which means he will be out in 3months. He also received a fine of 700 Euros (£500). Incidentally Ahmed was the only person from the No Borders camp who was locked up the entire time before his trial and the charges against him were the heaviest. This Saturday (24th Aug) there will be a benefit to help pay his fines at the Radical Dairy, 47 Kynaston Rd, Stoke Newington, London, with food and DJs. Crap Arrest of the Week For being Ash-Holes! 17 people were arrested earlier this year during a protest against incinerated waste being shipped to the Danish island of Langoya. They bared their bums in a collective moonie with the words ASH HOLES spelt out on their backsides.

@_date: 1999-05-13 07:25:53
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchism;fast relief from authority 
It's believed by me and possibly many that anarchism originated in Africa,as far as we know the whole modern human race did.Check out the latest issue 3 of  the ZabMag.
Interesting background on mugabe AND
·ssage from our Spanish comrades on the W$$D
Seeing red (and black) at the WSSD
Keepers of the Flame
The Global Economy: Whats it all about
The Rio Farce (the WSSD -10)
Poverty Leaps in South Africa
 From Protest Movement to Social Revolution
Political party funding: Politicians for sale
Unmask the W$$D in Johannesburg and around the World
Revolutionary Joburg
S.A. Anarchists go Global...
A message from our Spanish comrades on the W$$D

@_date: 1999-05-14 08:33:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mutant advances on Trantor. 
War of the worlds
Essay exploring the theory that Osama bin Laden was influenced by Isaac Asimov's 1951 science fiction classic Foundation, which was translated into Arabic under the title 'al-Qaida' ( Giles Foden via Guardian )
See also this article by Dmitri Gusev from October, and this article by Nick Mamatas from February
Aide says Nidal confessed to Lockerbie bombing
Write-through of an interview with Atef Abu Bakr, a 'former colleague' of recently deceased extremist and criminal Abu Nidal, in which he claims that prior to his death Nidal confessed to the 1988 Lockerbie bombing
( Guardian )
See also this Reuters coverage, the interview itself (PDF) in Arabic, this evaluation of the Lockerbie trial by Hans Köchler from 2001, and this blog entry from last month

@_date: 1999-05-14 08:44:45
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Vic Police feel threatened. 
"...Police Association assistant secretary Graham Kent said the results showed that people believed no technology or strategy could beat having a good police presence."
No technology or alternative strategy has even been proposed...unless you count professor rats canvassing of APster.
Get tough call on crime
SHELLEY HODGSON
VICTORIANS want a tougher stand on violent thugs and sex fiends.	
A resounding 82 per cent believe the courts should hand down harsher sentences for violent criminals and sex offenders.
An extraordinary 88 per cent of country Victorians want the courts to get

@_date: 1999-05-14 09:01:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Apster lotto. 
Lotto is netted
A MALVERN man is the first to win a major Tattslotto prize on the Internet.
The health industry worker won the first division prize of $207,000 on Saturday, August 15 with a Take Five entry.
"I've played Tattslotto for about 20 years and on the Internet since it started," he said.
"I've found playing online really easy and, obviously, very lucky for me."
OZ Lotto, Powerball and Tattersall's sports betting also are on the Net.
Sex fiends online?
Sex fiends to be put on register
By IAN HABERFIELD and SHELLEY HODGSON
SEX predators will have their names placed on a register and face continued monitoring on release from jail under tough new state laws.
E-commerce is a killer app.
Cards bounce cheques
By PAULA BEAUCHAMP
CHEQUES are going the way of the dinosaur.						
New figures show the value of electronic transactions, such as direct debits and credit card payments, have overtaken cheques in the past five

@_date: 1999-05-14 09:08:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Replace Drives in 2cnd hand bargains. 
PC tracking to net thieves
By Miranda Wood, Sun Herald Education Reporter
August 25 2002
The Sun-Herald
An innovative computer tracking system will be trialled at NSW public schools in an effort to reduce the number of machines stolen.
The Education Department will test the ground-breaking software package at high-risk schools in Sydney and regional areas.
PC PhoneHome software, developed in the US, finds missing computers through the internet.
Every time a user logs on to the internet from anywhere in the world, a central monitoring system can identify it as a missing computer and log the unique internet protocol (IP) address being used, allowing police to trace the machine via the phone line being used and retrieve it.
The new technology, known as "stealth" software, will be installed on about 100 school computers.
The monitoring system will be based at the department's Security Unit at Blacktown, in Sydney's west. This comes as the department begins to roll 11,250 new machines out to schools across the State.
The software company's Australian spokesman, Terry Quinn, said other NSW Government departments, universities and private schools were evaluating the product.
"It is a deterrent to thieves," he said.
About 8,000 computers have been stolen from NSW public schools in the past six years, costing taxpayers $15.8 million.
Mr Quinn said the software worked by sending a burst of information to the monitoring base when a computer was connected to the internet. The information could then be passed on to police.
Mr Quinn said the software can't be detected by thieves.
"When you go into the computer, you can't see it," he said. "It also resists most reformatting, so when thieves clean the computer up it's still Mr Quinn said schools in New York tested the software this year and, of 40 computers stolen, all were retrieved.
Apart from the software, the State Government is to use locks to secure computers to desks.
Opposition education spokeswoman Patricia Forsythe said the software was not the solution.
"It would be fine if the thieves always took whole computers," she said, "but some of the loss in schools includes parts going missing."
Ms Forsythe said the Government should have introduced new security devices for computers sooner.
"The best approach is the preventative approach," she said.
A spokeswoman for NSW Education Minister John Watkins said he could not comment on new security measures.
PC PhoneHome is available to individual users and costs $99, which includes three years' monitoring.
Something similar's just come in for cell phones.

@_date: 1999-05-14 10:07:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Zabalaza scammer? 
Warning about false anarchist group
by W. Johnson ABC-I • Saturday August 24, 2002 at 11:28 PM
Warning about false "anarchist" ochlarchy group ZABALAZA/ABH in SA
ANARCHIST BLACK CROSS INTERNATIONAL

@_date: 1999-05-14 10:12:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Feeble Nazi rally in DC. 
A - I N F O S N E W S S E R V I C E   ________________________________________________ I went to my first anti-nazi demo today. The occasion was the much ballyhooed National Alliance rally against Israel. The weather was probably the worst it has been all summer; hot and really humid. The nazis rallied on the front lawn of the Capitol and the good thing was that the anti-fascists outnumbered the fascists. There were tons of cops on hand to protect the fascists, which shows how pathetic these New Age fascists really are. I talked with a variety of Anti-Racist Action folks, local activists, and people who have been to many of these recent National Alliance rallies. They were all pleased with the turnout for our side, which I would estimate at around 300. If you add in the 30 ARA and anarchist activists arrested in Baltimore this morning, you could say that the turnout was pretty good for such a miserable day. The veteran organizers said that this was the best turnout of anti-fascists in several years. The National Alliance had predicted a turnout in the thousands, but when I counted them at Union Station and again on the Capitol lawn, I could only count slightly more than 250 of them. Most of these idiots were men, with half of them being skinheads and the rest being older, weird looking guys. I don't know, I didn't find these guys to be that scary, since they wer taunting the crowd from behind lines of riot cops. The weekend of anti-fascist events kicked off last night, when several anti-fascists  walked around a neighborhood in Edgewater, Maryland, where they passed out flyers to the neighbors of Steve Smith, owner of SS Regalia records, which is a nazi music label. Our guys even ran into Smith when he was jogging, which prompted him to run for the nearest tree. It seems like this action--raising awareness about where nazis live--is probably the most promising counter-fascist organizing tool. Early this morning, a group of ARA activists jumped a chartered National Alliance bus at a travel plaza outside of Baltimore, MD. This pre-emptive attack prompted the nazis to spill out of their bus and start fighting. The cops eventually showed up and around 30 anti-fascists were arrested. There was quite a turnout of anti-fascists in front of Union Station, where the police were helping the NA stage from. Folks were drumming and holding up banners. There was a pretty big ARA turnout from the East Coast and Midwest. Eventually the National Alliance marched down the parking ramp with a huge police escort. At this point I was across the street scouting, which put me in an interesting spot to watch what transpired ast the nazis marched in front of the counter-demo. There were lots of words exchanged between both sides.The anti-facists starting throwing projectiles. I had to move away from the street because I was in the line of fire. At one point I saw a cop drop a cobblestone behind his back that had been thrown by our side. I was kind fo surprised that more shit wasn't thrown, but the police presence was pretty large. The nazis shouted some really lame stuff at the anti-fascists, including lame lines like "Go home and smoke your dope" and "Take off your masks." The nazis marched up Deleware Avenue to the Capitol grounds with a huge police escort. The anti-fascists marched through the park and end up between the reflecting pool and the National Alliance rally. Not much transpired for an hour, other than some skinheads coming down the hill to incite the anti-fascists. After about an hour, the police marched the National Alliance back to Union Station where they were run through a guantlet of anti-fascists. The police were out in force today, both the Metropolitan Police Department and the U.S. Capitol Police. They had two choppers in the air and their equestrian unit. I spent most of my time trailing the undercover guys (we got pictures of many of these guys). I discovered undercover guys from the Fairfax County (VA) and Montgomery County (MD) police departments. The police were pretty restrained the entire day, relying on their numbers to intimidate both sides. Still, I found quite a few weaknesses in their scenario and deployment. It was good to see so many folks turn out for the counter-protest. I was pretty disappointed with the poor turnout by the National Alliance. If I had paid anything for this sorry spectacle, i'd be asking for my money back. The National Alliance will be having a show tonight at the Armory in Towson, Maryland. I've been told that quite a few anti-racists will be there to kick them out of Baltimore. Donate to Infoshop.org:  _______________________________________________ infoshop-news mailing list infoshop-news at infoshop.org

@_date: 1999-05-14 10:19:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Electronic ballistics technology working capital success. 
August 23, 2002
Metal Storm raises A$9.19 million (US$4.9 million) from private placement and announces Bonus Option Issue to all Shareholders
ARLINGTON, VA – August 23, 2002: Metal Storm Limited (ASX code: MST and NASDAQ Small Cap: MTSX), a pioneer of electronic ballistics technology, is pleased to advise it has raised A$9,192,755 (approximately US$4.96 million) via a private placement of 14,142,700 ordinary shares at A$0.65 per share.
Read More
August 23, 2002
Prospectus - Issue of Bonus Options and Placement Options
Metal Storm's Prospectus - Issue of Bonus Options and Placement Options, released to the market 23 August 2002, is available to view in pdf format 266kb click here
BUY LTCG.pr.

@_date: 1999-05-14 10:28:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Despicable nazis,SA style. 
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (August 24, 2002 2:02 p.m. EDT) - Argentina has emerged as the location of choice for Web sites set up by the world's ultra-nationalist and neo-Nazi political groups.
In recent years, race-hate groups in Europe and in other Latin American countries have come under increasing pressure to curtail their online activities. Authorities have dismantled some extremist sites, or pressured Web-hosting companies to close sites temporarily for posting offensive or illegal content.
Neo-Nazi groups experience few such problems in Argentina.
Aided by inexpensive high-speed Internet access and an outdated anti-discrimination law, race-hate groups from all over the Spanish-speaking world are making Argentina their virtual home base.
"The late 1990s saw the re-birth of neo-Nazi groups in Argentina, both in the real world and on the Internet," says Sergio Widder, Latin America representative for the Simon Wiesenthal Center, a Jewish human rights organization. "The ultra-right in Argentina is using the Internet to help create a neo-Nazi network in Latin America."
According to the Wiesenthal Center, the number of sites worldwide it deems "problematic" has grown to 3,000 today from one in 1995. Specific numbers for Argentina were unavailable.
The highest-profile site in Argentina is City of Freedom of Opinion, run by the neo-Nazi New Triumph Party (PNT). Its leader, Alejandro Biondini, appears at public meetings in SS-style uniforms, giving the Nazi salute. Set up as a modest online newspaper in 1997, the site has since mushroomed into a much-visited portal connecting more than 300 extreme right-wing groups in Europe and Latin America.
The site, in Spanish and other languages, boasts a news agency and a bulletin board for neo-Nazis. The PNT offers free e-mail and Web-hosting services for race-hate groups around the world. On the site, the PNT says it specifically offers hosting facilities to extremist groups whose Web sites have been prohibited or whose activities have been curtailed in other The portal allowed neo-Nazi groups from Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Uruguay to plan a congress in April 2000, to be held in Chile on the anniversary of Adolf Hitler's birthday. The Chilean authorities eventually banned the meeting.
Numerous other Argentine race-hate and ultra-nationalist sites provide a regular channel of contact for extremists in Chile, Uruguay, Brazil and Europe. Many glorify Germany's Nazi Party and Italy's fascism, championing the country's European roots, and lashing out against drug addicts, Marxists, Jews, and homosexuals.
One site, True Peace, set up by Carlos Torlaschi, president of the Group of Retired Admirals of Argentina, celebrates the military and police officers who killed some 30,000 Argentine citizens during Argentina's 1976-83 "dirty war" against suspected leftists.
Argentina is an ideal online location for many extremist groups. Despite the country's profound economic slump, Internet penetration remains one of the highest in Latin America, and super-fast Internet access is widely available. Both factors are a legacy of the decade in which Argentina's currency was fixed at parity with the U.S. dollar, making the import and use of technology inexpensive for Argentines.
But since currency devaluation in January, the peso has plummeted by some 70 percent against the dollar, making Argentina a cheap place for foreign groups to set up hosting facilities.
Furthermore, a 1997 decree issued by then-President Carlos Menem explicitly stated the government's refusal to interfere with production, creation, and dissemination of information distributed on the Internet. The decree guaranteed Web sites freedom from censorship.
Anti-discrimination advocates have found it impossible to use the country's anti-discrimination law, passed in 1988, as it does not cover Internet "We could try to act against the companies hosting these sites, but the legislation just isn't there to take action against them," says Adrian Jmelnizky, who investigates racial abuse cases for Argentina's National Institute Against Discrimination, Xenophobia, and Racism. "Internet use is beyond the scope of the anti-discrimination law and there are no initiatives to change that at present."
As a result, ultra-right groups locating their sites in Argentina avoid the need to locate servers offshore, or to hide domain names behind a maze of sites located in unhelpful jurisdictions.
Police, already overburdened by a wave of kidnappings and a general rise in violent crime, say they have little time to monitor Web sites for incendiary content.
Despite the growing visibility of Argentina's far-right groups on the Internet, analysts say their fortunes remain stagnant in the real world. Unlike European far-right groups in places such as the Netherlands, which have exploited economic dissatisfaction to recruit a new generation of supporters that have made an impact in open elections, extremists in Argentina, a country founded on immigration, remain marginalized in the political arena.
Argentine authorities appear unconcerned at their activities. "Our intelligence reports do not indicate that the extreme right is very active," says President Eduardo Duhalde's spokesman, Eduardo Amadeo. "They keep talking about racial issues, and anti-Semitism has never been a vote-winner in Argentina."

@_date: 1999-05-14 10:34:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Minister forced to resign,"too honest." 
Power minister Prabhu and Simple Simon
SWAMINOMICS / SWAMINATHAN S ANKLESARIA AIYAR
[ SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 2002 12:01:02 AM ]
Even cynics were shaken when Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray ordered power minister Suresh Prabhu to resign on the ground that he was too honest. We are used to the notion that politicians should resign if caught extorting bribes. Never before has a minister been sacked on the ground that he did not make money at all, and so was unfit for high office. Many supporters of Prabhu moan that the power sector reforms he championed will now be shelved. In fact, his reforms were well-intentioned but too timid and half-baked to work. On assuming office, he found that State Electricity Boards (SEBs) owed an enormous sum of almost Rs 30,000 crore to various suppliers — Coal India Ltd, the Railways, GAIL, BHEL, NTPC and others. This was more than the entire GDP of some countries. The suppliers levied penal interest of two per cent per month on overdues. But the SEBs ignored the penalties as blithely as the dues. For many years, some overdues were recovered by Central suppliers like CIL, NTPC and BHEL as deductions from Central Plan assistance to errant states. The Planning Commission said no more than 15 per cent of Plan assistance could be deducted in this manner. Soon, the states crossed the 15 per cent limit. After this, they suffered no additional penalty at all. At many official meetings, the states agreed to slash power subsidies for farmers and check theft. They then went back and did nothing, or even increased subsidies. This surely proved that commitments made by financial and moral bankrupts had no value. Yet Prabhu sought to solve the problem through a fresh set of commitments. He proposed a scheme whereby states that agreed to reform could convert their overdues into bonds.They would also be forgiven part of the penal interest, which they were not paying anyway. If after this, they still defaulted on fresh dues, these would be deducted from Central Plan assistance without any ceiling. He hoped this would induce states to pay all future dues. Only an honest man can be foolish enough to believe that rogues will reform so easily. The states will promise anything for a little cash, and then return to politics as usual.When so many cannot even pay staff salaries on time, could Prabhu seriously have believed they would suddenly start paying all future dues to suppliers? And if they failed to pay, could Prabhu have believed that the Central government would get tough with its own coalition partners who ran so many states? When I first talked to Prabhu on this subject, I said he was ignoring the obvious solution: cut off supplies to all the defaulting SEBs. After all the most elementary principle of commerce was ‘‘No payment, no supply.’’ Every child in kindergarten knows this from Mother Goose. ‘‘Simple Simon met the pieman Going to the fair. Said Simple Simon to the pieman Let me taste your ware. Said the pieman to Simple Simon, Show me first your penny. Said Simple Simon to the pieman, Indeed, I haven’t any.’’
Did the pieman keep supplying pies month after month, while levying imaginary penalties on Simple Simon? No, for he knew that to ignore default would be to induce further and further default. The same logic applies to the states. Prabhu told me I was being unrealistic. If he cut off supplies to the SEBs, he said, many states would be plunged into darkness, and there would be riots. You cannot treat this as just a commercial matter, he said, it has major political implications. But surely that is the problem. As long as the issue is treated as political, there is not the slightest reason for states to reform. If, because of politics, they can keep getting supplies without payment, why should they ever pay up? They will stop only if they find that they cannot get any coal from Coal India, any power from NTPC, any machinery from Bhel. Prabhu is afraid of riots. In fact, urban riots can be a solution. Often in the past, farmers have rioted against higher power rates, and forced politicians to lower these. State governments claim it is impossible to charge farmers realistic rates, impossible to sack corrupt linesman, impossible to stop power theft.But if supplies to the SEBs are cut off and irate citizens riot, the states will at last find it politically expedient to reform. They will at last find it politically feasible to raise rural tariffs, sack corrupt linesmen, and crack down on theft. By now, I think Prabhu must have realised a fundamental truth. A polity that cannot stomach an honest power minister also cannot stomach the thought of paying its debts honourably. Only when it is forced to bear the full consequences of non-payment, will it pay up.

@_date: 1999-05-14 11:10:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: MORE FORESTS LESS BUSH! 
Americans losing faith in Bush on Iraq
Matthew Engel
Saturday August 24, 2002
The Guardian
President George Bush found himself dealing with an unaccustomed degree of dissent yesterday with the publication of a poll showing growing opposition to an invasion of Iraq and a near-riot outside the hotel in Oregon where he was speaking.
The poll results, showing a bare majority of Americans in favour of using ground troops to attack Iraq, were published after the Portland police used pepper spray to break up a demonstration outside the site of a Republican party fundraising rally.
About 500 protesters were ordered to move after they pushed down a barricade. Riot police moved in, using the aerosol sprays and pushing the protesters with batons.
The protest, a rarity on this scale in American cities in the past 20 years, was held after Mr Bush announced his new plan to loosen controls on logging in national forests.
The demonstrators were protesting against this policy and the plan to invade Iraq. Some carried placards saying "Drop Bush, Not Bombs". There were five arrests.
Electorally, Oregon is one of the most closely contested states in the country, but Portland is a famously liberal city with a strong contingent of activists and ageing hippies - Mr Bush's father used to refer to it, oddly, as "Little Beirut" - and the demonstration does not necessarily signal a return to more combative times in more typical American cities.
None the less, yesterday's events were the most visible sign of angry dissent in the US since the initial post-September 11 activism on some campuses was drowned by the tidal wave of patriotism.
The poll, published in USA Today, showed 53% of Americans answering yes to the question "Should ground troops be sent to the Persian Gulf to remove Saddam Hussein from power? and 41% against.
This contrasts with the majority of 61-31 when the question was asked two months ago and 74-20 in November.
Some analysts believe this is still provides a satisfactory base on which to swing support behind the president, as is traditional when war actually breaks out.
The poll also showed that 94% believe that President Saddam either has weapons of mass destruction or is developing them, 86% believe he is supporting terrorist groups intending to attack the US, and 53% believe he was involved in the September 11 attacks.
The president's own popularity rating is now 65%, still strong but no longer sensational.
But there are growing signs of White House frustration with its inability to take command of the Iraq argument. The president's normally imperturbable spokesman, Ari Fleischer, has attacked reporters for being obsessed with the subject in their coverage of Mr Bush's meeting with his defence team in Texas on Wednesday.
"It reached an absurd point of self-inflicted silliness that goes beyond the usual August hype," he said. "There have been meetings about Iraq in the past, there will be meetings about Iraq in the future." This one, he said, was not such a meeting, "and the press didn't care".
He added: "The president's opinion is the press looks silly."
This sort of attack suggests that Mr Fleischer's own iron grip on Washington news management is beginning to falter. Given the conflicting signals about Iraq coming from the administration, his job is certainly getting harder, and his line has to jostle increasingly with contrary voices.
The latest comes from Madeleine Albright, Bill Clinton's secretary of state, who told the News Hour programme that Iraq was "not a direct threat to the United States" and that sanctions were effectively containing President Saddam.

@_date: 1999-05-14 11:32:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: BREAKING NEWS in Baltimore.HOMELAND FASCISM! 
Police target anti-racist activists in Baltimore, Fascists hold hate concert in White Marsh
Baltimore city police have visited several locations in Baltimore today, illegally searching one and detaining and photgraphing activists at another. These incidents occured as hundreds of anti-racists converged in Washington to confront white supremecists belonging to the National Alliance.
08/24 11:30 PM: About 25 community members who live near the armory have come out of their houses and are standing with the activists. One woman from the neighbourhood verbally confronted a cop demanding to know why there are Nazis in her neighbourhood. The community members and activists have been asked to move by the police possibly to facilitate the concert attendees departing without incidents. At last count there were 14 police cars, two fbi vehicles, and one secret service vehicle on the scene. 08/24 10:45 PM: Two activists are across the street from the armory, facing down close to a hundred riot police, fbi agents, and secret service. An fbi agent asked for an ID from one activist, saying that "we had problems earlier with nazis being attacked." There is also a police helicopter circling the area with a spotlight. A few local residents have also been coaxed out of their houses. The protesters at the scene have asked for others to join them. directions: "The nazi concert is in white marsh, not Towson. WhiteMarsh is 10 minutes away from Towson. From DC take 95 North to 695 West to Towson Exit 32B, Rt 1/North Belair Left at the second traffic light onto Rossville go to Putt....Ave, the Armory is there." 08/24 10:15 PM: Fox 45 reported the travel plava incident as a "fight between two neo-nazi groups." A call to the station revealed the source for this: Baltimore City Police Lt. Harris, of the Center for Public information. 08/24 9:45 PM: In the armory in White Marsh, 16 police cars and two paddy wagons are outside of the nazi show. One media van is also there, and music is definitely playing inside the armory. About 20 cars are parked in the front, possibly more in the back. Also, food not bombs is at the booking External links: Pictures of Armory
08/24 9:30 PM: There are about 15 people outside Baltimore central booking demonstrating solidarity with the arrested activists. Support is still needed, as those there are fearing arrest or other action by Baltimore police. Central booking is located at 300 E. Madison Street in downtown External links: Baltimore IMC feature: The Horrific Conditions Of The Baltimore City Detention Center For Women
08/24 8:45 PM: The 30 activists arrested in Baltimore are being held in central booking. Jail solidarity is needed there. 08/24 8:45 PM: Apparently everyone has left the PAC without incident. It is not clear if police are still there. There is a Hate concert occuring in White Marsh at a National Guard armory, with police and news media on the scene. Attendence at the concert is apparently minimal. 08/24 8:00 PM: Plain-clothes police detectives have sorrounded the Progressive Action Center and are photographing and documenting activists and their cars. Several people were detained outside, two apparently at gunpoint, and their ID's taken and documented by the police. No one is being arrested or detained, but police remain outside. 08/24 7:00 PM: Police visited a local community/activist space, apparently telling one resident that they were "there for your own good." The officers entered the space with no warrant, even after a resident told them that they did not have permission to enter, and performed a plain-view search of the building. 08/24 5:00 PM: According to accounts, about 700 anti-racists were in DC compared to about 500 racists. Numerous confrontations occurred. For more info, check dc IMC.

@_date: 1999-05-14 11:41:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: URGENT HELP NEEDED LEGAL-BAIL BALTIMORE BUSTS! 
In Baltimore, during an anti-fascist action this morning (at a gathering point for nazis heading off to Washington DC), about 30-40 individuals were Of those, we have confirmation that 6 are from NEFAC (4 from Boston, 2 from Baltimore), 1 from Claustrophobia, plus an undetermined number of people from Anti-Racist Action.
Although it is unclear who is being charged with what, overall the charges are reported to include aggravated assault, disorderly conduct, concealed weapon, and property destruction. All felonies.
Once more details are sorted out, we will post information on how people can donate financial contributions towards bail for the arrests.
< Secret court rebuffs Ashcroft : Justice Dept. chided on misinformation | Washington, DC: National Alliance Rally a Huge Bust >
walking revolution writes on Saturday August 24 2002 @ 03:06PM PDT: [ reply comrades alone!
         Western Sun writes on Saturday August 24 2002 @ 04:44PM PDT: [ reply | parent ]
Keep an eye on dc.indymedia.org
the Progressive Action Center is currently beseiged by police, trying to get in , without a warrant. any and all legal help is NEEDED to contact the center at 410.467.9388. they're holding out, and trying to leave, since they have not, at last contact, been detained.
the bloodshed (Baltimore Anarchist Show/Community Space), according to a few frantic phone calls, is being monitored, and any people approaching are sternly ordered to leave immediately.
the Progressive Action Center is currently beseiged by police, trying to get in , without a warrant. any and all legal help is NEEDED to contact the center at 410.467.9388. they're holding out, and trying to leave, since they have not, at last contact, been detained.
the bloodshed (Baltimore Anarchist Show/Community Space), according to a few frantic phone calls, is being monitored, and any people approaching are sternly ordered to leave immediately.
NEFAC Anarchist writes on Saturday August 24 2002 @ 06:28PM PDT: [ reply | parent ] We have gotten word that the Bloodshed has been raided twice now, and there remains a strong police presense around that neighborhood. Also, when the police visited the Progressive Action Center they attempted to match up faces of people present with video footage from this morning. Apparently unsuccessfully. The shit seems to be hitting the fan in Baltimore, with cops looking to come down hard on militant antifas.
jt writes on Saturday August 24 2002 @ 06:41PM PDT: [ reply | parent ] The Bloodshed has now been raided twice. It's uncomfirmed, but there are no known arrests. At the Progressive Action Center, the cops arrived and wanted to enter. They did not have a warrant, and were not permitted to enter. They said that they had a video from this morning's altercations at the Baltimore Travel Plaza and wanted to ID people to see if they could match up people at the PAC with faces in the video. Also at the PAC this evening, cops pointed a gun at members from one of the midwest ARA groups (cleveland or columbus?) and detained them for questioning. no known arrests, and they have been released. The press was called, and a member of ARA Columbus and a local Baltimore activist gave interviews to ABC news. The white power show is still going forward tonight at a National Guard Armory. Eastern Hammerskins are providing security. Any organized ARA response to the show is unkown. Of the individuals arrested this morning, no one has been charged with anything as of yet, even though many rumors are flying around. Still 6 confirmed from NEFAC, 1 from Claustro. Again, a plea for legal support -- I will be sending cash tomorrow around noon and any financial help would be great. If anyone from other cities would like to send money on your own, contact me directly and i can tell you who to send the $ to. jt

@_date: 1999-05-14 12:39:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bad qaida ma'lumat nearly kills. 
She called for help, but it wasn't on the way
Police tapes released detail a critically wounded woman's harrowing 48-minute wait for help as confused officers wandered nearby streets and dispatchers disregarded the address she gave them, relying instead on inadequate computer information.
Aug 24, 2002, 6:34am

@_date: 1999-05-14 12:51:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Demon-Haunted World.  
"I worry that, especially as the Millennium edges near, pseudoscience and superstition will seem year by year more tempting, the siren song of unreason more sonorous and attractive. Where have we heard it before? Whenever our ethnic or national prejudices are aroused, in times of scarcity, during challenges to national self-esteem or nerve, when we agonize about our diminished cosmic place and purpose, or when fanaticism is bubbling up around us - then, habits of thought familiar from ages past reach for the controls. The candle flame gutters. Its little pool of light trembles. Darkness gathers. The demons begin to stir."
I began making a list of quotes from the book as I was reading it (a few of which you can find on this page), but I soon realized that I would be copying about half of the book in so doing. I gave up that task and just went on reading.
This book should be on everyone's shelf. It should be required reading before kids can graduate from high school (and for adults before they decide to raise their children up in any given religion).
Sagan does a masterful job of explaining what science is and what it isn't. He clearly shows that the wonders of science are just as interesting (and far more reliable) than the wonders of other disciplines which rely on tradition, superstition, myth, or ignorance.
The chapters range in content from debunking UFO and alien abduction stories to calling for a higher realm of ethics for those who are scientists. In between are a couple dozen chapters that touch on a variety of issues that everyone should appreciate. The book is devoted to ridding the world of non-existant demons and allowing us all to experience more light and knowledge.
Especially useful to kids and to adults who haven't let go of superstition is Sagan's baloney detection tool kit. Given the current widely held beliefs (regarding UFOs, the face on Mars, an afterlife, religion, etc.) that are on the rise due, in part, to the soon ending of the century, this tool kit should be implemented by all people to help see the light of day rather than the darkness and ignorance that seems to loom in the minds of so many.
Sagan is practically prophetic with regard to the recent case of the Heaven's Gate cult.
Go find this book, and read it so you too can enjoy a life "obsessed with Sagan's book ends with this reminder:
"If we can't think for ourselves, if we're unwilling to question authority, then we're just putty in the hands of those in power. But if the citizens are educated and form their own opinions, then those in power work for us. In every country, we should be teaching our children the scientific method and the reasons for a Bill of Rights. With it comes a certain decency, humility and community spirit. In the demon-haunted world that we inhabit by virtue of being human, this may be all that stands between us and the enveloping darkness."

@_date: 1999-05-14 13:03:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Smart People Believe Weird Things 
This as UK surveys reveal most britons regard the death of Diana as a far greater hirstorical event than WW2.
September 2002 issue
Smart People Believe Weird Things
Rarely does anyone weigh facts before deciding what to believe
By Michael Shermer
In April 1999, when I was on a lecture tour for my book Why People Believe Weird Things, the psychologist Robert Sternberg attended my presentation at Yale University. His response to the lecture was both enlightening and troubling. It is certainly entertaining to hear about other people's weird beliefs, Sternberg reflected, because we are confident that we would never be so foolish. But why do smart people fall for such things? Sternberg's challenge led to a second edition of my book, with a new chapter expounding on my answer to his question: Smart people believe weird things because they are skilled at defending beliefs they arrived at for nonsmart reasons.
Rarely do any of us sit down before a table of facts, weigh them pro and con, and choose the most logical and rational explanation, regardless of what we previously believed. Most of us, most of the time, come to our beliefs for a variety of reasons having little to do with empirical evidence and logical reasoning. Rather, such variables as genetic predisposition, parental predilection, sibling influence, peer pressure, educational experience and life impressions all shape the personality preferences that, in conjunction with numerous social and cultural influences, lead us to our beliefs. We then sort through the body of data and select those that most confirm what we already believe, and ignore or rationalize away those that do not.
This phenomenon, called the confirmation bias, helps to explain the findings published in the National Science Foundation's biennial report (April 2002) on the state of science understanding: 30 percent of adult Americans believe that UFOs are space vehicles from other civilizations; 60 percent believe in ESP; 40 percent think that astrology is scientific; 32 percent believe in lucky numbers; 70 percent accept magnetic therapy as scientific; and 88 percent accept alternative medicine.
Education by itself is no paranormal prophylactic. Although belief in ESP decreased from 65 percent among high school graduates to 60 percent among college graduates, and belief in magnetic therapy dropped from 71 percent among high school graduates to 55 percent among college graduates, that still leaves more than half fully endorsing such claims! And for embracing alternative medicine, the percentages actually increase, from 89 percent for high school grads to 92 percent for college grads.

@_date: 1999-05-14 13:17:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CC Media on Baltimore arrests. 
Supremacists attacked at city hotel
3 suffer minor injuries in melee; 20-30 arrested

@_date: 1999-05-14 13:30:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Raise the Fist on the battle of Baltimore. 
Aug 24th - Approximately 300 to 400 White Power and Neo-Nazi demonstrators assembled today at the west face of the U.S. Capitol. Under heavy police protection the group espoused both hate chants and and chants that some may interpret as being solidarity with the plight of the Palestinians. Critics call the National Alliance's claim of solidarity is not simple Anti-Zionism, and opposition to the actions of the U.S.-supported Israeli regime, but a mask for hatred of Jews. One onlooker commented on the Neo-Nazis "support" for Palestinians, "They'll turn on them later."
However, this demonstration did not go unnoticed. Countering the right-wing groups' presence was an assembly of self-declared anarchist, socialist, pro-global justice, and anti-hate demonstrators. Some affinity groups reportedly engaged in actions meant to thwart the white supremacists from even gathering, and then later to impede their march to the Capitol. They gathered in just as strong, if not stronger, numbers and faced-off against the demonstrators in what seemed to be a stalemate of barricade rattling, taunting and banner waving. The only difference being that the counter-demonstrators garnered beeps of support from passing traffic.
There were several encounters between the counter-demonstrators and the various police agencies today as well. More details and eyewitness reports will be coming in the next several hours. We welcome your contribution to the newswire as well.
Earlier this morning, 35-40 Baltimore anti-fascism activists were detained. The National Alliance (NA) gathered at Union Station parking lot and marched to the Capitol grounds where they had their rally. Crowd-control boxing-in tactics were used by the police. According to an alleged NA member, the rally was successful because they were not shut down by anti-fascists. There were arrests and a few incidents of "violence" during the day.
One protestor has already been released. After the rally at Union Station, there was an incident where a Nazi supporter driving a truck did a hail hitler salute thing to a crowd of peeps waiting, and they went up to tell him shut it and whatever; one guy kicked the car casually. Another guy was laying down on the curb afterwards and his foot may have been run over. The cops pepper sprayed and the truck drove away unscratched. END
That last pic looks like a P.I.Gs on a Harley.

@_date: 1999-05-14 13:36:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: I need some help. 
No wonder some of these poor kids crack...
I need some help
by Patches Nilnoc Sat Aug 24 10:48:55 PDT 2002
Yesterday at school i was wearing a shirt with a patch that had a flag burning on it and it was confiscated. The dean also made my roll up my pants because they had an anarchy symbol on them. I want to know if I could press charges for trying to stifle my beliefs. Any help would be apprecieated.
  There are some responses but no real offer of help to sue the shit out of the school.
MORE ON

@_date: 1999-05-14 13:47:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrubs 2 step plan to really screw the economy. 
1) Keep doing all the stupid evil shit his whole families so expert at.
2) Make Space a military free fire zone and fill it up with highly toxic,highly dangerous,highly expensive junk plus some extremely dangerous ray guns.
Killing him is only simple self defence.(my 2c)
"Then it was back in front of the fireplace to finish reading Lou Dobbs' new book, Space : The Next Business Frontier. I suspect many of us think of space as being mostly about government related programs like NASA or possibly the global positioning system (GPS), or perhaps directTV. Lou makes the point in his book that space is about a lot more than that. The focus of his book is that space is more and more about "space business". In addition to a lot of interesting information about space shuttles and satellite launches, he talks about the hundreds of corporate players -- including "some of the world's largest organizations" -- which are already generating billions of dollars in revenue. He convinced me that space is headed toward becoming a new business revolution." FROM

@_date: 1999-05-15 04:31:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anti-Racists Need Your Help! 
URGENT LEGAL ASSITANCE NEEDED!
On Sat. August 24 a group of 28 anti-racists activists were arrested in
Baltimore. In an action designed to prevent national alliance buses from
getting to rallying in Washington D.C. They are now in Baltimore city jails
with bails set as high as $20,000.
This was the national allianceÃ¢Â€â„¢s fifth rally in DC since
November, during which they have called for violent attacks on people of
color, members of the LGBT community, and Jews. By preventing one of busses
from even reaching the rally and greatly delaying the other three, these
activists thwarted their plans for an uncontested stay in charm city. Once
in DC, the nazis faced even more opposition as hundreds of demonstrators
to the streets and chased them out of town.
In Baltimore, the remaining anti-racist activists are being
harassed by police. The Bloodshed, a community & show space, was raided
twice without warrants. Also, at the Progressive Action Center police
arrived and attempted to search the building, but the occupants did not
them to conduct a search. Many groups of activists continue to be followed
by the police and they continue to be pulled over for questioning. Cops
pointed a gun at one group of activists late Saturday and detained them for
In all, 28 of our comrades now sit in jail awaiting our help.
All told, some $45,000 will have to be raised in order to get them all out
immediately. We need assistance from all members of the anti-racist
community in order to free our fellow activists. It is important to give as
much as you can, but any contribution helps. Checks, in any amount, should
be made payable to Black Planet Books and can be mailed to 1621 Fleet St.
Baltimore MD 21231. Or call Jessica (JT) at (617) 584-9220 for information
regarding wiring money directly to Baltimore. If you need more information
feel free to e-mail us at antifalegal at hotmail.com.
In Solidarity,
Christina & Adam

@_date: 1999-05-15 04:44:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 3 out,21 to go. 
Three Of Twenty-Four Anti-Racist Activists Released
by Chuck D'Adamo
Email: cdadamo (at) charm.net (unverified!) Current rating: 3
25 Aug 2002
Three of twenty-four anti-racist activists arrested on August 24 at the Baltimore Travel Plaza have been released.
[BALTIMORE MD] At the Baltimore Travel Plaza Saturday August 24 at approximately 7:30am, twenty-four to twenty-nine anti-racist activists were arrested after a confrontation with neo-nazis who were gathering to travel to Washington DC to participate in a rally organized by the National Alliance.
Major F. H. Bealefeld told Indymedia that the attack included weapons such as stick, hockey sticks, and similar weapons. There were three injuries, one of which required hospitalization. According to an anti-racist activist, approximately 120 neo-nazis attempted to board charter buses at the Travel Plaza.
The Sunpapers (8/25/02) reported the police as saying that "It was not immediately known whether the attackers were counter-demonstrators or members of a rival supremacist group." However, it was widely publicized that the National Alliance had organized a rally for August 24 and that anti-racist activists were planning to respond with counter-demonstrations, and possibly other methods. In fact, the neighborhood around the Baltimore Travel Plaza was extensively leafleted in prior days, according to an anti-racist activist.
The Sunpapers should have spent more time investigating the event, rather than relying on the police officials. While the Sunpapers' report was not as egregious as that of FOX 45, which reported a fight between rival neo-nazi groups, a little more investigation would have given a more accurate picture of the event.
Three of those arrested have been released as of mid-afternoon August 25. Bail has been set in the range of $10,000 to $20,000 each. One arrestee, a minor, was charged with 23 counts of aggravated assault, according to an anti-racist activist.
Anti-racist activists who would like to support the arrestees may make a check out to Black Planet Books with "jail solidarity" in the memo line and mail it to Black Planet, 1621 Fleet Street, Baltimore, MD 21231. See also:

@_date: 1999-05-15 05:39:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Homeland Resistance.West Coast. 
USA: PROTESTING THE BUSH REGIME Aug 24 2002
Dissent Flares Against Bush on the West Coast
'Commander-in-thief' George Bush's visit to the West Coast of the United States this week was met with protests at every stop. In Oregon, Bush's purpose was to spread lies about forest health [ 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 ] and shake down local wealthy to raise money for Senator Gordon Smith. One hundred protesters met Bush in Medford, and briefly blocked a road 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 ]. In Portland, forest activists kick-started the day of dissent by erecting a tree-sit in a downtown park. Hundreds of people gathered at a Pacific Green Party rally and then joined the main crowd at the tree-sit park for a march downtown, 3000 strong. Hundreds of police, including many in full riot gear, staked out a nine square block area around the Hilton Hotel where Bush was speaking. Protesters had free reign throughout the rest of downtown where they took the streets, blocked intersections, and made a joyful noise.
In the late afternoon, police declared a state of emergency, and threatened to arrest anyone who did not disperse, though these annoucements were heard by very few people. Police then turned violent, shooting people with rubber bullets and pepper-spraying many others [ 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 ]. Children were among the victims of chemical attacks, including a 10 month old baby [ 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 ]. When the sun set people danced in the street and continued to protest. The general feeling among participants was that it had been a great day that offered some lessons for future efforts. Corporate media accounts of the day betrayed an institutional bias against democratic action and in favor of police brutality [ 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 National Lawyers Guild called for the police chief's resignation, and that afternoon protesters marched on City Hall to demand police accountability.
 11 | 12 | 13 ]
On Friday, Bush was given a California welcome with protests inside and outside his first campaign stop for political friends in Stockton [ photos to reveal a "No War On Iraq" tee-shirt. She was hauled off by police immediately, but not before Bush's televised speech was disrupted [ 1 | 2 | 3 ]. Further south that afternoon, 400 people protested Bush's arrival in Santa Ana, and another 250 demonstrated outside a fundraiser in Dana Point, Orange County. In Los Angeles on Saturday morning, 7:00 a.m. wasn't too early for hundreds to come out and express dissent [ 1 | 2 | 3 ], while hundreds of vehicles caravaned to Crawford, TX.
Other recent actions against the Bush regime in the U.S. include protests at a 7/11 Bush visit in Minneapolis [ 1 | 2 ], a 7/18 Bush visit near Detroit, a 7/25 Bush trip to Greensboro, NC, Cheney visits to San Francisco (8/7) [ 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 ] and Minneapolis (8/12) [ 1 ], and a 8/14 Bush trip to Milwaukee [ 1 | 2 ].
[ Portland IMC | SF Bay IMC | Los Angeles IMC ]

@_date: 1999-05-15 05:39:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 250 arrests at Jo'burg. 
Two Hundred Fifty Arrests Welcome WSSD
On Wednesday, August 21, over 4000 people with the Landless Peoples Movement (LPM) and National Land Committee marched peacefully to the office of the premier of Gauteng province. The marchers wanted Gauteng Premier Mbhazima Shilowa to sign a memorandum of commitment to stop forced removals in Thembelihle, and to end the brutal campaign of terror being waged by the notorious "Red Ants" security company and the police against poor and landless people in the province.
More than 100 landless people and land activists were arrested around 6 p.m. in the first signs of the South African government's crackdown on the fundamental Constitutional right to freedom of assembly in order to prevent protests and demonstrations during the WSSD. Among the arrested was NLC coordinator Andile Mngxitama [ audio | video ]. More were arrested on August 22 outside the jail while protesting in solidarity, including LPM media liason and SA IMC member Ann Eveleth who was subsequently ordered deported. Anyone found wearing an LPM T-shirt outside the prison was summarily arrested.
On Friday, August 23, 77 of those arrested were released. One of those arrested, who was two months pregnant, had a miscarriage on Thursday evening after her jailers ignored repeated calls for assistance. This crackdown began in earnest on August 17 when veterans of the anti-apartheid struggle were arrested in Cape Town boarding a train to Joburg. According to Mngxitama, "the agenda of Sandton is the agenda of the multinational corporations, that land must be sold as a commodity, that water and energy must be privatized. They have been losing legitimacy, and now they are trying to get new legitimacy through the United Nations. We are saying no to Nepad, no to the World Bank, no to market-led land reform."
More information about the WSSD can be found at a Special Edition Report (pdf) by Africawoman, in previous coverage of the WSSD [ August 24 | August 23 | August 19 | August 1 | July 25 ], and in italiano [ W$$D: la privatizzazione dello sviluppo sostenibile | Movimenti soziali | Rio + 10 = - risore + capitale ].
[ South Africa IMC | National Land Committee | Landless Peoples' Movement ]

@_date: 1999-05-15 06:31:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Filtering Insanity hits NSW. 
Cyber censor to watch out for students' bad language
By Linda Doherty, Education Writer
August 26 2002
When NSW's 1.33 million public school and TAFE students and teachers log on to their new "e-learning accounts" they will find every keyboard stroke monitored to ban bad language.
"Sex" will be out as will the "wildcards" favoured by students who use asterisks or question marks to disguise swear words.
A range of filters to block sexually explicit and offensive material is being developed by the NSW Department of Education and Training and Unisys, the prime contractor of the $33 million roll-out of new email
accounts, Internet access, chat rooms, Web sites and bulletin boards.
One of the largest information technology projects in Australia, the e-learning accounts will connect 1.2 million students and 130,000 teachers by June next year to a massive bank of data servers in North Ryde. A trial of 5000 users in schools will start in October.
Chris Thompson, the chief Unisys executive on the project, said the filtering would include blacklisted pornographic or inappropriate Internet sites and searches for obscene language. It would be graded from kindergarten to year 12.
"You search for the obvious swear words, you can also pick up words like sex," she said.
"A classic is the Dick Smith Web site. Filters would normally pick this up because of the word 'Dick' but it is a legitimate Web site so it's put into an area where it can be accessed."
But year 12 students studying breast cancer, for example, may still be able to access sites containing "pictures of naked bodies" if the material was relevant to their studies.
Rodney Molesworth, senior vice-president of the NSW Federation of Parents and Citizens Associations, said the level of filtering was probably going to be "higher than is suitable" due to community fears about children's access to inappropriate material.
"It's important to have filters but parents need to recognise they are not completely effective. Web sites can be changed overnight and kids have always been wonderful at using codes to fool adults," he said.
"It can't be an exercise for restricting kids from material that may be challenging. We suggest parents work with their children and have the home computer in a public part of the house."
The e-learning accounts, announced in the May 2001 state Budget, will allow students and parents to email teachers. Schools and students will have Web sites, discussion groups and remote access from any location.
The project, originally estimated at $21.6 million over four years, rose to $33 million by last December when the Unisys consortium, of Microsoft, Nortel and Optus, won the three-year contract.
A spokeswoman for the Minister for Education, John Watkins, said the project had been upgraded to include technical support, training for teachers and filtering equipment.

@_date: 1999-05-15 14:37:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 10 psychiatric facts. 
PSYCHIATRY IN THE AGE OF REASON (1750-1995): 10 FACTS
1. Black slaves who ran away from their "duties" were deemed by psychiatry to be mentally "ill". The psychiatric "illness" was known as "drapetomania".
2. Irascibility or impertinence on the part of a black slave was deemed by psychiatry to be a mental "illness". The psychiatric "condition" was known as "dysthaesia Aethiopica".
3. Psychiatrists were originally known in the 18th century as "alienists"; "mental patients" were originally known as "aliens".
4. Single mothers were once deemed by psychiatry to be "insane". As a result, single mothers were incarcerated for, in certain instances, a large number of years in psychiatric hospitals.
5. Girls who had sexual intercourse under the legal age of consent were once deemed by psychiatry to be mentally "ill".
6. Psychiatry in Nazi Germany in the 1930's and 1940's effectively killed more than 200,000 "mental patients" in the name of social and political 7. Epilepsy was once regarded by psychiatric orthodoxy as a mental "illness".
8. In the communist Soviet Union, certain political dissidents were deemed by Russian psychiatry to be mentally "ill". These dissidents were incarcerated in psychiatric hospitals for their psychiatric condition.
9. Homosexuality was once regarded by western psychiatric orthodoxy as a mental "illness".
10. For psychiatric orthodoxy all voice hearing is a sign of "madness".

@_date: 1999-05-16 02:23:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: E-Bay-Coase-Hi Fibre capitalism. 
Internet trading helps purge a blocked system
By Charles Wright
August 27 2002
No doubt it will take the Nobel Prize committee a decade or more to recognise the significance of the latest piece of research from The Edge laboratories, which has led us to the formulation of Wright's Theory of Economic Constipation.
This theory assumes that the economy, like the human intestinal tract, can suffer from the equivalent of muscular dysfunction, which can result in irregular movement of material through the system, leading to unhealthy compaction and systemic failure.
The Edge believes that we are going through precisely this painful interruption at the moment.
The healthy movement of partially digested material through the system has been blocked, so that rather than being adequately, umm, processed, it has been backing up in the nation's attics, spare rooms and garages.
Unfortunately, due to an inappropriate emphasis on intake and inadequate understanding of the importance of healthy digestion of previously ingested material - for the benefit of the lay person, we shall refer to this as "the second-hand market" - the system is placed under further strain by the ingestion of yet more new stuff.
Although we have not yet identified all the causes of this painful disruption, we are pretty certain that the main irritant is advertising.
Advertising produces an artificial need to consume new material but it does not stimulate the economic digestive processes that would move older material through the economic digestive tract.
The situation has become much more critical, of course, because the nature of the modern economy has resulted in increased production without a corresponding increase in jobs. Jobs are the enzymes of the economic digestive tract and without them we risk total break-down of the financial No scientific breakthrough - not even those in the so-called dismal science - is made in a vacuum. And The Edge acknowledges a debt to eBay but we have concerns about some auction practices on the site.
We first began to appreciate that eBay was not so much an online auction site as an economic, umm, bowel, when the owner of the local second-hand bookshop revealed that he was finding it increasingly difficult to find stock.
"People have started selling them," he explained, "on eBay."
"Good idea," we thought, and promptly logged on and bought some. What we discovered was that eBay has produced an entirely new industry, which is turning the contents of those attics, spare rooms and garages into gross domestic product and export earnings, providing income and employment for a growing number of people.
Take, for instance, 13-year-old Aiden McIlduff. It would possibly be misleading to describe young Aiden as an Internet entrepreneur but, in a modest way, that's what he is. Better, perhaps, to call him an eBay Aiden was introduced to eBay by one of his mother's friends who, like an increasing number of people, had developed a small, but healthy business selling second-hand clothing on eBay.
Because his mother was able to source cheap books through her job as a sales representative for a publishing company, he started selling books.
Then he bought some watches and auctioned them for a profit. He won a colouring competition. The prize went up on eBay. So did a digital camera. He did some wheeling and dealing on some Game Boy games, and sold them - and the Game Boy. These days, Aiden is saving to buy some shares and, later, real estate. He reads The Financial Review and the property section.
Joshua Gans, professor of management and information economics at Melbourne Business School, sees eBay as an important breakthrough in the problems of transaction costs - the concept identified by a previous Nobel Prize winner, Ronald Coase - which inhibit social efficiency. Transaction costs are a key figure in the development of companies.
According to Coase, firms are created because the additional cost of organising them is cheaper than the transaction costs involved when individuals conduct business with each other using the market.
The development of eBay removes the firm's entrenched advantage over the individual, and Gans, who was astonished to be able to sell a Palm III on eBay for only slightly less than the value of a new unit, sees it as a promising step.
"When you unlock all these things in people's closets, each one is real gross domestic product. It won't turn up in the GDP figures but it's really what it's all about. It's much better to unlock the value of an existing product than to manufacture a new one."
The Edge sees it as the economic equivalent of eating fresh fruit and vegetables. We could end the global recession overnight. And if you have any second-hand mystery novels for sale, we'd be happy to buy them.
cw at bleedingedge.com.au

@_date: 1999-05-16 03:40:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Sheik: Homeland Security Needs Cops. 
"this past spring the Bush Administration cut by 93 percent the funds requested by the Energy Department to bolster security for nuclear weapons and waste; it denied completely the funds requested by the Army Corps of Engineers for guarding 200 reservoirs, dams, and canals, leaving fourteen large public-works projects with no budget for protection. A recommendation by the American Association of Port Authorities that the nation spend a total of $700 million to inspect and control ship cargo (today less than two percent of container traffic is inspected) has so far resulted in grants of just $92 million."
A top norte americano security geek thinks most US companies are run by sexually repressed men like robert Hanssen who can be easily compromised,SEE...
Our next planejacking on a commercial may need more people esp caucs and shaped charges.
The americans have extremely short and permanently ductile appendages effendi.

@_date: 1999-05-16 03:48:57
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Welcome to Amerika: precrime squads  
Sounds like a business opportunity for our good fiend PTrei.
New Jersey Police Department Selects RSA Security to Help Take a ...
... Recent Awards. New Jersey Police Department Selects RSA Security to
Help Take a Bite Out of Crime. East Orange Police Department Using ...
 - 24k - Cached - Similar pages
[PDF]East Orange Police "Take a Bite Out of Crime"
File Format: PDF/Adobe Acrobat - View as HTML
Page 1. East Orange Police "Take a Bite Out of Crime" New Jersey police lock down
criminal records with RSA SecurID ® authenticators and RSA Keon ® technology ...
 success/EOPD_CP_0302.pdf - Similar pages
[ More results from  ]
News: New Jersey Police Department Selects RSA Security To Help ...
New Jersey Police Department Selects RSA Security To Help Take a
Bite Out of Crime. Date posted in ITsecurity.com: 3 March, 2002 ...
 - 14k - Cached - Similar pages
CopSeek Directory and Police Search Engine
... New Hampshire Revised Statutes Visits 96, URL:  ... New Jersey
Legislature Visits 165, The New Jersey State Legislature Internet site ...
 Laws_Statutes_Bills/index1.shtml - 49k - 25 Aug 2002 - Cached - Similar pages

@_date: 1999-05-16 05:28:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: First person APster. 
newsmakers While the first wave of Internet hype is now but a distant memory, the video game industry is gearing up for its own mini-version of the great online land rush.
Makers of the three main game consoles are all planning to allow gamers to connect their devices to the Internet for online play. Microsoft has made the biggest promises for Xbox Live, but Sony will actually get to the Internet first. The giant consumer electronics conglomerate will release on Aug. 27 a network adapter that allows its PlayStation 2 game console to tap into a broadband or a dial-up Internet connection.
As the opening credits roll on State of Emergency the whole story unravels itself on the nightly news. A commercial runs for a Hamburger restaurant and it exclaims that one Corporation food coupon will get you two hamburgers on Thursdays. The feminine voice of the newscaster then interrupts and pronounces a State of Emergency and that police are doing everything to bring the matter to control, at which point the camera pans back to reveal a gang of rioters that smash the window of the store in which the T.V. is being held and steal it. The story almost tells itself. A major corporation called
well, The Corporation
 is basically doing its part to destroy free speech and democracy among this fair city. So rioters ban together to oppose this cruel form of government and the peaceful demonstrations soon become violent ones. Anyways you start the game in riot mode and you have the option to choose between two characters the first being a disgruntled ex-cop and the other a female lawyer. The first “level” is based in a shopping mall. Now, I guess this is where people tend to think that the game resembles GTA3, you see, you have missions to run while the looting and rioting goes on around you, all of the missions of course involve rioting, killing or stealing, themselves.

@_date: 1999-05-16 06:02:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Stegasauraus 
Fight swedish SSL crackers with...
How does Fucked Company go extinct with all these dinosaurs around.
Oh well theres always the au wimmins soccer team
And now - a Jerry Springer opera
A surprise hit at the Edinburgh Fringe festival this year is Jerry Springer - the Opera, about an American chat-show host who is accidentally shot, then sent to hell to interview Satan, Jesus, Adam and Eve. Full report

@_date: 1999-05-16 06:07:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Defamatory email writers go free 
Copycat offences feared after defamatory email writers go free
August 26 2002
Copycat offences were escalating after the culprits of malicious emails defaming a Brisbane High School principal and his deputy escaped investigation, the Queensland Opposition has said.
Shadow Attorney-General Lawrence Springborg has criticised the government over Queensland legal blocks to police investigating a false website which accused the pair of child abuse.
Both teachers remain on stress leave despite being cleared of any wrongdoing.
Queensland Attorney-General Rod Welford earlier said Victorian law was hampering the investigation into who produced the Website, which allegedly emanated at a Victorian address.
But Mr Springborg said Queensland law prevented Victorian police from securing a warrant to search the Victorian premises believed to be the source of the Website.
He tabled a letter in Parliament from Queensland Police Commissioner Bob Atkinson in which he said Queensland law was the problem.
"Victorian police advise that a search warrant cannot be obtained as the offence committed is classified as a summary offence (in Queensland)," Mr Atkinson said in the letter.
Today, Mr Springborg said the law needed changing so others did not fall prey to malicious gossip.
"There are more complaints about obscene emails from teachers at Brisbane public high schools, falsely claiming to be from their workmates," Mr Springborg said.
"(The government) must take heed of the opposition's warning and provide a sufficient criminal deterrent for people who continue to spread malicious lies and gossip about other people."
Mr Springborg is drafting a private members' bill to make defamation a criminal offence with a five year jail term.
He said the Victorian law was five times stronger than Queensland law and if applied could have seen warrants issued against offenders.
He blamed the Goss Labor government for taking defamation out of the Queensland criminal code.
"The Goss Labor government weakened the defamation laws in 1995 and these recent cases prove that the decision was a massive mistake," Mr Springborg "In the age of the Internet, we are all increasingly vulnerable."

@_date: 1999-05-16 06:20:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Empires days are numbered.Jedi's downunder strike back. 
May the farce be with you
August 27 2002
More than 70,000 Australians identified their religion as Jedi, Jedi Knight or Jedi-related in last year's national census.
The high number of Jedi-related religions was a response to an email published before the census calling on Star Wars fans to state Jedi as their religion.
"If there are enough people in the country, about 10,000, who put down the same religion, it becomes a fully recognised and legal religion," the email Faith based vouchers anyone?

@_date: 1999-05-16 06:26:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anonymouse CC's downunder? 
ACCC welcomes credit card reforms
August 27 2002
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission said today it welcomed the Reserve Bank of Australia's (RBA) credit card reforms.
"The ACCC has worked closely with the Reserve Bank since the designation of the credit card network in April 2001 and strongly believes that the reforms will lead to a more competitive and efficient credit card network in Australia," ACCC chairman Professor Allan Fels said.
"Increased competition and efficiency will be to the benefit of both Australian businesses and consumers."
Professor Fels said a system allowing new entrants to issue credit cards or provide merchant services will open up what is currently a closed shop.
CREDIT CARD REFORMS
RBA to slash hidden fees
Australia's central bank will slash the hidden fees banks charge for credit card transactions by almost half, open up the system to new competitors and allow retailers to charge cardholders for the cost of accepting credit cards. more
Key points in RBA credit card reforms
ACCC welcomes credit card reforms
Reform to cut cost of goods, services

@_date: 1999-05-16 06:29:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Libertarians running OZ? 
Holiday at the Razorwire Hilton - at $130 a day
By Cynthia Banham
August 27 2002
Six months of sleepless nights in a tiny dormitory with four men. A worn mattress with small blankets. Guards shining a torch in his face every Shahid Qureshi thought he had seen it all when he emerged from Melbourne's Maribyrnong detention centre last September. But the 27-year-old Pakistani's biggest surprise was when the Federal Government presented him with an accommodation bill for $26,460.
For this amount - about $130 a night - he had also endured undercooked meals, a ban on sex, two-hour queues for a shower, broken toilets, and one towel for the entire detention period.
Just $30 more a night secures a room at the Novotel, Darling Harbour, while a little over $100 more pays for an executive suite at the Hilton.
Mr Qureshi, who is on a bridging visa and has been prohibited from working while he awaits an appeal against rejection of his application for refugee status, has no means of paying off the debt.
New overboard claim: 'Navy told us to jump in'
By Anne Calverley and AAP
August 27 2002
Asylum seekers on the boat at the centre of the children overboard affair were handed life jackets by the navy and told to jump into the sea as their vessel sank, a trial of three alleged people smugglers has been told.
Iraqi national Abdul Amir Al Moudhaffir told the trial in the Perth District Court that he and other asylum seekers were plucked from the sea a short time later by the warship HMAS Adelaide.
The asylum seekers on the boat became notorious after the Federal Government accused them of throwing their children overboard. The claims were later found to be false, and the incident has been the subject of a Senate inquiry.

@_date: 1999-05-16 06:35:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Fort Detrick precursor sued. 
Court rejects compensation for Chinese victims
August 28 2002
Tokyo: A Japanese court today rejected compensation claims by Chinese who were victims of wartime atrocities committed by Japan's notorious germ warfare unit.
The civil suit had been brought by 180 Chinese plaintiffs who claim they are survivors or relatives of the victims of Japanese germ warfare attacks in Zhejiang and Hunan provinces from 1940 to 1942.
They had sought an apology and damages of Y10 million ($A154,000) each from Tokyo for atrocities carried out by Unit 731, including "bombing" cities with plague, cholera and other germs.
The Tokyo District Court rejected the claims while recognising the Japanese military had engaged in germ warfare.
The Japanese government, which only acknowledged there was a Unit 731 decades after the end of World War II, says it knows nothing about its wrongdoings and has rejected related damages claims.
It also argued individuals do not have the right of demanding compensation from a state they fought.
Unit 731 was set up in Manchuria after the Japanese Kwangtung army formed a puppet state in northeastern China in 1931.
With headquarters in Harbin, the 2,000-strong unit operated till the end of World War II as what some historians call a killing factory cultivating fatal germs and conducting live autopsy.
It is blamed for the deaths of up to 10,000 Chinese and Allied prisoners of war (POWs), according to estimates in Japanese, Chinese and other studies.
Records show people from China, Korea, Mongolia and Russia were used as guinea pigs there.
Some members of the Unit have come forward in recent years to speak about the crimes.
Yoshio Shinozuka, who joined the unit at the age of 16 and returned to Japan in mid-1950s after being released from a Chinese prison, has said the unit had been cultivating anthrax and other killer germs for use on the He also confessed he had taken part in the vivisection of five Chinese individuals in a two-month period.
"I still remember clearly the first live autopsy I participated in. I knew the Chinese individual we dissected alive because I had taken his blood once before for testing," he once said.
Ordered to wash the man's body, which had turned totally black as he was infected with plague germs, Shinozuka "closed my eyes and forced myself to scrub the man's face with the deck brush."
"I could not meet his eyes because of the hate he had in his glare at me."
Those allegedly engaged in the germ warfare escaped punishment as the issue was not taken up at the 1946-48 International Military Tribunal for the Far East, better known as the Tokyo Trial.
The war tribunal, often seen as the Pacific version of the Nuremberg trial of Nazi Germany's leaders, involved 28 leaders of Japan's prewar and wartime governments, of whom seven were sentenced to hang.
Asia's Aushwizt archive.

@_date: 1999-05-16 06:46:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Death penalty for "traitors and communists" and scamming 
Minister to cabbies: you cheat, you die
August 27 2002
Kuala Lumpur: Malaysia's tourism minister has called for tourist-cheating taxi drivers to be shot dead, likening them to "traitors and communists", reports said today.
In an outburst against cabbies who are found to over-charge or mistreat their customers, Abdul Kadir Sheikh Fadzir said they were the "new enemies of our country, the same as communists" and should be shot.
"I am not joking. This is a serious matter. If they can be shot, all the better," he was quoted as saying by the Malay-language Berita Harian daily.
"I will suggest it to the other ministers (during cabinet meeting), but I don't know if they will accept it."
Abdul Kadir said his ministry would also call for lesser, but equally harsh, forms of punishment, including jailing and a lifetime suspension of the taxi license.
He was commenting on a report that some 70 per cent of cab drivers in the capital Kuala Lumpur were prone to taking advantage of tourists by not using standard meters or by taking long routes.
Malaysia's booming tourism industry has embarked on major promotional campaigns around Asia and the Middle East.
The government recorded a total of 12.8 million tourists in 2001, its highest ever and a 25 per cent increase year-on-year, despite experiencing a temporary drop in arrivals after the September 11 attacks.
Last year visitors spent a total of 24.2 billion ringgit ($A11.59 billion), 39 per cent more than in 2000, ensuring that tourism remained Malaysia's second biggest foreign exchange earner, after the manufacturing sector.
The new au shadow minister for "community security" should dig this...he once chased and broke a cabbies arm in a disputed taxiride.
He's been on TV babbling about Panopticons and smacking babies,and they call me a lunatic!

@_date: 1999-05-16 06:57:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: WPA is PALLADIUM!...Oh, and soylent greene is people. 
MS to intro product key check in WinXP SP1 WPA
By John Lettice
Posted: 26/08/2002 at 16:38 GMT
Microsoft has released details of the changes being made in Windows Product Activation (WPA) with WinXP Service Pack 1. As expected, SP1 will fail to install if either of "two well-known pirated product keys" has previously been used to activate the system, and such systems will also be denied access to Windows Update. But the changes will have a far wider impact than this, as Microsoft appears to be trying to cover all currently known holes in WPA security.
When fascist hackers attack.

@_date: 2002-08-27 06:31:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AnneThrax is just misunderstood its part of natures rich 
Claim: Coulter would never want to see the NYT building harmed
Melik Kaylan says Ann Coulter's foes have "tried long and hard to keep ranks closed against her to shut her out of the media game." Americans who have pushed her book to the top of the bestsellers list understand Coulter, he says, while her "infuriated critics" don't. Kaylan asks: "Why would anybody even pretend to believe that Ms. Coulter wishes any real harm to the New York Times or wishes to convert all Muslims forcibly to Christianity (a post-9/11 flight of fancy that got her fired from National Review)?" (Wall Street Journal)
 > Earlier: Coulter regrets McVeigh didn't blow up the NYT building
Mmm,journalism as entertainment,right arm! I didn't mean to threaten any

@_date: 2002-08-27 06:44:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mr Lee's greater Hong Kong. 
of Mdm Ho Ching as Executive Director of Temasek, not on merit, but in order to indulge the interests of the Lee family, or for some other corrupt motive relating to the promotion of the Lee family's interests, and in so doing had failed to discharge his duties as Prime Minister and / or to act in the best interests of Singapore.
Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew and Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong had procured the appointment of Mdm Ho Ching and were therefore guilty of

@_date: 2002-08-27 07:53:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 1 if by space,2 if by sea. 
I've just advised the sheik of two attack on America tactics,anything to keep him away from us.
1) Fire missiles into satellite level orbits designed to blow up and spread space junk.
Those GPS dirty birds are shitting all over you.
2) Build mini-subs,infect rats with various diseases and send them in.This is an old jap idea that should be ergonomic and with a good foot and mouth Those seppo's love their rancid fatburgers.(eat your heart out jeff.)
Summer jihadi's should get out in the woods with their firelighters again,The world is for warming and shrubs are for burning.

@_date: 2002-08-27 08:33:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Veerappan making a fool of LEO's."I will finish all of you".  
Day in the life of a Dacoit...Events that make Veerappan notorious
PTI [ MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 2002 11:31:06 AM ]
COIMBATORE: Lying low for nearly two years after the sensational abduction of Kannada film star Rajkumar, the elusive forest brigand, Veerappan reportedly abducted a former Karnataka Minister on Sunday night, despite strict vigilance by the Special Task Force in the nearby areas.
Following are the events due to which Veerappan gained notoriety and monopolised the forest areas in three states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and parts of Kerala.
July 1987: A Tamil Nadu forest officer Chidambaram was kidnapped and lynched
Jan 1989: Five members of rival gang were kidnapped and killed
Aug 1989: Three forest personnel of Begur forest range of Tamil Nadu killed. Their mutilated bodies were recovered 19 days later
Jan 1990: A sub-inspector and a head constable were shot by Veerappan gang, following gunning down of two of his members by Tamil Nadu police
April 1990: In a first direct attack, Veerappan ambushed and mowed down three sub-inspectors, and a constable, including Dinesh, an officer, who had been 'hot on his trial'
May 1990: Constituted Special Task force to nab the poacher Nov 1990: Shot and beheaded a deputy conservator of forest R Srinivas.
Feb 20 1992: Son of a granite quarry owner kidnapped in Karnataka and Rs 1 crore ransom demanded. Quarry owner paid Rs 15 lakh as ransom
May 20 1992: Swooped down on Ramapura police station, killing policemen and taking away a cache of arms.
June 15 1992: STF killed four of Veerappan's gang in Nellur village. Veerappan sent a note saying "I will finish all of you".
Aug 14 1992: Veerappan trapped STF SP Harikrishna and 27 police personnel. Bombed Harikrishna, Ahmed and four others.
April 1993: A bus carrying Tamil Nadu police personnel was blown up near Palar in a landmine blast, killing 22 persons, including civilians. S P 'Rambo' Gopalakrishna was hurt in the attack.
May 1993: Attacked Karnataka SP Gopal Hosur and party at M M hills, killing six policemen.
Jul 1993: BSF began operations in the forest area, nabbed 19 members of the Aug 1993: Series of encounters with BSF and Veerappan gang claimed lives of 18 gang members and three policemen. Few months later, Veerappan sent an audio cassette, seeking amnesty.
December 1994: DSP, Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Chidambaranathan, and two companions kidnapped from Coimbatore district. They escape on Dec 31 after 27 days under the cover of STF onslaught. Veerappan's brother, Arjunan and two gang members Ayyadurai and Rangaswamy, Nov 1995: Three forest officials kidnapped in Anthiyur forest in Erode. Ransom of Rs.five crore sought. Twenty days later, hostages set free after Rs.3.5 lakh was paid unofficially.
Dec 1995: Veerappan attacks TN STF. Two personnel killed. The attack was in retaliation to the death of Arjunan and Rangaswamy in STF custody.
Jan 1996: Attack on Tamil Nadu SP, Tamil Selvan and Party, killing a constable and injuring the SP
Apr 1997: After a lull of nearly one year, the bullet ridden body of his heir apparent 'baby' Veerappan was discovered from the forest.
Jul 1997: 10 forest personnel kidnapped. One sent back with a surrender offer on a cassette.
Aug 5: Another hostage reached Chennai with the Tamil magazine Nakkeeran editor R R Gopal. Others released later. Dec21'98 Veerappan and gang attacked Vellituurpur police station in TN, decamped with nine guns, After this major operations, Veerappan, with reduced strength of his supporters lay low and sought amnesty and held negotiations with Tamil Nadu government. Apr28 99 Another major attack - three forest officials were kidnapped near Hogenekkal in TN's Dharmapuri District sent letters and audio cassette sent to the district Collector.
Jul 2000: Kannada matinee idol Rajkumar and four others, kidnapped from Doddagajanur guest house on July 30. One of the hostages Nagappa escapes.
Negotiations through Gopal and other leaders, like P Nedumaran seeking release of the actor.
The actor was released after 100 days. Immediately after the release, STF and police personnel from three states intensified search operations.
Veerappan and his gang were reportedly spotted near Chinnampathy forest area, bordering Kerala and in an exchange of fire, the gang fled. Some bags with medicine and arms were recovered from the place.
BSF, under DIG, Vijayakumar (now Chennai Police Commissioner) was summoned to assist the STF in catching the brigand. However, due to tension along the Indian border, the force was gradually withdrawn.
STF was revamped under former DGP, W I Dawaram and searches were intensified in forest areas of Erode, Salem, Nilgiris and Coimbatore districts.
Many gang members, accomplices and aides were arrested from various places and huge amounts of cash recovered from them during the operation.
However, the brigand is still elusive and the sojourn continues.
FRONT PAGE
Veerappan threatens to kill Nagappa
[]Govt runs out of emissaries to deal with Veerappan
[]Nagappa's family critical of police
[]TOI edit: Veerappan Again
[]Veerappan's road to notoriety

@_date: 2002-08-28 05:20:21
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Austin Powers cut by Dr Evil Empire. 
LOS ANGELES - August 26th, Federal prosecutors are indicting Sherman Austin, 19 year old founder / webmaster of Raise the Fist ( an anarchist independent media / direct action network. Sherman is being charged with 2 felony violations of the following: 18 U.S.C. 842 (p)(2)(A): DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION RELATING TO EXPLOSIVES, DESTRUCTIVE DEVICES, AND WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION WITH THE INTENT THAT SUCH INFORMATION BE USED IN FURTHERANCE OF A FEDERAL CRIME OF VIOLENCE; 26 U.S.C. 5861(d): POSSESSION OF A FIREARM WHICH IS NOT REGISTERED TO HIM IN THE NATIONAL FIREARMS REGISTRATION AND TRANSFER RECORD.
Sherman rejected a guilty plea today in court offering him 1 month in jail, 5 months in a half-way house and 3 years supervised release. If found guilty in trial, Sherman could serve a maximum of 3-4 years in prison.
On January 24th, 2002, Sherman became one of the first victims of the new USA Patriot Act when 25 heavily armed FBI agents and secret service surrounded and raided his home in Los Angeles because of his anarchist web site  The entire server was shut down, all computer equipment along with political literature, even protest signs were seized and loaded into a big white truck. Sherman was not arrested until a week later when he decided to attend the World Economic Forum protests in New York. He was arrested by New York police after being targeted law enforcement officials. After spending nearly 30 hours in jail, Sherman was taken into a back room in hand cuffs and interrogated by the FBI and Secret Service for several hours. 10 minutes later he was released from jail with charges dropped. Within minutes he was re-arrested by 6 FBI agents and placed in maximum security federal prison. At his bail hearing he was accused of driving 3,000 miles carry out his "plot" of mass destruction against the WEF event, and on the way back to "blow up" the Olympics in Salt Lake City, Utah. Even though federal agents searched his car in New York, and found absolutely nothing, and there was a blatant lack of evidence, he was denied bail and the judge ordered Sherman be transported to California with a US Marshal escort, as the judge felt "the Government has also shown by clear and convincing evidence that there is a very serious risk of danger to the community"
While awaiting finial extradition to California at a "hub" for prisoners in Oklahoma. Thomas Mrozek, public affairs officer for the U.S. attorney's office in Los Angeles said, "We have opted not to seek an indictment at this time. We are continuing to investigate the matter, but as of right now, he's off the hook."
6 months later, Sherman now faces federal felony charges as he awaits a grand jury indictment before trial.
Link:

@_date: 2002-08-28 05:49:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Vigilantism on the Internet.  
Cartoon of "I won the AP lottery at and newsmakers ASPEN, Colorado--The copyright wars on Capitol Hill have begun to drift into the political equivalent of trench warfare, with Hollywood and the music industry pitted against hardware makers, electronics manufacturers, and ragtag activists at nonprofit groups.
Also you have no ID,get used to it.

@_date: 2002-08-28 06:53:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Savvydata countermeasures 
As the notoriety of hackers and cyberterrorists grows, there's a tendency to forget about the threat to computer networks from disgruntled employees or insiders committing economic espionage or financial crimes.
In recent years, corporations and governments have rushed to construct network firewalls, add antivirus software and set up intrusion detector systems, but none of those security tools can stop the determined insider from stealing company secrets or diverting funds or stock.
Yet more than a third of all corporate computer crime is the result of unauthorized access by insiders, according to the 2002 survey by the Computer Security Institute/Federal Bureau of Investigation.
While the percentage of computer crime committed by insiders has fallen as the attacks from outside hackers via the Internet has grown, the Computer Security Institute warns "the insider threat is still very real and very A Fort Lauderdale firm, Savvydata Inc., has developed a security program, called RedAlert, specifically designed to thwart that insider with a bad attitude or a criminal bent.
RedAlert can protect sensitive data in a variety of applications from being accessed, printed, e-mailed, copied or saved to a disk by unauthorized employees on the network and provide a secure audit trail. It can block any unauthorized action and send an immediate alert, either to a company's own system administrator, or to Savvydata's monitoring service, which is based in the NAP of the Americas in Miami for added security. It can also lock down data in laptops that turn up missing.
If a wayward executive with full access does try to steal data, he may not be blocked, but he could still generate an alert, and will definitely leave a clear audit trail behind, which may well act as a deterrent. Each company sets its own policy for each document and each employee and can even set the hours of authorized access.
Michael Nevins, chief executive officer of Savvydata, called RedAlert a type of intrusion detector software -- only from the inside out.
Like most of the executives at Savvydata, Nevins comes from a law enforcement background. In 1991, he headed up Colorado's High Technologies Crime Unit, which assisted city, county and state law enforcement agencies in investigating computer crimes. He later started his own company, Millennium Investigations, which was acquired by Savvydata in 2000.
RedAlert is a new product that is currently being evaluated by 22 companies around the world, from Norway to Korea, Nevins said. Savvydata recently signed on with DynTek Inc., an Irvine, Calif.-based systems integrator and technology consultant for state and local governments, to include RedAlert in the product mix it offers to customers.
"RedAlert brings to the table a very specific solution at the desktop level in a market that is wide open," said J. Hansen, DynTek's national director for security services, who said his company evaluated numerous security solutions before partnering with Savvydata. "There are not a lot of competing products that do exactly what they do. It is absolutely prime for our markets."
While there are other software products aimed at nabbing insiders, most take a different approach, monitoring network traffic or operating system logs. RedAlert monitors specific activity related to specific documents or The product is also going to be featured in a leading trade magazine, Information Security, as its September Hot Pick, according to associate editor Christine St. Pierre.
But RedAlert is only one part of Savvydata, which also has an online database search division, and an investigative computer forensics division. The searches are often used for pre-employment screenings and legal cases, and the forensic investigations extract evidence from computers primarily for use in court.
The company hopes to create some synergy between its RedAlert product and its data-mining capabilities. The plan is to offer a package that would investigate employees caught by RedAlert trying to breach network security policies. The profile might be set up to flag personal activities such as a recent bankruptcy or an arrest related to substance abuse.
"Employees' activities are influenced by their outside lives," Nevins said. "This would add an outside perspective to internal computer security."
Nevins admits the concept can be a little scary, but adds that in today's environment, it is more important than ever to protect inside information. Such profiles would be generated not across the board, but for employees whose behavior has taken them "past the point of just being suspicious," he The database and forensic investigations divisions of Savvydata are profitable, and are expected to produce $1 million in revenues this year, Nevins said. But the overall company, which has raised $6.2 million from angel investors and private placements since it was formed in 1997, is not.
However, Nevins said there are $56 million worth of pending contracts for RedAlert, and he anticipates sales of the product by the end of the year. He said he expects Savvydata to be profitable in the fourth quarter.END.

@_date: 2002-08-28 07:16:54
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "jesus POWELL! How do you know that's not just some terrorist 
Media Transparency
The Powell Manifesto
How A Prominent Lawyer's Attack Memo Changed America
Jerry M. Landay
POSTED AUGUST 20, 2002 --
America's Second Gilded Age has been scoured of its glitter, along with the platitudes that its town criers preached -- "too much government," "market infallibility," and "prosperity forever."
The house that so-called New Conservatism built has operated on the principle that "ideas have consequences." The principal "ideas" they marketed were individual gain over public good, deregulation, big tax cuts, and privatization. For two decades, since the installation of Ronald Reagan in 1980, the radical right has run a tightly coordinated campaign to seal its hold on the organs of power, ranging from the highest law courts to the largest corporations, from the White House to Capitol Hill, from television tubes to editorial pages, and across college campuses.
They have constructed a well-paid activist apparatus of idea merchants and marketeers -- scholars, writers, journalists, publishers, and critics - to sell policies whose intent was to ratchet wealth upward. They have intimidated the mainstream media, and filled the vacuum with editors, columnists, talk-show hosts, and pundits who have turned conservatism into a career tool. They have waged a culture war to reduce the rich social heritage of liberalism to a pejorative. And they have propagated a mythic set of faux-economic values that have largely served those who financed the movement in the first place
They shifted the nation rightward; tilted the distribution of the nation's assets away from the middle class and the poor, the elderly, and the young; they red-penciled laws and legal precedents at the heart of American justice. They aimed to corporatize Medicare and Social Security. They marketed class values while accusing their opponents of "class warfare." They loosened or repealed the rights and protections of organized labor and the poor, voters, and minorities. They slashed the taxes of corporations and the rich, and rolled back the economic gains of the rest. They came to dominate or heavily influence centers of scholarship, law, and politics, education, and governance - or put new ones in their place. Their litigation teams nearly overthrew an elected President. And, to maintain power, proclaimed Constitutionalists on the right, to this day, wage a concerted counter- revolution against such Constitutional guarantees as free speech and separation of church and state
Movement conservatism was a power tool formulated by scholars such as Irving Kristol, political organizers like the late Treasury Secretary William Simon, opinion molders and popularizers such as William F. Buckley, and a phalanx of think-tank operatives including Edwin Feulner and Paul Weyrich. A highly integrated front of activist organizations has been generously funded by the banking and oil money of the Mellon-Scaifes of Pittsburgh, the manufacturing fortunes of Lynde and Harry Bradley of Milwaukee, the energy revenues of the Koch family of Kansas, the chemical profits of John M. Olin of New York, the Vicks patent-medicine empire of the Smith Richardson family of Greensboro, N.C., and the brewing assets of the Coors dynasty of Colorado, and others.
Their grants have paid for a veritable constellation of think tanks, pressure groups, special-interest foundations, litigation centers, scholarly research and funding endowments, publishing and TV production houses, media attack operations, political consultancies, polling mills, and public-relations operations. The concerted campaigns they run, also underwritten by such self-interested corporations as those in healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and finance, have weakened the AARP, the Food and Drug Administration, Head Start, Medicare, and welfare programs.
This has amounted to the greatest organized power grab in American political history. Astonishingly, it goes largely unreported on television, radio, and most newspapers
Its media-attack tactics have largely silenced the critical attention of the mainstream press. Americans, therefore, remain largely unaware of the sweeping changes movement conservatism has wrought
Few are aware of the critical role played in the political power shift rightward by a prominent Richmond attorney and community leader, Lewis F. Powell, Jr., at the very threshold of a distinguished career on the U.S. Supreme Court
Jerry M. Landay has produced public-affairs programs for PBS and commentaries for NPR. He is assoc. professor emeritus in journalism at the University of Illinois, a former CBS and ABC news correspondent, and writes on national and media issues.
[This is a very long, but very important article.  I hope you will click through and read the entire piece.  We MUST fight back.  If you havenÂ’t signed up to contribute the price of one movie ticket per month to support Buy Back Our Government, I hope you will do so now.Â—Caro]
And hereÂ’s the memo that started it all, also posted at
Media Transparency
ATTACK ON AMERICAN FREE ENTERPRISE SYSTEM
On August 23, 1971, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce distributed the Powell Memorandum to its national membership of leading executives, businesses, and trade associations. The memo, published here in its entirety, constituted the entire contents of the issue of its regular publication WASHINGTON REPORT to members.
It bore the headline: CONFIDENTIAL MEMO. ATTACK ON AMERICAN FREE ENTERPRISE SYSTEM.

@_date: 2002-08-28 07:36:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: If everything can ultimately be liberated, then why bother 
Nondiscretionary Controls: can't live with 'em, can't...
...can't get 'em right.
In my quest to build real security into both Notes and Groove, I've repeatedly run into tough issues related to nondiscretionary controls and other challenges in the ex post facto control of released information.
I'm well aware of the fact that this sounds, to most people, like a very geeky and obscure problem; something that they shouldn't have to deal with. But in fact it's an issue that's at the forefront of Hollywood's digital dilemma, and it's something that every PC user should really understand. And it's probably worth a rant.
Let me first try to explain it in straightforward terms:
1) In order to view or use or otherwise consume information on your PC - regardless of whether it's text, or music, or numbers in a spreadsheet - the information must first be transmitted to your PC. It's there, on your PC.
2) The originator of that information sometimes wishes to exercise restrictive controls over how you may consume that information, even once it's resident on your PC. Perhaps they want to limit it to one listening, or one viewing. Maybe they don't want you to press the "Print Screen" key. Maybe they don't want you exporting it, or forwarding it to someone else, or taking it with you after you leave the company. Let's refer to this as "Digital Restrictions Management", or DRM.
3) Let's even go further and say that you are the original creator of content. But that you create it within the context of a DRM system. Thus, a party other than the creator can limit the creator's free will in exercising control over the content that they created.
Welcome to the world of Nondiscretionary Controls. That is, controls that can involuntarily release you of your control.
Why is this an issue? Well, people who are serious about security insist that, on principle, you shouldn't give people a false sense of security by creating products that protect information with a veneer that can trivially be stripped away by a competent programmer, engineer, or rocket scientist. The simple rule of thumb is as follows: if the data is on your PC and can be consumed even once, it's ultimately uncontrollable. Why? Because then it's just a matter of cleverness and time and cost before someone can "liberate" it from its controls.
(Trusted Computing initiatives and efforts such as Palladium aim to close even these holes, but require hardware not present in today's PC.)
MORE ON

@_date: 2002-08-28 07:39:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Police sued after computer seized.YEAH! 
Wichita police sued by KC man
The 27-year-old says officers had no right to seize his computer while investigating an Internet chat room involving sex with minors.
BY TIM POTTER
The Wichita Eagle
The only thing Gary L. Moore Jr. is guilty of is having a sexual fantasy, which is no crime, his lawyer contends.
Wichita lawyer Steve Joseph includes the argument in a lawsuit filed in federal court Monday against Wichita police Detective Jennifer Wright.
The lawsuit contends Wright wrongly seized items from Moore, and it says authorities wrongly accused Moore of trying to have sex with a minor.
The lawsuit seeks at least $100,000 in damages.
State and federal charges against Moore have been dismissed, Joseph said. But Moore, a 27-year-old self-employed computer programmer from the Kansas City, Mo., area, has lost income and suffered "mental anguish" because of his arrest and the seizure of his computer, Joseph said.
Law enforcement officers have some immunity from lawsuits but not in this case because the seizure did not occur in good faith, Joseph said.
Spokesmen for Wichita police and the city legal department could not be reached for comment or declined to comment.
Authorities arrested Moore in March as part of an undercover investigation involving the exploited and missing child unit.
Joseph said Moore admits to using a computer chat room for adults that involved sexual role-playing.
Moore began an online chat with an undercover detective claiming to be a 13-year-old girl, but Moore thought the person was an adult only pretending to be a girl, Joseph said.
Using phone calls with a woman's voice and a photo that depicted a woman trying to look like a girl, detectives "lured" Moore to a Wichita hotel, Joseph said.
Joseph said Wright had no probable cause when she seized computer equipment and other items from Moore's hotel room and car.
Some of the seizure went beyond the scope of a search warrant, Joseph said.END.
"I want to fly like an eagle..."

@_date: 2002-08-28 08:19:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bomb American. 
"A drive from the district to Washington Dulles International Airport in Virginia will reveal a region that is light-years away from what it was 30 years ago. When Dulles opened in 1962, it was seen by many as nothing more than a white elephant-too far from Washington (26 miles) and too big to be of any real use. Dulles may still be a less con-venient alternative to the charming and ever-so-close Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, but it is one of the fastest-growing airports in the country. It has become so crowded, in fact, that the passengers rushing through Eero Saarinen's soaring terminal overwhelm the once funky but now pokey mobile lounges. The once empty Dulles Toll Road, which stretches from the airport to the gargantuan Tysons Corner office and shopping complex on the Beltway, has seen changes galore as well. Lined with tech companies of all sorts, the toll road now serves as Fairfax County's high-tech main street. AOL (now AOL Time Warner), which grew up here, now occupies a large and sprawling headquarters in neighboring Loudoun County, Va., on the west side of Dulles. Other companies with their headquarters here include Nextel Communications, Deltek Systems, KPMG Consulting, MicroStrategy, TruSecure, Software AG, and Convera. Oracle, Cisco Systems, Sun Microsystems, Computer Associates International, and VeriSign have offices in Fairfax County. The city of McLean, Va.-now the residence of choice for republican bigwigs, as opposed to the democratic Bethesda, Md.-houses the massive and showy new headquarters for Gannett as well as a large broadband solution center run by KPMG Consulting."
 From a 4 page article on DC at...
Did you know the Govt employee's ratio has halved to 20%? Call off the Nuke's!

@_date: 2002-08-28 08:45:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Invade Malaysia 
Its logged the shit out of it's own and it's neighbors forests,one minister wants a bounty on the last tigers in the place while another wants taxi drivers who may be lost,killed.
It's an authoritarian muslim hellhole with all the mass torture,false imprisonment,deportations,etc that go with it and if all that wasn't enough...Malaysia stands by anti-sodomy law
KUALA LUMPUR, June 13 - The Malaysian government firmly rejected a call by a U.S.-based human rights group to scrap a law against sodomy that underpins criminal charges against jailed former finance minister Anwar "This is unthinkable," Deputy Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi was quoted in the Star newspaper as saying.
"We have our traditions and values. Most importantly, all religions practised by Malaysians do not permit anal sex...

@_date: 2002-08-28 10:00:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Denver window of spy file opportunity. 
Release of intelligence files on activists go public Sept 3rd
With over 3200 individuals and 200 organizations in the Denver P.D.'s misnamed, "intelligence database", it's a sure bet that if you think you're on the list then....
Procedures for picking up your spy files during a 60 day window have been released. After that the files will be destroyed and new files will be started under new guidelines. The new three-judge panel recommendations came from dubious sources such as the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit (LEIU).
If you are an individual and/or group representative you need to fill out this Request for Intelligence File form. If you are trying to obtain a group file you need to fill out and have notarized an additional Affidavit of Representation form. Have these forms ready to go when the Spy Files Action takes place on Tuesday September 3rd at 5:30 pm.

@_date: 2002-08-28 10:16:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jailed for chalking in Kalifornia and "rampant, reckless 
POLICE JAIL HOMELESS ACTIVIST FOR "VANDALISM" CHALKING
IN NEW ESCALATION OF WAR ON POOR DOWNTOWN; ERASABLE
CHALK USER FINDS JAIL CONDITIONS GRIM AND ABUSIVE
Security Experts Concur Most of You Have Nothing Worth Encrypting Anyway
San Jose, Calif. Â— In an unusual worldwide appeal, the International Brotherhood of Computer Hackers today asked particularly boring people to please stop encrypting their emails.
    Cracking messages like this are a waste
    of valuable hacker time, say hackers.
According to IBCH President BjÃ¶rn Haxor, hackers spend thousands of hours intercepting and cracking open encrypted emails Â— believing it to be "the good stuff" Â— only to find most contain little more than "Two priests walk into a bar," or "Hi Bob, here's my new email address."
"Maybe you think hacking coded messages is simple, but it's not Â— well, except for the Microsoft Outlook ones," said Haxor. "The rest of it is a pain in the backdoor. So here's a tip: if you encrypt just because you want to keep your personal information 'secret,' but all you're encrypting is blather about your stupid promotion or a recipe for fruit salad, guess what? Your secret's already out. You're dull."
"Please, keep it to yourself and stop wasting our time," he added.
Instead, Haxor said, people should only encrypt if they are going to send information such as passwords, credit card numbers, blueprints for an unreleased product, or confidential sales figures. Barring that, he advised, "at least give us something revealing, like you slept with your boss's wife, or his Airedale."
In fact, some frustrated hackers have begun to fight back against what they call "rampant, reckless encryption."
"I had one guy at Oracle who encrypted everything, and 80 percent of his emails were gripes about his department head," said IBCH member BlackDogg77. "I got so fed up, I bounced all the emails back to the guy's boss and got him fired. I mean, why should I put up with that shit?"
"Or Al Gore," Haxor added. "The other day I'm monitoring some government servers, and I see all these encrypted emails from Gore. Hey Al, news alert: You're Al Gore. No one cares anymore. Give it up."
Surprisingly, computer security experts agree. "I get this all the time: 'Should I encrypt? I don't want anyone to steal my identity,'" said LockUpOnline President Bing D'aahl. "The textbook answer has been 'Yes,' but now we are advising people to first ask themselves, 'Do I have an identity that anyone would really want to steal?'"
If you answer truthfully, D'aahl said, chances are you'll forego the digital ID and save everyone a lot of trouble.
"Remember, the Internet wasn't built just for you," Haxor added.

@_date: 2002-08-29 17:40:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jim Bell quoting anarchist set for trial on S-11 
Dear Dec
Please leave out my e-mail TIA.(and thanks for helping me clean my clock.)
Following on from previous Politech posts at...
An important case for free speech online is due soon in Melb.au.Professor rat,(me),an entertainment journalist with the Indymedia group is charged with 2 counts of ,'threat's to kill,' and two counts of using a device to It's possible to get 20 years for these offences,(a multiple rapist was sentenced to 45 years for 3 rape offences recently here.)
Discovery has revealed 2 main pieces of evidence supposedly copies from a 'ghost' copy of the entire seized hard drive.One looks like an e-mail that's time stamped with the same date as the offending post and was sent to 'self',the time difference is at least an hour.Someone apparently copied and sent back to self the post within a couple of hours.This someone is assumed to be me by the police complainant.
The other piece is supposedly a copy off the main copy that is a screen shot of the second offending post as seen at Indymedia.Its not conventually time stamped at all.
In au legal aid is very hard to obtain and lawyers actually held a street march recently in Melbourne, to call for more funding.I was approved in January, of aid to regain my laptop,this was unsuccessful.
   The police have managed to lie to me,steal from me,lock me up in cells since condemned unfit for humans,kept my depreciating computer over a year,colluded with my mental health team to increase my medication 3 or 4 times,have me tested with needles in another town at some expense to me.When that 'treatment' was refused I was nearly certified for a weekend for no reason.
US interest has been exposed by federal police documents obtained under the FOI act.Documents exhibit a PROMIS # no.Complaints to the professional standards department of the AFP are underway as are ones to the Health commission.My case worker said that extradition to the US was mentioned as a possibility.(Cinci or the pacifier letters?) Anyone who doubts APster ,simply as a TACTIC is missing the boat.Declan is correct to describe the AP essay as a long winded screed,I am personally mainly interested in the 'soft drilling' part of it, (and the LEOs extraordinary response to it.)
I was diagnosed with simple schizophrenia in the early eighties.I am prescribed Olanzapine.(Zoloft) The post described as one of my typical rants is in fact a selected repost from the C/punks list,circa 1996.I don't apologize for posting as much as possible before being gagged and/or imprisoned like JB and CJ.
Plainly there is insufficient evidence to bring State charges,a sen.Conts.Martin Holland is on record for stating in court that,"anyone can download there,"(at Indy.)
The complainant,sen.Conts nic Conte,came at me with a knife at the police station and sliced my drawstring off my jogging pants.8 months after surfing Indy and downloading 'evidence' to hard copy he claims to,"know nothing about computers."
The computer squad officer took the 'threats' so seriously that the next day after my laptop was seized he started off on another case.(a pedophile in a Govt office)
Conte claims to be afraid of threats of 'molotovs'.About a month ago police in Italy admitted to planting actual molotovs to justify an extremely violent raid on an Indymedia location.
Trial is adversarial in au and sept's hearing is a "contest mention."before a Magistrate.I have a list of questions yet have not met my lawyer yet,his name is Jarrod Williams and he has been referred to me by Cameron Ford at Kyneton's firm,Palmer,Stevens and Rennick.Win lose or draw,I look forward to this case finally being heard,snippets of info are available as they come to hand at C/punks and I will post a detailed impression of the trial there and on Melbourne Indymedia.
Re The improper psychiatric interference under the guise of 'investigation.' I just wrote this to an aussie anarchist...
police and a Mental Health team plotted to increase his medication 3 or 4
times and stick needles in him to monitor drugs.The patient would have had
to pay to get to his blood tests.(in another town.) This collusion occurred
earlier this year and the evidence for the proposed actions was
secret.Several lines are blacked out though a reference to US input remains
as does a PROMIS no on a couple of the documents.When the anarchist rang to
complain to the 'professional standards' Dept of the Federal Police he was
asked for his PROMIS hash no.The use of PROMIS in several countries is
suspected as a tool of repression and murder.(Guatamala,occupied Palestine
and the old South Africa.It is a software tracking method originally stolen
from a small Co called INSLAW by the justice Dept of the US Govt.
In Russia dissidents had a special diagnosis called 'sluggish
schizophrenia.There was a story in last weekends australian about
instituting guidelines for the chaining of mental patients to their beds in
Adelaide Hospital.
Privacy legislation is meant to protect patients records so a complaint has
been made to the Health Commission of Vic.When a response is forthcoming
further complaints may ensue ,to the professional bodies of those State
criminals, involved in this sordid and disquieting episode.
yrs etc.
Patient X

@_date: 2002-08-29 17:52:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: rebuttal in ongoing APster stoush  
"We have always lived in slums and holes in the wall. We will know how to accommodate ourselves for a time. For you must not forget, we can also build. It is we who built those palaces and cities here in Spain and America and everywhere. We, the workers, can build others to take their place. And better ones. We are not in the least afraid of ruins. WE are going to inherit the earth. There is not the slightest doubt about that. The bourgeoisie might blast and ruin its own world before it leaves the stage of history. We carry a new world, here in our hearts. That world is growing this minute." Buenaventura Durruti:

@_date: 2002-08-29 18:41:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 2 Billion $ worth of Victorian police corruption. 
2b drug case shock
By ELISSA HUNT, Magistrates' Court reporter
CHARGES against a man accused of a $2 billion drug conspiracy have been And the case against the man's brother, accused drug baron Antonios Mokbel, was yesterday put off indefinitely because of a drug squad corruption probe.
Prosecutors told a court they did not know when the investigation by police ethical standards officers would finish -- or how it might affect the case.
The admission paves the way for millionaire businessman Mr Mokbel to make another bid for release on bail.
He is facing 18 state charges over an alleged drug syndicate worth $2 billion, and a Commonwealth case relating to cocaine importation.
On August 9, Supreme Court Justice Murray Kellam refused him bail on the grounds that he posed a risk of fleeing, committing more offences, interfering with witnesses or obstructing the course of justice.
But the judge raised concerns about the delay in the preliminary hearings of the two cases, which were planned for October 16 and November 25.
He said the public would not tolerate the indefinite detention of suspects.
Justice Kellam granted Mr Mokbel permission to apply again if the Commonwealth prosecution was unable to go ahead on the scheduled date.
Yesterday the Melbourne Magistrates' Court was told neither the Commonwealth nor state cases could go ahead because of the corruption probe.
Mr Mokbel, 37, was arrested on August 24 last year in Victoria's biggest drug sting.
His brother, Milad Mokbel, 34, of Brunswick, was arrested in November and charged with possessing, trafficking and conspiring to traffic ephedrine.
Milad Mokbel's bail application at Melbourne Magistrates' Court was told there was evidence linking him to a 550kg shipment of ephedrine.
It was alleged that his fingerprints had been found on a shipping document detailing the movements of the container of ephedrine, and he had been mentioned in recorded conversations between co-accused.
Milad Mokbel was released on bail last November with a $100,000 surety.
Yesterday the three drugs charges against him were withdrawn during an administrative hearing before magistrate Phillip Goldberg.
A spokesman for the state Director of Public Prosecutions last night said the ESD investigation was not related to the charges being withdrawn.
The case against Milad Mokbel could not proceed because there was insufficient evidence, he said.

@_date: 2002-08-29 19:03:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Basques-Papuans banned.BAN the STATE! 
Jakarta to outlaw Papuan activists
By Don Greenlees, Jakarta correspondent
August 29, 2002
INDONESIAN police have drawn up plans to outlaw the main Papuan independence organisation in a crackdown on separatism aimed at preventing Papua from becoming a "second East Timor".
Minutes of internal police meetings and documents obtained by The Australian, reveal a strategy to put the Papuan Presidium, the leading civilian proponent of an independent Papua, out of business, possibly by arresting and prosecuting its leaders.
The 60-day operation, known as Adil Matoa, began this month with the aim of identifying separatists or separatist organisations, arresting and prosecuting individuals "committing treason or attacks against the state" and shutting down organisations conducting separatist activities.
According to the minutes of a three-hour meeting on July 5, attended by 16 high-ranking officers of the Papua provincial police, the operation would seek to prosecute Presidium members "according to the law (by obtaining) clear evidence that their activities are towards the illegal separation of Papua from Indonesia".
It warns that police need to take action to stop Papua becoming another East Timor.
The moves to set up surveillance against Papuan political activists and pave the way for prosecutions come amid heightened determination in Jakarta to prevent separatist movements around the country building momentum for their causes.
Analysis by the armed forces intelligence agency has played down the risks posed by the ill-equipped, poorly co-ordinated and relatively inactive armed wing of the Papuan resistance. But according to sources, armed forces intelligence is concerned about the potential for the political wing to build support, particularly overseas.
There are fears that foreign lobbying activities could help change sentiment in countries such as the US and Australia, where governments support continued Indonesian rule based on Jakarta offering local autonomous rule.
Exerting pressure on the civilian political movement is seen as the most effective way of containing the growth of pro-independence activity. An order signed by the Papuan police chief, Made Pastika, on July 17, initiating the operation, states that activities to combat Papuan separatists are to be carried out within the province, elsewhere in Indonesia and abroad.
In this document, targets of the operation are cited as "suspected civilians and community organisations that have a vision and mission oriented towards the separation of Papua from the Indonesian republic and endangering the unity of the nation by violating national law".
It also cites civilians and community organisations that "object to government policy using the cover of violation of human rights (and) violation of indigenous rights" and conduct activities that can "undermine the dignity of the government and state".
Fearing the operation will trigger a round-up of civilian political and human rights activists, a national human rights group wrote to the police chief accusing the police of trying to turn legitimate human rights work into "a cheap issue to clamp down on innocent people".
The letter by the Commission for Missing Persons and Victims of Violence (Kontras) warns the operation will only lead to a repeat of the "crimes against humanity committed in the past, for which the state was never held A written reply from police headquarters in Jakarta maintains there is a "strong reason" to run operation Adil Matoa because there is evidence "suspected individuals and community organisations have a mission (and) tried to build public opinion domestically and abroad to unify their vision for an independent Papua".
"We hope that those illegal organisations will disband out of their own conscience," the letter states, in what activists regard as a reference to the Papuan Presidium.

@_date: 2002-08-29 19:38:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Thuggee Coppers.Cash for Kidneys. 
Cops commit robbery in Sabarmati Express
PTI [ THURSDAY, AUGUST 29, 2002 12:35:01 PM ]
KANPUR: Three policemen robbed at gun point passengers travelling in a general compartment of the Sabarmati Express, while two persons were injured in the ensuing scuffle, railway police said here on Thursday.
The passengers, about three dozen of them, were robbed by the armed cops between Orai and Pukhrayan stations on Kanpur-Jhansi route late on Wednesday night, they said.
According to reports, the policemen entered the coach and demanded Rs 50 from each passenger. When the passengers objected, they allegedly started beating them with gun butts, injuring Santoo, a resident of Unnao district and Ram Babu of Faizabad, the General Railway Police, Kanpur said.
They also opened the luggages of some passengers and after looting their belongnings, got down at Pukhrayan and escaped, the GRP said.
However, no formal complaint about the robbery was lodged with Kanpur GRP, they added.
UK doctor puts Indian kidneys up for sale
RASHMEE Z AHMED
TIMES NEWS NETWORK [ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 2002 6:47:51 PM
LONDON: India has once again come to unhealthy prominence as one of the world's leading underground organ bazaars with the revelation that a Britain-based Indian doctor agreed to broker the cut-price sale of a kidney from a living Indian donor.

@_date: 2002-08-29 22:39:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Net Repression,Michigan. 
Feds Rousting Adult Websites; Tying Them into Kiddie Porn
The state of Michigan is demanding that six Web site billing companies stop processing payments from computer users interested in getting child pornography online. But now the edict is extending beyond kiddie porn to mainstream adult websites.
Michigan's attorney General Jennifer Granholm announced yesterday that her office has issued cease and desist orders to BillCards, CardBilling, Ccbill, LancelotSecurity, iBill and Trust-Bill. Each of the companies were notified that providing access to and collecting proceeds from members on behalf of child pornography Web sites constituted aiding and abetting child porn distribution, which is illegal in Michigan.
However a livid Frank Bongiorno one of the directors of the Barely Legal series reports that his website frankiesangels.com has been turned off buy iBill which was labeled by Granholm as one of  "the keepers of the keys to child porn Web sites across the globe" and would be taken to criminal court. "They turned off my site this morning without any evidence whatsoever," said Bongiorno, referring to iBill. "I have a completely legal site. I have all the 2257 paperwork in my lap right now. I'm going over all ID's and model releases. I got for that barely legal market. I have a lot of young girls on my site, but there's absolutely no children on my site." Bongiorno says he's been on the line with attorney Jeffrey Douglas who's checking his content and had just appeared on a webmaster's radio show. "I'm putting the word out there that iBill is not backing us up," he said. "They got scared- they got threatened and they just cut us off." Asked what iBill's accounting of the situation was, Bongiorno said he was told that iBill was under investigation for promoting the sale of child pornography [Granholm said she believes this is the first time law enforcement has gone after these types of Internet billers]. "They said because of that they turned off our billing," Bongiorno added. "They literally make billions off the adult industry every year and after all the money we make for them they turn us off without any evidence. Just because the attorney general threatened their merchant accounts."

@_date: 2002-08-29 22:43:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Man in the middle attacked. 
Conversations with Frank Bongiorno
Kelly from frankiesangels.com
Model Kelly who's featured on frankiesangels.com looks like a healthy piece of ass to us. But definitely not underage. However try convincing iBill, Frank Bongiorno's billing company which just pulled the plug on him in the wake of a campaign of terror now being waged by Michigan attorney general Jennifer Granholm who's running for governor. Surprise, surprise. Yesterday Granholm issued a cease and desist to six billing companies one of which is iBill essentially suggesting that they were aiding and abetting child Gene: I've been looking through your members' site and I don't see anything that's even remotely questionable.
Bongiorno: Surprisingly, neither did I. And I happen to be vehemently opposed to child pornography.
Gene: Other than to say you've got some smokin' girls.
Bongiorno: Thank you. That's our intention.
Gene: Girls from San Diego, right?
Bongiorno: Yes.
Gene: I got to move down there, man. It's brutal up here. I can't take it Bongiorno: I get new girls- secretaries, waitresses, housewives, college girls. They come in and do a few scenes, a few pictorials, maybe a movie and they go back to their regular jobs. This is the only place you're going to see these girls. They're just young, beautiful girls who share a bit of their normally private sex lives with us for our entertainment. They're not poisoned by the Valley. They're not on every boxcover. They're just young, fresh, beautiful girls. Believe it or not the vast majority are clean and not on drugs.
Gene: We're definitely operating out of the wrong neck of the woods.
Bongiono: The Valley has become poisoned with the routine- the same agents and the same cycles. I started down in San Diego but everyone told me I had to go to L.A. to get big. I said I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it my way. It's taken me four years of plugging away and making a name for myself.
Gene: This is what you do, just go out there talent scouting and shoot.
Bongiorno: I treat the models so well I never have to advertise or scout any more. The new girls who work for me, each one refers two or three girls to me. I turn down girls every week. It doesn't cost me a dime in advertising.
Gene: Aaaaaagh, stop, you're killing me!
Bongiorno: It's awesome; I love it down here. I initially started doing some advertising when I didn't have a name.
Gene: To me this is the ultimate all-American wet dream where as a photographer you see girls in a mall, you walk up to her, hand her a card, blah, blah, blah.
Bongiorno: I don't do that. I'm embarrassed. I hate bothering people. That's not my style. But I make sure that when a model comes into my office, I treat her like a princess with respect. I know she has ten friends and she'll refer them to me. I used to advertise once a month for two days. I've stopped doing that.
Gene: How did you make your break in the business?
Bongiorno: I made my first two movies myself. I didn't have a distributor. I just packed my van with videos and went from video store to distributor to video store and kept selling them until I made enough money where I could go make another one. I was having Trac Tech duplicate for me. I'd pick them up then go up and down the coast selling my movies myself. I made some decent money doing that. Eventually one of my screeners got to Hustler and they wanted to talk to me about shooting for Barely Legal.
Gene: I'm flabbergasted by the extent of the talent working for you but really riled at the position iBill has taken with you.
Bongiorno: If it was good enough for Larry Flynt it was good enough for me. I'm kind of glad I got singled out. I'll stand up and fight. I'm not doing anything wrong. I'm a disabled veteran. I fought for some rights and I damn well plan on using some of them. They've put pressure on the billing companies and it's all because of this Jennifer Granholm. She's running for governor and is looking for some votes. They've picked the wrong people to screw with.
Gene: And iBill folded so easily.
Bongiorno: Supposedly Ccbill got the same notification but they notified their webmasters. They haven't shut them off yet. I just got off the phone with Epic who said they'd get back to me whether they can take me on. We're putting together all our paperwork to prove how legal we are. Actually we tried to call iBill on air during the webmasters' radio show and question them about it. They hung up on us. Ten minutes later my sales rep at iBill e-mailed me asking if I'm able to send them all my paperwork. I don't know how many thousands of sheets I have which is a part of this 2257 compliance. They want me to fax over all my paperwork.

@_date: 2002-08-29 22:56:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Kournikova,the social virus. 
Penthouse Readers Sue Over Kournikova
They wanted to see Anna naked. They didn't see Anna naked. Hence a class action has been filed in Chicago by readers who bought the June issue of Penthouse magazine, saying they were defrauded by the promise of nude photos of tennis star Anna Kournikova. The magazine buyers said they paid for the magazine based on a headline, "Exclusive Anna Kournikova Caught Close Up on Nude Beach." But they did not get what they paid for. The photos are those of another woman, Judith Soltesz-Benetton. Both women have since sued the magazine and its publisher over the mistake.
The class action suit was brought against General Media Communications Inc., publisher of Penthouse which has a monthly circulation of 654,000. As a result of the deceptive headline, according to the complaint, Penthouse was able to double its circulation for the month of June to nearly 1.2 million. Penthouse also raised the newsstand price for that one issue from $7.99 to $8.99. The photographs in question were taken in Florida by a jewelry salesman videotaping sunbathers, says the complaint. He was approached by General Media Communications Inc. who analyzed the video stills declaring the images of Kournikova to be authentic, according to the complaint. As early as April, the tennis star, through her agents, denied that they were authentic, but Penthouse published the photographs anyway more than a month later.
The action was filed in Chancery Court in Cook County by Aron Robinson, a sole practitioner, on behalf of those who bought the Kournikova issue at newsstands. The complaint claimed breach of contract, consumer fraud and breach of express warranty, and makes a general claim for reimbursement of the price of the magazine to the class.

@_date: 2002-08-30 00:20:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Recipe for explosive justice. 
When individuals distribute information about or alternatively manufacture explosives they are prosecuted. When corporations manufacture explosive devices and sell them to people/countries who use them to kill and opress other people it's acceptable and encouraged. Does posting a route to R.D.X. makes one a criminal or does it turn this page into a terrorist page(Oh, my oh my)!! ;)
Manufacture: 100mL of 95% or better white nitric acid, 14g of hexamethylenetetramine, 16g of ammonium nitrate, 100mL of acetone, A 150mL beaker, A 250mL beaker, A 500mL beaker, A hot water bath, A cold water/ice bath, A glass rod, A thermometer, 1000mL of distilled water, 100mL of 10% sodium carbonate solution, A filter funnel, Two filter papers.
1) Pour the nitric acid into the 250mL beaker, and put it into the cold water bath. 2) Add the ammonium nitrate, abd stir it until it dissolves. 3) While keeping the temperature at around 25*C, stir in the hexamethylenetetramine. 4) When it has all been added, stir it for 10 minutes while warming it up to 50*C to 55*C in the hot water bath. 5) Hold it at 50*C to 55*C for 5 minutes, and then let it cool back down to 20*C. 6) Pour 300mL of distilled water into the 500mL beaker, and add the reaction to it. 7) Leave it to precipitate the R.D.X., and filter it out. 8) Wash the solid in the filter with 150mL of water, then the sodium carbonate soltion, then with the remaining 150mL of water. 9) Scoop the crystals out into the 150mL beaker, and add the acetone. 10) Warm it to 50*C in the hot water bath, and filter it. 11) Dump the filtrate into 400mL of cold, distilled water, and filter out the crystals. 12) Leave the crystals spread out to dry.
Does this sound right to youse?

@_date: 2002-08-30 01:01:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Air Nazi's and pig-headed approach to policing. 
Holocaust survivors pressure company over shoe name
British sports manufacturer Umbro says it will drop the name Zyclon from a range of sports shoes after Jewish groups pointed out the gas with the same name was used by the Nazis to kill millions of people in concentration camps.
Lord of the flies?
Activists from the Network Against Prohibition today presented NT Police Minister Syd Stirling with a platter containing 2 pigs heads. Other activists had pigs heads mounted on sticks. The action was taken to demonstrate against the pig-headed approach to policing being taken by the NT Government.

@_date: 2002-08-30 13:15:38
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Britain=92s_Guardian_backs_CIA_dirty_tricks_?=  
Britain's Guardian backs CIA dirty tricks in Zimbabwe
Article criticising the Guardian's editorial stance on Zimbabwe ( WSWS )
See also this Guardian leader from Saturday, this Guardian leader from March, and this blog entry from earlier this monthLINKS
Attacks on an Independent radio station and a human rights group in Zim just now.
The African anarchism list to send a message email anarchy_africa at yahoogroups.com

@_date: 2002-08-30 16:21:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Showercam OK from judge.Brinworld in the toilet? 
Camera in shower 'not indecent'
By Lee Glendinning
August 30 2002
A man who secretly set up a video camera in his bathroom and recorded his flatmate showering and using the toilet escaped conviction yesterday.
The decision, handed down in the Downing Centre Local Court, opens the way for people to disguise cameras and film others on their own property.
Richard Palmer, 47, a former company director, was charged with committing an act of indecency after he made a full confession.
The taping was discovered when his flatmate put a tape into the video recorder and saw herself naked in the shower and using the toilet.
According to a police statement of facts tendered to the court, nine other videos were confiscated from Mr Palmer's unit.
Between January 25 and March 25 this year, Mr Palmer secretly filmed his flatmate and other women in various states of undress, the court heard.
Prosecutor Sergeant Pat Huolohan said Mr Palmer's actions were an outrage against community standards and decency. "The victim had a right to know her own private actions were being recorded on video for the sexual gratification of the defendant."
In his judgement yesterday, magistrate Daniel Reiss found there was not enough evidence to suggest Mr Palmer committed the act of indecency "towards" his flatmate. Rather, it appeared the taping was for his own sexual gratification and as a challenge to see whether he could record someone without their consent.
The prosecution plans to appeal.

@_date: 2002-08-30 16:29:45
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "This is the plant for pesticides against the bush..." 
Rats or humans? Inside Saddam's extermination plant.
US Love it or drown it...
In a scathing attack on their own country, a group of United States congressmen have called on President George Bush to ratify the Kyoto protocol on climate change, saying the US had a moral responsibility to small island nations threatened by rising sea levels.

@_date: 2002-08-30 19:17:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Stop! or my mother will shoot! 
Seymore Mail Order
Gene sez I hear things. I heard that up until two months ago Seymore Butts was ready to make a deal to sell his mail order. He had a tentative interested party. There was a handshake and a promise from Seymore to call. He never called.
Seymore Chatter
(from adultdvdtalk)
Darth-MorpheousPosted - Aug 14 2002 : 02:00:26 PM
I think seymore might have retired. He hasen't updated his site or answered his message board in weeks. Even throughout his lawsuits and personal problems he answered his board, updated his site, and released new material every month. He hasn't done any of the above. I think maybe he claimed bankruptcy and decided to leave the business. Did anyone hear any rumers? Fort Collins, CO
400 Posts
Posted - Aug 14 2002 : 04:16:58 PM
I haven't heard anything, but if he was really going to hang it up, I think he would have done so already. My guess, pure speculation, is that he's taking a good long break/vacation now that he's not in a court case and is free to leave California.
15 Posts
Posted - Aug 15 2002 : 02:51:09 AM
I don't think so speelie. I think he would have posted something on his message board that he used to update daily. Even through the crises with the court cases and the break ups with alisha and Shane, he still had time for his fans. Thanks for the reply.
Tampa Tushy Fest
 From the St. Petersburg Times, March 9, 2002: When Adam Glasser joined a bevy of California porn stars for a long weekend in Tampa in 1998, he did what has made him a brand name in adult films. He raised his camera and pushed "RECORD."
Famous in the industry under the name Seymore Butts, Glasser's niche is "gonzo" porn, which involves filming - and performing in - unscripted sexual encounters. This one took place between two women in a Dale Mabry motel room, in a town renowned - some would say infamous - for welcoming the sex industry.
The encounter's result was featured in Tampa Tushy-Fest, Part I, a film that Glasser says ranks among the most industry-lauded of the 100 he has made.
It might also send the 37-year-old filmmaker to jail, along with his mother, Lila, the bookkeeper for his San Fernando Valley office.
Next week, in a Los Angeles courtroom, the Glassers face trial on obscenity charges - the first such case to go to a jury there since 1993. Such defendants usually enter a plea and accept a fine, but Glasser decided to fight it.
The city claims that specific acts Glasser filmed in the Tampa motel room were so extreme, so far beyond other porn films, that the movie flouts the community standards of Los Angeles. The case will be closely watched as it could help define obscenity standards for the multibillion-dollar West Coast porn industry.
The case also will reinforce Tampa's longstanding reputation as a stronghold of the sex industry. Voyeur Web cams, a swingers group, sex shops, nude clubs: all have seized headlines in recent memory, largely through the city's efforts to shut them down. Bob Buckhorn, the council member who pushed a 1999 city ordinance banning lap dancing, has described Tampa as "the holy land for the porn industry."
"Inevitably, what you hear from visitors and new residents is, 'Why are there strip clubs on every corner?' " Buckhorn said. "We are world famous for this stuff."
And getting more attention all the time. A recent episode of the PBS documentary series Frontline dealt at length with the Tampa Tushy- Fest case. Tampa Tushy-Fest, Part II has been released.
What accounts for Tampa's allure to the sex industry? Those who work in it point to heavy tourist traffic, designated zones for strip clubs and loopholes that make it possible to open adult businesses near churches and And every September, the area plays host to an adult film awards gala hosted by Nightmoves, an Oldsmar-based adult magazine given out free in local sex shops.
"It isn't quite the holy land, but it's a very adult friendly atmosphere," Nightmoves publisher Paul Allen said. "We've got beautiful girls, beautiful weather. We've got the best attorneys we'll ever need. And guys like (nude club kingpin) Joe Redner have laid the groundwork."
Tampa's reputation as an adult-business haven has even permeated the world of sports. In the wake of the arrests of two National Hockey League players in a lap dancing raid, the NFL provided written warnings to all 31 teams about Tampa's sex entertainment just before Super Bowl XXXV in 2001.
Many of the nation's sportswriters could have written the warning themselves. During a national conference call of football writers in 1999, a moment of silence was observed to mourn a fire that had recently damaged a nude club on Courtney Campbell Parkway, the Tanga Lounge.
No one has sailed the winds of opportunity in Tampa better than Joe Redner. In the 1970s, Redner invested $1,600 in a dilapidated beer joint on Hillsborough Avenue, built a stage and opened a nude club called Night Gallery. Despite years of police raids, and what he estimates are 150 trips to jail, Redner owns three clubs, including the famous Mons Venus, and places his net worth at more than $10- million.
If his clubs are known for pushing boundaries, Redner says it's partly the government's doing. For years, the threat of a yanked liquor license forced clubs to limit their raunchiness. Dancers stayed on stage away from customers. When the government banned the sale of liquor at nude clubs in the late 1970s, the lap dance was born.
Luke Lirot, a First Amendment lawyer who represents Redner, said cities like Houston have far more strip clubs per capita than Tampa.
Tampa's reputation as a place overrun by sex businesses is a misconception fostered by the city's well-publicized efforts to police them, Lirot said. When the city tried to shut down Voyeur Dorm - a Web site that peeks on a household of young women - the case reached a federal appeals court and brought nationwide attention. "Now, when people think of Web cam stuff, they think of Tampa," Lirot said.
Lirot estimates thousands of adult-industry workers are in the Tampa Bay area, several hundred involved in making porn videos. For the annual Nightmoves awards, 30 or 40 porn stars fly in from around the country for a weekend of parties, radio gigs and appearances at adult clubs. It culminates in a black-tie gala.
Glasser recorded portions of Tampa Tushy-Fest at the 1998 gala. But the segment that brought the obscenity charge took place at the motel on Dale "I was really only taking advantage of the fact that there were other people from the industry from California who happened to be in town at the same time," said Glasser, who ate at a Dale Mabry Bennigan's every night of his Tampa trip because he lacked a car.
He and his mother could face 720 days in county jail if convicted on misdemeanor obscenity charges. The effect could be great on the porn industry, for the case could draw a new line that porn filmmakers would cross at their own peril.
The porn industry keeps getting more lucrative. The New York Times reported that Americans "pay more money for pornography in a year than they do on movie tickets, more than they do on all the performing arts combined . . . The porn business is estimated to total between $10-billion and $14-billion annually in the United States when you toss in porn networks and pay-per-view movies on cable and satellite, Internet Web sites, in-room hotel movies, phone sex, sex toys and magazines."
George Cardona, chief of the criminal division in the Los Angeles City Attorney's office, said his office occasionally prosecutes cases like Glasser's in part to determine community standards of obscenity.
Glasser is defiant. The actors in his films were consenting adults, he says, and he defends some of his work as how-to films that are educational, providing "an oasis in the desert of the adult marketplace."
Glasser describes Tampa as a market burgeoning with potential porn- star talent. Some strippers who have suffered because of the city's lap dancing ban, he said, have turned to adult movies.
"The girls are probably more willing and interested now than ever," Glasser

@_date: 2002-08-30 19:20:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Rattled mutilations in the midwest. 
Two more hotels pull sex movies in CCV Bloodbath
Gene sez: I warned you a couple of weeks ago this was going to happen...
The Cincinnati Enquirer reports: Two more Tristate hotels have agreed, under pressure from a local prosecutor and police, to remove adult, in-room movies after complaints from anti-pornography activists. It's an unusual strategy, say its proponents and national experts, and a further sign that Greater Cincinnati continues to take a leading role nationally in battling the distribution of sexually explicit materials.
  Comfort Suites hotel on Riverboat Row in Newport
(Enquirer photo)
Campbell County prosecutors this month warned owners of the Comfort Suites hotel on Riverboat Row in Newport [Kentucky] that they should cease offering adult movies to guests or face criminal charges. Spurred by complaints from supporters of local anti-pornography activists from Sharonville-based Citizens for Community Values, Campbell County Prosecutor Justin Verst, working with Newport police, had officers secretly check into the hotel and videotape six adult movies.
Mr. Verst then sent a letter, dated Aug. 7, warning Comfort Suites officials that he believed that offering the movies, which he described as Â“hard-core pornographic material,Â” violated Kentucky law regarding distribution of obscene matter. Two days later Comfort Suites officials responded by removing the adult movies. Soon after, Mr. Verst said, other complaints prompted a Newport police investigation of the Travelodge, 220 York St. Officers told owners to stop offering explicit adult videotape rentals to adult guests for viewing on in-room VCRs, and the owners complied. Phil Burress, president of CCV, said his group's new strategy of targeting explicit adult movies offered by hotels is the first of its sort in the nation, and that more Tristate hotels will soon be investigated by CCV supporters.   Â“The snowball is rolling now,Â” said Mr. Burress of his group's tactic that has affected three Tristate hotels in a month.
Bruce Taylor, president and chief counsel for the National Law Center for Children and Families, said no other anti-pornography group in the country has successfully pressured three hotels within one region to drop adult Â“That's unique,Â” Mr. Taylor, a former federal prosecutor, said Wednesday from the center's Fairfax, Va., headquarters.
He said that the Tristate's history of prosecuting obscenity Â— made famous beginning in the 1970s with Hamilton County's legal battles with Hustler publisher Larry Flynt Â— adds to the leverage the CCV wields. Â“You have such a commitment and successful history of prosecution ... that the prosecutors only have to tell the hotels to remove the movies,Â” he said.
Earlier this month CCV officials grabbed national attention when they announced that their supporters had videotaped adult movies in the Marriott Northeast hotel in Deerfield Township and forwarded them to Warren County Prosecutor Tim Oliver. Mr. Oliver said be believed the movies violated Ohio's obscenity laws and warned Marriott officials of possible criminal charges, prompting them to remove the movies. Â“I'd be very surprised if other actions are not taken by other prosecutors against hotels that are dealing in hard-core pornography,Â” said Mr. Burress, who declined to reveal any details.
The CCV, which was founded in 1983 as an anti-pornography, pro-family advocacy group, has been a high-profile lobbying force against Tristate pornography and what it claims are its detrimental effects on families, individuals and society.
But civil liberties advocates blasted CCV's strategy as unfair to adults who say actions against their limited entertainment options might soon be followed by other restrictions imposed by watchdog groups.
Â“The CCV is trying to export their own Taliban style of fundamentalism,Â” said Scott Greenwood, general counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio and a Cincinnati-based attorney. Mr. Greenwood said the anti-pornography group's latest strategy, focusing on mostly out-of-town travelers and tourists, Â“points out to a more pressing problem of why does the CCV find it so necessary to go after people who don't even live here.Â” He said he is not surprised that hotels quickly choose to remove such adult entertainment rather than engage in litigation.
  Â“They don't have deep pockets and these hotels are in business to make money, not to defend the First Amendment,Â” he said. CCV officials estimate that 40 percent of the nation's hotels offer adult movie options, accounting for about 90 percent of pay-per-view revenue. An Enquirer phone survey last year showed that more than half of 20 Hamilton County hotels queried provided such entertainment.
H. Louis Sirkin, a First Amendment and Cincinnati trial attorney, described CCV as a Â“vigilante groupÂ” whose only power comes from prosecutors he claims are not protecting citizens' rights.
Â“What's really frightening about this is that there are local prosecutors who are willing to forget their constitutional oath to protect the First Amendment,Â” said Mr. Sirkin, who added that Â“it's really easy to scare people and that's what the local governments are doing to the hotels.Â”
Mr. Sirkin, who has represented Mr. Flynt and was defense counsel during the city's famous Robert Mapplethorpe obscenity trial against the Contemporary Arts Center exhibition of his photos in 1990, said, Â“It's disturbing to me that Cincinnati is getting a national reputation for this and that's one of the reasons the city is going stale.Â”
Travelodge management was unavailable for comment but Chester Musselman, CEO of Louisville-based Musselman Hotels and owner of the Comfort Suites at 420 Riverboat Row, said this is the first time such a complaint has been lodged against any of his 25 hotels in Kentucky, Indiana and Tennessee.  Â“This is not an issue to us,Â” Mr. Musselman said. Â“I'm running a business and I'll abide by the local laws.Â”
Mr. Verst stated in an Aug. 22 letter to Comfort Suites that Newport police will Â“occasionally check your business to ensure that no further such pornographic movies are being shown,Â” or criminal charges will be filed. Mr. Burress said that Â“no doubt some people will label this action a violation of privacy (but) it's not a matter of violating privacy or of imposing values. It's a matter of law. Â“This is not about what someone views in the privacy of their home or hotel room,Â” he said.
Â“This is about selling and distributing obscenity. There are state laws against that and major hotels are not above the law.Â”

@_date: 2002-08-30 19:21:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cold Kenfucky rain. 
CCV Exalts in Latest Victory Over Porn
The Citizens for Community Values has put out the following press release: Newport, KY - Comfort Suites Hotel, located at 420 Riverboat Row in Newport, Campbell County Kentucky, has stopped making adult pay-per-view movies available to its guests. The policy change was announced in an August 9 letter from Tom Hillman, Director of Operations for Louisville-based Musselman Hotels, parent of the Newport Comfort Suites, to Justin Verst, Campbell County Attorney. Earlier that month Verst had advised the hotel that their hardcore, pornographic movies may be in violation of Kentucky's obscenity law.
The news came on the heels of a similar announcement by another Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky hotel, the Cincinnati Marriott Northeast, to pull the plug on its adult pay-per-view offerings. The Marriott had been advised by Warren County Prosecutor Tim Oliver that pandering hardcore pornographic movies may be a violation of Ohio's obscenity law.
CCV President Phil Burress praised Verst for his willingness to enforce Kentucky's obscenity law. "Newport has worked hard to erase its former 'sin city' image and to raise community standards," Burress said, "and Justin Verst has been a large part of that effort. With Comfort Suites out of the adult pay-per-view business, Campbell County is now free of businesses pandering hardcore pornography."
Kentucky and Ohio are among 45 states with laws prohibiting the pandering of hardcore pornography. In addition, a federal law prohibits interstate transportation of hardcore pornography, including the Internet.
"No doubt some people will label this action a violation of privacy," said Burress. "It's not a matter of violating privacy or of imposing values. It is a matter of law. In Stanley vs. Georgia (1969) the U.S. Supreme Court made it clear that the First Amendment protects the private use of obscene pornography. But in Miller vs. California (1973) the same court also made it clear that the sale and distribution of obscene pornography is not protected by the First Amendment." Burress continued, "This is not about what someone views in the privacy of their home or hotel room. This is about selling and distributing obscenity. There are state and federal laws against that. And major hotels are not above the law."
Gene sez: My question is when did Kentucky become annexed to Cincinnati and why is that state allowing the CCV to dictate policy?

@_date: 2002-08-31 01:56:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The US Empire-its almost over now. 
"This is a profoundly disturbing turn of events. Mr. Bush is protested wherever he goes these days, and the crowds which attend them are growing. These are not black-clad anarchists kicking in windows, however. The woman who was attacked by the police looked as ordinary as any small-town librarian, and anarchists are smart enough to leave their children at home if there is a riot in the offing." > "We Are Not The Enemy!" - The Battle of Portland > by William Rivers Pitt > t r u t h o u t | Report > > Saturday, 24 August, 2002 > > The image is chilling. A middle-aged woman, plainly dressed, with a > puff of auburn hair, is clutched in a hammer-lock by a Portland > police officer dressed in full riot gear. His riot baton is jammed > high under her chin. Around her, three more armor-clad police > officers swarm in, face-masks down. The woman's face is contorted in > terror. In her hand is a sign protesting George W. Bush. > > This was the scene on the streets of Portland, OR, on the evening of > August 22nd as captured by a photographer for the Associated Press. > Thousands of peaceful protesters had descended upon the Hilton Hotel > where Mr. Bush was attending a political fundraiser for Senator > Gordon Smith. They held signs reading, "Drop Bush, not Bombs," and > other similar slogans. Among the protesters were pregnant women, > parents with infants and small children, elderly citizens, and > citizens in wheelchairs > > According to a report by CBS News, the protest became unruly when > some of the fundraiser attendees were "jostled" as they moved through > the crowd towards the entrance to the hotel. At that point, the riot > police swarmed in, swinging clubs and dousing the crowd with pepper > spray. Rubber bullets were also fired into the crowd, and snipers > were seen on the roofs surrounding the scene. The protesters > responded by hammering on the hoods of police cars and screaming, "We > are not the enemy!" > > A man named Randy, who attended the protest, reports the sequence of > events as follows: > > "I was between 5th and 6th on the sidewalk. Maybe the ones in front > were warned to move, but I didn't hear any warning. It had been a > peaceful protest. Suddenly the police came forward spraying pepper > spray. A man nearby with an infant in a backpack got hit real good. > The baby's face was so red I thought it had quit breathing. From the > other direction came cop cars through the crowd and rubber bullets > were fired at those closest to the cars. I kept retreating but the > cops kept spraying. Lots of people were sprayed, including the > cameraman from Channel 2 KATU." > > Other eyewitness accounts from the streets of Portland similarly > describe what appears to have been a terrifyingly violent response > from the police to a peaceful protest by assembled American citizens. > > This is a profoundly disturbing turn of events. Mr. Bush is protested > wherever he goes these days, and the crowds which attend them are > growing. These are not black-clad anarchists kicking in windows, > however. The woman who was attacked by the police looked as ordinary > as any small-town librarian, and anarchists are smart enough to leave > their children at home if there is a riot in the offing. The streets > of Portland were filled on August 22nd by average American citizens > seeking to inform the President of their disfavor regarding the > manner in which he is governing their country. They were rewarded > with the business end of a billy club, a face-full of pepper spray, > and the jarring impact of a rubber bullet. > > If America needed one more example of the cancer that has been > chewing through the guts of our most basic freedoms since Mr. Bush > assumed office, they can look to Portland. The right to freely > assemble and petition the government for a redress of grievances has > been rescinded at the point of a gun. > > The imperative is clear. Such violence by the authorities cannot go > unchallenged. The next time Mr. Bush appears in public, there must be > even more concerned Americans to greet him. They must face the baton > and the pepper spray, they must stare into the shielded faces of the > police, and they must stand in non-violent disobedience of the idea > that they are not allowed to be there. The men and women who faced > the brunt of police fury in Portland are to be lauded as American > patriots, and their actions must be duplicated by us all. The groups > which organized this protest, and the ones to come, deserve our > praise. > > The media, which spent much of the evening reporting that only a few > hundred protesters were in attendance, must be browbeaten into > reporting the facts from both sides - from the police, who reportedly > detained people like the woman in the picture "for their own safety," > and from the protesters who took a savage beating for daring to stand > against Mr. Bush. If the battle of Portland is allowed to cast even > more fear into the hearts and minds of Americans, we have lost yet > another swath of freedoms. Stand and be counted if you can. > > The whole world is watching.

@_date: 2002-08-31 13:44:13
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Spectacles of themselves 
REIMBURSEMENT FOR PURCHASE OF SPECTACLES FOR COMPUTER USE
Following discussions over 2000 and 2001 new guidelines have come into operation for eyesight screening and optical correction for members who use screen-based equipment ("SBE"). Under the new guidelines any member who:
operates SBE for an aggregate of two hours or more, inclusive of rest breaks, in any day or shift on a regular basis (more than 3 days per week); and / or
has experienced or is experiencing visual discomfort as a result of using SBE; and / or
works in critical areas; and / or
may be required to use SBE intensively but not every day
has the option of eyesight screening tests by a qualified Optometrist.
If members want their eyes tested they should advise the Victoria Police Force ("the Force") first. They may take the tests:
when they commence in the position which requires the use of SBE; and
every two years thereafter; or
where physical symptoms identified by the employee may indicate that a problem may exist.
The Force will reimburse the cost of eyesight screening tests to a maximum or $23.40 and reimburse the cost of a full eye examination to a maximum of $46.55 if the screening test reveals a problem related to SBE use.
Where the eyesight tests have revealed that an employee has suffered an eye problem specifically related to the use of SBE, and the member needs corrective eyewear the Force will reimburse members a maximum of $125 for the purchase of glasses.
Reimbursement costs are to be reviewed annually.
PAUL MULLETT

@_date: 2002-08-31 15:31:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Police that carry Knives.-Basque crackdown. 
Christine Nixon has foreshadowed random drug and alcohol testing for the members of drug squad A,(or B,one or the other.)Will she also order search's for concealed weapons?
And run the sniffer dogs over them? Inquiring minds want to know.
Basque Clampdown
Spanish Government Outlaws Basque Political Party
A Spanish Judge has issued an order to suspend Batasuna, a Basque left separtist party, on the basis that it is part of ETA (which stands for Basque Fatherland and Freedom). ETA is an armed group struggling for an independent of the Basque Country.
Judge Garzon has ordered the closing of all oficial buildings from Batasuna, Batasuna is no longer allowed to organize or to participate in a political event. Garzon also asks for Batasuna's website to be shutdown. This could be the first case of an internet site to be closed by spanish Garzon's decision is based on article 129 from Spanish Penal code. An article specially designed for private associations but it does not mention for political parties.
Batasuna has polled with around 10% of the votes representing nearly 48,000 voters in Navarra and a bit more than 143,000 in the Basque Autonomous Region. Batasuna was also present in the northern Basque Country under french administration.
At the same time the Spanish Parliament has voted a law to make Batasuna illegal in case it keeps quiet after ETA practices violence. This measure is been critisized by spanish lawyers as they find a breach on basic fondamental rights and the Spanish Constitution.
Polls show a split between Spanish and basque public opinion. While Spanish public opinion is in vast majority in support of this law a majority of Basques oppose this law. This means that a law will be applied in the Basque country on the basis that spanish majority prevails over the Basque one. The three parties governing Basque autonomous region (PNV, EA and IU, moderate nationalists and United Left -former communist party-) have shown their opposition to the law.
buildings of Batasuna violent clashes between Batasuna supporters and the national police or the basque autonomous police have broken out. Some offices belonging to the Basque Prisoners Relatives' Association and the association against torture were shut down as well.
[ Euskal Herria Indymedia | Batasuna | International Coverage ]

@_date: 2002-08-31 16:00:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cyber Harassment of Dissidents  
Lots of geek shite,enjoy!
Meantime in meatspace...
CHIAPAS.Two campesinos from EZLN support bases were assassinated by paramilitary groups in the morning of August 25 in rancherÃ­a Amaytik at the independent municipality Olga Isabel. The newspaper La Jornada has reported on the previously announced assassination of two Zapatistas in the Ricardo Flores MagÃ³n Autonomous Municipality. The 'official' version, released on August 26 by the State Prosecutor's Office, and widely refuted by residents of the area, is that it was due to an infamous "family" dispute

@_date: 2002-08-31 16:50:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Jeff Gordons getting paranoid. 
Well wouldn't you?
Credit cards provide easy access to offshore funds and accounts in tax haven countries that allow income to be hidden.
Josh's ear is in the mail.
"Who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments? James Dalton Bell."

@_date: 2002-08-31 17:01:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Yes to a libertarian Europe from below. 
Synchronicity in the library with a hammer.
"Cell member Marwan Al-Shehhi, who investigators believe piloted the second airliner to strike the trade center, had a conversation in April or May 2000 with a female librarian in which he mentioned the trade center as a target, Nehm said.
"There will be thousands of dead," Al-Shehhi, originally from the United Arab Emirates, told the librarian, according to Nehm. "You will all think of me." The librarian later came forward as a witness, according to the federal prosecutor's office, which declined to identify her or say when she provided the information."
Libertarian Europe an Oxymongo? No!
No to capitalist globalisation No to militarism No to Fortress Europe No to the extension of police powers Yes to a libertarian Europe from below FROM
________________________________________________ > From: "chekovfeeney"  Libertarians / anarchists against Nice Founding meeting for National Campaign Anarchist and libertarian groups and individuals from all across Ireland are meeting in Dublin on Saturday 7th September to found a campaign against the Nice Treaty. This follows on from local discussion that have already taken place in Dublin, at Ecotopia, the anarchist summer camps etc and on the Irish anarchism list. At this stage it looks like the campaign will include the WSM, ASF, AF, Cork Anarchist Alliance and individuals from RTS, Gluseacht and other groups and individuals involved in the Grassroots Gatherings. Discussions to date indicate that the probable basis of the campaign will be on the following points, although the exact wording etc is to be worked out. No to capitalist globalisation No to militarism No to Fortress Europe No to the extension of police powers Yes to a libertarian Europe from below Up to now the right have made most of the running with the No vote. We see a need for a libertarian No campaign that argues for a No vote on a libertarian basis. This is not just about defeating the referendum it is also about making the defeat a progressive one rather then one based on the sort of racist rhetoric that so far has dominated the debate. So we strongly encourage all anarchists and libertarians in Ireland, north and south, to attend this meeting. It will take place at 14.30 hours in the Teachers Club, 35, Parnell Square, Dublin on Saturday 7th September. We don't want a campaign where some group turns up at the first meeting with the campaign posters and leaflets already printed out. So please bring along draft posters and ideas for the campaign. A draft leaflet for discussion will be prepared on the Irish Anarchism list in the week before the meeting on the basis of drafts emailed to that list. So if you want to take part in that process be sure to join Irish Anarchism. This draft will then be amended at the meeting itself. We hope to print and distribute tens of thousands of leaflets in the run up to the referendum, again the number that we do will depend on your involvement. For more details or to add items to the agenda or if you can't make the meeting but want to receive any material produced please contact Chekov at chekovfeeney at yahoo.com or ring/SMS us at 087 7939931. To take part in the ongoing discussion about the anarchist campaign email irishanarchism-subscribe at yahoogroups.com The evening after the meeting there will be a fundraiser for Reclaim the Streets. On Sunday there will be an RTS creativity session to prepare banners etc for the party on the 22nd so if you are travelling from outside Dublin you can make a weekend out of it. Various anarchists have already begun working on the referendum, and already there are some web pages up and some more in preparation. This includes the page at  which now includes some detailed briefing documents on the Nice treaty as well as links to the various official documents and other relevant articles. If you know of material that should be linked from that page or other Irish libertarian pages on Nice please email details of them to revolt at newmail.net. Again the founding meeting will be at 14.30 hours in the Teachers Club, 35, Parnell Square, Dublin on Saturday 7th September. Make sure YOU are there! -- --------  New global anarchist index  3000 + pages on anarchism, Ireland, Zapatistas revolutionary history and struggles around globalisation

@_date: 2002-08-31 17:04:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The most extreme measures. 
Moments after the Sept. 11 attacks, a U.S. air defense commander considered sending pilots in unarmed Air Force fighter jets on suicide missions to ram any other hijacked planes.
No such missions were ordered, nor did the commander, Air Force Col. Robert Marr Jr., ask his superiors in the North American Aerospace Defense Command for authority to issue such orders.
"It was a thought that went through his mind," said Marr's spokeswoman, Lt. Col. Kacey Blaney.
Marr said yesterday that the idea of ramming any additional hijacked airliners -- beyond the three that hit the World Trade Center and Pentagon and the one that crashed in Pennsylvania -- came up as he and aides huddled in their command center in Rome, N.Y., to consider the unprecedented crisis that was unfolding.
At that moment, it was unclear how many hijackings would occur, and Marr knew he had only four armed fighter jets available in his area of responsibility, called the Northeast Air Defense Sector, stretching from Minnesota to Maine to Virginia.
"In the heat of the moment, all suggestions were considered, but no decision was made to employ unarmed fighters" as missiles, Marr said in a statement provided by Blaney.
The fact that the United States had only a small number of armed fighter jets on air defense duty on Sept. 11 reflects that in the aftermath of the Cold War, aerial attacks were considered a minimal threat.
For months after Sept. 11, combat air patrols were flown continually over Washington and New York. Such patrols are now periodic, and fighter jets are on short-notice alert at bases across the country.
Marr first disclosed that he had considered this last-ditch tactic in an interview with the British Broadcasting Corp., which is preparing to broadcast a documentary on the events of Sept. 11.
In his statement, Marr said it was his responsibility to consider even the most extreme measures.
Defense of necessity applies to shootdowns,SEE 'Osama at the Hague."
Killing civilians by the thousand was good enough for 'give em hell' harry.

@_date: 2002-08-31 17:14:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Echoes of Ari-contra-PROMIS. 
"...Already under the Iran's former Shah's regime, Israel had strong links with non-Arab government in the form of military and trade alliances such as oil-for-arms arrangements against their common Arab enemy Iraq.
Against the backdrop of the 1980-1998 Iran-Iraq war, Israel continued to supply arms to Tehran when Ayatollah Khomeini took power and even after the 1979-1981 hostage crisis at the US embassy there.
The most notorious case of the shadowy relations between the two countries was the "Irangate" scandal which broke in 1986 over the secret financing of the anti-Sandinista Contras guerrilla in Nicaragua through arms sales to Iran with Israel acting as an intermediary.
Who Ari?
Ben-Menashe, Ari. Profits of War: Inside the Secret U.S.-Israeli Arms Network. New York: Sheridan Square Press, 1992. 394 pages.
If this book is even half true, it means that less than ten percent of the Reagan and Bush administration double-dealing was ever revealed to the American public. Ari Ben-Menashe's description of the U.S.-Israeli arms network can only be described as "sensational." If you accept his scenario, it's apparent that an impotent U.S. Congress, once they got a whiff of the dimensions of the problem and considered their options, had no choice but to cover it all up. Some journalists who have verified portions of Ben-Menashe's story have found that his information is excellent. Others just wish he would disappear and are inclined to discredit him, because to accept him is to admit that you've been chasing your tail for ten years and missing it all. With Ben-Menashe, there doesn't seem to be any middle ground.
Ben-Menashe was one of six on Israel's top-secret Joint Committee on Israel-Iran Relations, and spent years globe-trotting for them, setting up fronts and transferring millions in cash. In 1980 he saw George Bush in Paris meeting with a high Iranian official, and in 1986 he briefed Bush. In 1981 Robert Gates helped him with his suitcase containing $56 million. Others in this book include Margaret Thatcher's son Mark, Chilean arms dealer Carlos Cardoen, and Paraguay's Alfredo Stroessner, to name a few.

@_date: 2002-08-31 17:32:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cheney badly needs killing. 
"Highly risky and wrong" is one assesment of the groundhogs spittle laced declaration of war.Declaring the US in 'mortal danger' like a cross between JE Hoover and tricky dickie on speed,the veep dished up some rubber platitudes to go with the rubber chicken;he should have remembered that you are what you eat.
I trust chicken hawk will be on the next geriatrics menu.Garnish with a little valium.
"The monopoly on the decision and action in this question lies with the United Nations," said Edmund Stoiber, conservative candidate for chancellor
There seems to be a little mutiny among the 'usual suspects.' The US is resembling nothing so much as a pitiful helpless giant,cyclops has been gored and the sheep are hiding all those escaping argonauts.If he's lucky he may live...for a while.
52 per cent of Labour supporters believe Britain ought not to support any military action against Iraq.Thats even slightly higher down here I believe,a clear majority against,all the way with the USA.Maybe not,"YANKEE go HOME",just yet but it's only been a year so far in the 'war on Terra.'
"Using force or threats of force is unhelpful in solving the Iraq issue and will increase regional instability and tensions," Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan was quoted as saying in Beijing.
Taku Yamasaki, secretary-general of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party, said that Tokyo had a duty as an ally to oppose Washington.
"If the U.S. attacks alone it will produce distrust of the United States throughout the world," Yamasaki said. "As an ally, we should oppose this."
India, a founding member of the Non-Aligned Movement, said its opposition to a war on Iraq had not wavered. "There is a consistency in our policy, and it is not going to change in the next few days or weeks," a foreign ministry official said.
In the Middle East, U.S. foes, or nations branded by Washington as sponsors of international terrorism, denounced American threats against Iraq in predictably harsher terms.
Syrian Prime Minister Mohammed Mustafa Mero said his country, along with Iraq and all Arabs, would view any U.S. strike as part of "policies that seek more U.S. hegemony and to inflict harm not just on the people of Iraq but the Arab nation as a whole," Syria's state media reported.
Iran, like Iraq branded by Bush as a member (with North Korea) of an "axis of evil," reiterated its opposition to any U.S. attack on Iraq. Iranian President Mohammad Khatami urged an "arrogant" Washington to drop its hostility and improve ties with Iran, saying his country would defend itself if it too came under threat.
"We hope Iraq will not be attacked, and if this occurs we hope that (America) will not try its luck by attacking other countries and realize that American public opinion will not tolerate this policy for very long," Khatami said.
A global Maniac cop running around starting wars will not be long for this

@_date: 2002-08-31 17:36:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrub the jesus freak. 
Interview with playwright Harold Pinter - 'I think that when you look at a man like our prime minister - who I gather is a very sincere and serious Christian - he, we understand at the moment, is considering another bombing of Iraq, which would be an act of premeditated murder because if you bomb Iraq, you're not just going to kill Saddam Hussein. In fact, you won't do that anyway; he has his resources. What you will do, as usual, is kill thousands of totally innocent people. How Tony Blair can work that one out morally himself is actually beyond me. I just wish he would decide if he was a Christian or he wasn't a Christian' ( Guardian )
Is shrub a christian? Inquiring minds etc...
Chief executives should be screened to weed out psychopaths: researcher
Coverage of a recent keynote presentation by psychopathy expert Robert Hare, during which he suggested that corporate leaders should be screened for psychopathic behaviour disorders
( CP via The Record )
See also this blog entry from earlier this month AT

@_date: 2002-08-31 17:40:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Northwoods Homeland Security. 
Bush wrong to use pretext as excuse to invade Iraq
By James Bamford
As the Bush administration raises prospects of war with Iraq, USA TODAY asked experts to explore critical military, diplomatic and political factors involved and the possible consequences. This is part of that occasional series.
Vice President Cheney's speech this week showed that the administration has no new evidence to support its claim that Iraq poses an immediate threat to the United States. Instead, Cheney used standard, vague terms: "no doubt" Saddam Hussein has weapons of mass destruction or will acquire nuclear weapons "fairly soon." The administration also points to the possible presence of fleeing al-Qaeda members in northern Iraq, perhaps of senior rank. But it has difficulty tying them directly to Saddam because the area is largely under the control of Kurdish opposition leader Jallal Tallabani, who has worked with the Bush administration against Saddam.
Without convincing evidence of imminent danger, administration officials have been dusting off old cases that hint at Iraqi plots and conspiracies, but are unsupported by facts. Many worry that such incidents will be exploited as pretexts to justify pre-emptive strikes. The Navy, for instance, is considering changing the status of a pilot shot down over Iraq during the Gulf War from missing in action to captured. But, given no known physical evidence to support that possibility nor any new facts, some see this as one more cynical political pretext for invasion.
Bush administration officials also have been reviving the old story that Sept. 11 hijacker Mohamed Atta met in the Czech Republic capital of Prague with an Iraqi agent five months before the attacks Â— a possible link between Iraq and al-Qaeda. An unnamed senior administration official told the Los Angeles Times that evidence of such a meeting "holds up." A federal law enforcement official, the Times reported, said the FBI has been reviewing Atta's records with "renewed vigor" for a possible link to Iraq. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld recently added at a news conference that Iraq "had a relationship" with al-Qaeda.
But senior U.S. intelligence officials have discounted the meeting. "We ran down literally hundreds of thousands of leads and checked every record we could get our hands on," said FBI Director Robert Mueller. The records revealed that Atta was in Virginia Beach during the time he supposedly met the Iraqi in Prague.
While the administration is under increasing pressure to make its case for invasion, using as pretexts supposed instances such as these carries grave dangers. The past holds lessons about pretext and making the right Â— and wrong Â— decisions.
One of the most outrageous uses of pretext took place during the Kennedy administration after the failed Bay of Pigs operation, in which the CIA wrongly underestimated the amount of internal support for Fidel Castro.
With the CIA out of the picture, the Joint Chiefs of Staff saw a grand opportunity for the military to launch an all-out war against Cuba. But they needed a pretext. The answer was Operation Northwoods: The Joint Chiefs would secretly launch a war of terror on the U.S. public Â— then blame it on Castro.
According to long-hidden top-secret documents I obtained from the National Archives, Operation Northwoods called for innocent people to be shot on U.S. streets; for boats carrying refugees fleeing Cuba to be sunk; for waves of terrorism in Washington, Miami and elsewhere. Using phony evidence to blame Castro, the Joint Chiefs would get their needed pretext.
Each member of the Joint Chiefs signed off on the plan. Then the chairman hand-carried it to Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara Â— who promptly rejected it.
Two years later, U.S. generals were looking for another pretext to go to war, this time in Vietnam. In the summer of 1964, President Lyndon Johnson sought to escalate U.S. involvement in Vietnam's civil war. The decision was made to launch hit-and-run attacks against coastal North Vietnamese targets while a slow-moving destroyer, the USS Maddox, sat just off the shore in international waters. Knowing the North Vietnamese would associate the nearby warship with the attacks, the Pentagon likely hoped to provoke a retaliatory strike against the vessel Â— the perfect pretext for a declaration of war.
Indeed, North Vietnamese patrol boats fired torpedoes at the ship Â— but missed. The Maddox sailed safely away. McNamara ordered the largely useless coastal attacks to continue and sent the ship back to its original dangerous position.
Two nights after the first attack, the USS C. Turner Joy, escorting the Maddox, sent messages to Washington indicating the ship was under attack. It was later found that no such attack took place; the messages were blamed on nervous crewmembers and radar "ghost images." But it was the excuse Johnson and McNamara sought. They pressed Congress for a declaration of war. Captured by the moment's hysteria, Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin resolution. An incident that never took place became the pretext for expanding a war that would claim the lives of more than 50,000 Americans as well as a million-plus Vietnamese.
"Many of the people who were associated with the war were looking for any excuse to initiate bombing," recalled George Ball, at the time a State undersecretary. "The sending of a destroyer up the Tonkin Gulf was primarily for provocation. ... There was a feeling that if the destroyer got into some trouble, that it would provide the provocation we needed."
History is layered with the bodies of those who have died when someone mistakes zealotry for patriotism and pretext for truth. If the Bush administration does embark on a bloody war in the Middle East, it should be based on certainty, not pretext.
James Bamford, author of Body of Secrets: Anatomy of the Ultra-Secret National Security Agency, is a member of USA TODAY's board of contributors.
Collapse of Govts cant be far off with the access to knowledge we all have now,its soft APster!

@_date: 2002-08-31 18:28:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mutant Rat? 
Fallout deaths
By NICK RICHARDSON
RADIOACTIVE fallout from the British nuclear tests in the 1950s might be linked to an alarming rise in infant deaths in some Victorian towns.Fallout By NICK RICHARDSON
RADIOACTIVE fallout from the British nuclear tests in the 1950s might be linked to an alarming rise in infant deaths in some Victorian towns.
Approaching the 50th anniversary of the first nuclear explosion on October 3, 1952, at the Monte Bello Islands off the West Australian coast, research reveals several towns in Victoria, NSW and Queensland recorded higher-than-usual infant death rates in the late 1950s.
Each of the 12 tests conducted in and around Australia from 1952-57 generated a nuclear cloud. In some areas, the nuclear plume met rain clouds, forming a potentially lethal solution.
According to official radioactivity monitoring stations at the time, Sale, Echuca, Hamilton, Mildura, Nhill, Swan Hill and Warrnambool were exposed to some radiation - especially after the final bomb at Maralinga in October 1957.
Australian and British authorities maintained at the time the exposure was minimal and there was no threat.
But in the past 50 years, evidence has emerged there is no safe level of radiation exposure. A survey of infant mortality rates in the Victorian towns reveals a circumstantial link between the nuclear rain and a rise in Sixteen children aged up to two died in Mildura in 1958. In 1959, the number was 20, before dropping to 13 the next year.
Warrnambool had a similar pattern. The number of infant deaths in 1958 was 27.
It increased to 34 in 1959, then dropped to 16 in 1960.
Mt Isa in Queensland and Tamworth and Armidale in New South Wales mirror the Victorian results.
The initial alarm about fallout was raised by Australian scientist Hedley Marston in 1957.
Mr Marston found a radioactive cloud from the third nuclear test passed over Adelaide and left debris in the city's northern suburbs.
His research on sheep and cattle, which had eaten fallout-tainted pasture, indicated the presence of a lethal nuclear by-product, strontium 90.
Approaching the 50th anniversary of the first nuclear explosion on October 3, 1952, at the Monte Bello Islands off the West Australian coast, research reveals several towns in Victoria, NSW and Queensland recorded higher-than-usual infant death rates in the late 1950s.
Each of the 12 tests conducted in and around Australia from 1952-57 generated a nuclear cloud. In some areas, the nuclear plume met rain clouds, forming a potentially lethal solution.
According to official radioactivity monitoring stations at the time, Sale, Echuca, Hamilton, Mildura, Nhill, Swan Hill and Warrnambool were exposed to some radiation - especially after the final bomb at Maralinga in October 1957.
Australian and British authorities maintained at the time the exposure was minimal and there was no threat.
But in the past 50 years, evidence has emerged there is no safe level of radiation exposure. A survey of infant mortality rates in the Victorian towns reveals a circumstantial link between the nuclear rain and a rise in Sixteen children aged up to two died in Mildura in 1958. In 1959, the number was 20, before dropping to 13 the next year.
Warrnambool had a similar pattern. The number of infant deaths in 1958 was 27.
It increased to 34 in 1959, then dropped to 16 in 1960.
Mt Isa in Queensland and Tamworth and Armidale in New South Wales mirror the Victorian results.
The initial alarm about fallout was raised by Australian scientist Hedley Marston in 1957.
Mr Marston found a radioactive cloud from the third nuclear test passed over Adelaide and left debris in the city's northern suburbs.
His research on sheep and cattle, which had eaten fallout-tainted pasture, indicated the presence of a lethal nuclear by-product, strontium 90. END
professor rat was born in 55 at Ballarat,country Vic.French tests raised  cesium levels in milk around the late 50's early 60's.

@_date: 2002-08-31 18:32:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Justice delayed. 
Hicks in for the long haul
By MICHAEL McKENNA
AUSTRALIAN terror suspects David Hicks and Mamdouh Habib face a likely wait of more than a year for their legal battle against detention in a Cuban jail to be resolved
American lawyers for the two men yesterday said the appeal process, expected to be completed in the US Supreme Court, was facing extensive delays under the weight of the legal system.
The appeals, and counter appeals, follow the US District Court decision this month to detain the men without trial.
Hicks, captured in Afghanistan, and Habib in Pakistan by local authorities, are being held in a maximum security prison at the US Navy base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba.
Both are accused, with the 596 other detainees at the navy base, of having links to al-Qaeda.
"The legal system here is very slow at the moment and the appeal to the District Court decision alone will take a few months," said their lawyer, Joseph Margulies.
Some good news though...
Whale free of nets
31 August 2002
A HUMPBACK whale thought to have drowned after being caught in shark nets on the Gold Coast found some new friends yesterday as it was finally untangled by rescuers.
'Enduro," was towing an anchor,shark net and ropes/chains on a slow trek

@_date: 2002-08-31 19:15:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Most Incompetent agency,IRS,CIA,ATF,NSA,SS,or FBI? 
Did FBI Bungle E-Mail Evidence?
A Hotmail account used by suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui expired, and its contents lost, before the FBI has a chance to look at it. By Michelle Delio.
"...The FBI has openly admitted that its agents have difficulties collecting evidence from computers. FBI Director Robert Mueller told a House committee this summer that the agency lacks the technology skills and understanding that would allow agents to conduct complete computer forensics searches."
Paging chris McNorton,paging chris McNorton.
Hunter S. Thompson tells the Aussie radio program: "Overall, American journalism I think has been cowed and intimidated by the massive flat-sucking, this patriotic orgy that the White House keeps whipping up. You know if you criticize the President it's unpatriotic and there's something wrong with you, you may be a terrorist." ("The Media Report")

@_date: 2002-08-31 19:40:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Satellites can't track the dacoit down 
STF suspends hunt for Veerappan
TIMES NEWS NETWORK [ FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 2002  11:02:20 PM ]
KOLLEGAL/BANGALORE: Amid mounting pressure from various quarters, who fear threat to hostage H Nagappa's life, the Karnataka Special Task Force (STF) on Friday suspended its combing operations to track Veerappan.
STF sources told The Times of India the directive came from the state government on Thursday night. "Since Friday morning we are not carrying out any operations and have asked the men inside the forest to return to their respective camps," they added.
THE STORY SO FAR
Â• August 25: Sandalwood smuggler Veerappan abducts former Karnataka minister H Nagappa.
Â• August 26: Veerappan sends a cassette in which he says Nagappa will be killed if the government tries to rescue him.
Â• August 27: Karnataka Chief Minister S M Krishna meets Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa to discuss the situation. They decide to ask the Centre for helicopters and sensors to track Veerappan.
Â• August 28: Karnataka and Tamil Nadu special task forces intensify combing operations to nab Veerappan. Members of the bandit's gang are sighted in the Ramapura forest range.
Â• Advocate Venugopal offers to act as mediator to negotiate Nagappa's release.
Â• August 29: There are reports of Veerappan sending another cassette with demands for the release of former Karnataka minister.
Â• Chief Minister S M Krishna, police deny receiving the second tape
Â• Fearing threat to Nagappa's life, Karnataka government suspends STF operations to track Veerappan
This was the demand of Veerappan in his first cassette of 54 second duration where he had threatened to kill Nagappa if combing operations were not stopped.
There were reports of Veerappan sending the much-awaited second cassette expected to contain his demands. Both government and the police denied it.
Apart from the government's efforts, the JD(U) leaders are also on the job as Nagappa is their partyman. JD(U) MLA P G R Sindhia is in touch with Suttur math seer Sri Shivarathri Desikendra, who in turn is tapping sources who can get in touch with Veerappan, sources said.
Meanwhile, advocate Venugopal, who has offered his services to mediate with Veerappan, has sent his "own message" to Veerappan in an interview to All India Radio, Coimbatore station. "I have cited reasons to Veerappan of my offering to be an emissary and also reminded him of the number of people who have suffered on account of him," Venugopal said.
Chief Minister S M Krishna, who called on Nagappa's family at Kamagere on Friday declining to say anything concrete on the issue, hinted of suspending the operations. "We will take necessary action required to get Nagappa back," he stated.
Queried on the kind of action, Primary and Secondary Education Minister B K Chandrashekar said: "Here action means strategy and the government is working out a suitable strategy which will ensure Nagappa's release."
Substantiating the statement, Krishna said: "Action necessarily does not mean only gun battle."
Later addressing the gathering, Krishna said the government was serious in its efforts to get back Nagappa safely. "We will use all tactics adopted by the government in a similar situation two years ago when Rajkumar was kidnapped," he maintained.
Notwithstanding the suspension of combing operations, three senior police officers - S T Ramesh (IGP), K Suresh Babu (IGP) and Gopal B Hosur (DCP) - were asked to report at the M M Hills base camp of STF. The officers left Bangalore following a message from DGP V V Bhaskar, who is personally supervising STF operations, dressed in commando style uniform and armed with binoculars and AK-47 rifles.
Around 10 police officers from the city police and several others from CoD and KSRP have been drafted for the STF work. Gopal Hosur, who had served in the STF earlier had survived an attack on him by Veerappan from a close range 10 years ago. However, Hosur's colleagues, Harikrishna (SP) and others were shot dead. A bullet was stuck in Hosur's body, which was operated and removed.
Related stories
  Satellites can't track the dacoit down
  Nedumaran ready to negotiate with Veerappan
  The brigand's area of operation    The story so far
  Sandalwood smuggler's road to notoriety

@_date: 2002-08-31 19:51:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: 4 billion dollar fine on the US,how do ya'll like them apples? 
The World Trade Organization ruled Friday that the European Union may impose record sanctions of some $4 billion on U.S exports, creating a major incentive for Washington to abandon special tax breaks for U.S. companies.
Read the full text of the World Trade Organization ruling .
The $4 billion sanction threat -- 20 times the amount imposed in any previous WTO disputes -- is a major victory for the EU over what it calls the "huge illegal export subsidy" provided to U.S. exporters. But EU officials have indicated that they will hold off on imposing the sanctions if the U.S. changes its tax policies and comes into compliance with WTO rules.
"We are satisfied by today's decision that makes the cost of non-compliance with the WTO crystal clear," Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamay said in a statement issued by the European Commission.
The U.S. tax break program, known as "Foreign Sales Corporations," allows U.S. companies with foreign interests to exempt between 15 and 30 percent of their export income from U.S. taxes. Approved by Congress in 2000, the provision allows major U.S. exporters such as Boeing, Microsoft and Disney to pay less tax, making their products cheaper and giving them an advantage over foreign competitors.
The EU asked the WTO for the right to retaliate on $4.043 billion worth of goods, based on the amount of damage done to EU companies struggling to compete with U.S. corporations taking advantage of the tax breaks. A special panel of trade arbitrators decided on the sanctions figure after a series of starts and stops on the case since January.

@_date: 2002-08-31 20:17:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: They get letters,WTF do we ALLIES get? 
Parents happy over efforts to win release of Guantanamo prisoners
By a Staff Writer
JEDDAH, 31 August Â— The parents of two Saudis held at a US military base in Cuba have expressed happiness over efforts made by the Saudi authorities to win freedom for their sons.
The two Saudi fathers told Al-Watan daily that they had received letters from their sons Jaber Hasan Al-Qahtani, 24, and Abdullah Hamid Al-Mosleh, 23, in Guantanamo.
"They said they were in good health and were treated well by the Americans," the daily quoted the parents as saying.
In their letters, Jaber and Abdullah expressed optimism that their ordeal would end soon.
AU's Hicks and Habib are incommunicado,no lawyers,no letters.
US authorities have refused to give the detainees in Guantanamo prisoner-of-war status as set out under the Geneva Conventions and are reserving the right to present them before secret US military tribunals that have the power to impose the death penalty.

@_date: 2002-08-31 20:23:21
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Stormin' Norman see's another Somalia or Lebanon in Iraq. 
Whats happening in the heart of darkness?
American Muslims remain in the dock one year after 9/11
NEW YORK, 31 August Â— As America prepares to mourn the tragic events of Sept. 11, anxiety of the countryÂ’s seven million plus Muslim population is increasing every passing day. The Muslim population in US will be remembering the tragedy with mixed feelings of grief and fear.Muslim organizations across the... (full story).

@_date: 2002-08-31 20:29:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Terrorists rife in the State Dept.The FBI is on it:) 
Senators to give FBI records on contacts with media
By The Associated Press
Printer-friendly page
WASHINGTON Â— Most members of a Senate committee investigating the Sept. 11 attacks have agreed to provide the FBI with details of their contacts with reporters as part of an investigation into leaks of classified information.
Contacted yesterday by the Associated Press, the offices of 13 of the 17 Senate Intelligence Committee members said they were complying with the FBI request. No office said it wasn't. In the other four offices, information wasn't available because the senator was traveling.
The FBI is trying to determine who leaked details of conversations intercepted by the National Security Agency that were discussed June 18 at the House and Senate intelligence committees' closed-door inquiry.
Details of the Arabic intercepts on Sept. 10 Â— the day before the September 2001 terror attacks Â— were initially broadcast by CNN the day after the closed hearing. The committees had requested the FBI investigation.
Sen. Bob Graham, D-Fla., the committee's chairman, has instructed his staff to compile the material requested, his spokesman, Paul Anderson, said.
Anderson said Graham supported the FBI investigation because the leak of classified information violated the law. The FBI also could examine whether the leaks may have come from outside Congress, he said. An internal investigation might not be able to do so.
Graham "has said that he has nothing to hide," Anderson said.
But Paul McMasters, First Amendment ombudsman for the Freedom Forum's First Amendment Center, said the FBI investigation could go beyond the leaks and uncover unrelated communications between lawmakers and journalists.
"That's where this problem comes in," he said.
Caesar Andrews, president of the Associated Press Managing Editors, said the request for information about press contacts "creates a mood of fear and dread among those people who should be helping to put the U.S. efforts in context."
"I think it's more the climate that's created when there's a sense of overly aggressive efforts to clamp down on information," said Andrews, editor of Gannett News Service.
"Obviously it's an issue that ultimately has a chilling effect on the flow of information from official sources to the public," said Douglas Clifton, editor of The Plain Dealer in Cleveland and chairman of the American Society of Newspaper Editors' Freedom of Information Committee.
The FBI investigation comes as the Justice Department seeks to block public disclosure by Congress of the results of its investigation of Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person charged in the United States in connection with the Sept. 11 attacks.
In court papers unsealed yesterday in Alexandria, Va., prosecutors said they didn't object to plans by the House and Senate intelligence committees to disclose what the government knows about the planning and execution of the attacks or what was known about two of the 19 Sept. 11 hijackers who met with al-Qaida operatives in Malaysia in January 2000, shortly before they came to the United States.
But the government said planned hearings next month into the FBI's investigation of Moussaoui while he was in custody before the attacks could jeopardize his trial, now set for January. Lawyers for the committees said the hearings would not delve into Moussaoui's guilt or innocence.
U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema refused for the time being to interfere with the hearings. But she asked prosecutors to propose new rules for handling sensitive material from the Moussaoui case that might be made public during congressional hearings.
In connection with the FBI's investigation of leaks, the Justice Department sent a letter to the Senate counsel's office Aug. 7 requesting that members of the Senate committee and their press staff submit telephone logs, memos, visitor sign-in sheets and other material showing communications with the news media between noon June 18 and 3:15 p.m. June 19, when CNN broadcast details of the intercepts.
The letter also called for calendars, appointment books and e-mails for the senators and their press staff during that period. No similar request was made of House Intelligence Committee members.
Some lawmakers, including the panel's top Republican, Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama, have said the FBI investigation of the committees breached the separation of powers between the executive and legislative branches Â— particularly while the committee was examining intelligence shortcomings at the FBI and other agencies.
Sen. Richard Durbin, R-Ill., told the Chicago Sun-Times this week that in requesting personal schedules, the FBI was "trying to put a damper on our activities and I think they will be successful." He was unavailable for comment yesterday.
Is the press guilty of treason?
Ombudsman Many regard robust exercise of First Amendment rights by either the press or the people as a dangerous problem in the fight against terrorism. 08.08.02
Rumsfeld urges crackdown on leaks to press
Defense secretary writes memo a week after The New York Times reports on classified document outlining aspects of 'concept' for U.S. war against Iraq. 07.17.02
Reporter: State Department demanded source of classified leak
National Review's Joel Mowbray says officials detained him briefly, wanted to know how he obtained secret papers on U.S. visa program in Saudi Arabia.

@_date: 2002-08-31 20:46:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Criminal degenerate Bush"  
The stealing of the Presidency 2000 has been swept under the rug by the Democratic establishment. The media would like us to believe that we should move on but that would be rewarding criminal actions by the Bush gang. Already history is being rewritten Â– with Gore being attacked for running a poor campaign and being ridiculed as loser who should get out of the way, and while the criminal degenerate Bush is admired for being a winner. Every democratic candidate for President must be forced to address what happened in 2000 so that history does not repeat itself, and to remind the 1000s of voters in Florida who were disenfrachised that they have not been forgotten.
More Reba Shimansky
Unprecedented: The 2000 Presidential Election is the riveting story about the battle for the Presidency in Florida and the undermining of democracy in America. Filmmakers Richard Ray PÃ©rez and Joan Sekler examine modern America's most controversial political contest: the Election of George W. Bush.
What emerges is a disturbing picture of an election marred by suspicious irregularities, electoral injustices, and sinister voter purges in a state governed by the winning candidate brother. George W. Bush stole the presidency of the United States
 and got away with it.
the movie highlights those on the front linesÂ—from the African-Americans who were turned away from the polling booths for assorted reasons.  In one memorable scene the filmmakers freeze-frame a 'protest' against the ballot recount, identifying participants as staff members of Republican elected --Elaine Dutka, Los Angeles Times
Also see,"The best democracy money can buy," Greg Palast.Gold and Coup expert and excellent writer.

@_date: 2002-08-31 21:21:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: S. Roach is dead 
ASSMAN  Stars Steve Holmes, Sophie Roche, Robert Rosenberg, ...
ASSMAN  Stars Steve Holmes, Sophie Roche, Robert Rosenberg, Rita Faltoyano, Richard
Langin, Jean-Yves Le Castel, Jean-Pierre Armand, Jane Blue, David Perry ...
 - 16k - Cached - Similar pages
Sophie Roche
 From RAME: Sophie Roche indeed has passed away. The French magazine Hot Video had a very small article in their february issue on the death of Sophie Roche. It seems that she passed away early in January 2002. While the article didn't mention that she had committed suicide, it did state that she passed away following a family tragedy, in French "un drame familial".
Gene, the Predictor of Events, strikes again: W. Chester officials try to shut out adult shops
Gene sez: I told you last year Cincinnati was going to be the du jour battle ground where the obscenity lines were going to be drawn in the sand. No one, much less the Free Speech Coalition, listened when the Elyse Metcalf trial came up. Now comes another story on the heels of the pending Jennifer Dute and Sean Jenkins' obscenity trials along with the Citizens for Community Values running amok in Cincinnati hotel rooms pulling the cords on adult pay per view.
 From the Cincinnati Enquirer : WEST CHESTER TWP. Â— Officials here want to make it tougher to open and operate a sexually oriented business in this fast-growing suburb strategically located along Interstate 75 between Cincinnati and Dayton. Township officials are planning to tighten their licensing and zoning codes for sexually oriented businesses, an idea that arose after a comment made during a recent campaign by one mall developer against another,
Â“The sex industry is simply not part of what we consider a diversified economic base for our community,Â” Trustee Catherine Stoker said. Â“There apparently is a constitutional right for people to dance about almost naked in public but I just don't see why they need to dance in West Chester.Â”
West Chester leaders are not alone in their desire to regulate such businesses.
In Northern Kentucky, municipalities in Kenton and Campbell counties are considering a study on regulating sexually oriented businesses; and this week Wilder city officials said they would, too, after a semi-nude dance club opened there last weekend.
And in Fairfield, after residents recently brought it to City Council's attention, a video store that had begun selling X-rated movies voluntarily removed the selections from its shelves.
West Chester trustees have agreed to spend up to $20,000 for the services of a Cleveland professor who is considered an expert on adult business law to review their codes once they are updated to reflect recent court decisions.
The move comes after Continental Retail Development of Columbus launched a campaign in May against competing developers trying to build a Â“lifestyle centerÂ” at Cincinnati-Dayton Road and Interstate 75. The strategy suggested that approval of the project would lead to adult businesses and traffic The lifestyle center was turned down by the township and is on hold pending a court appeal and rezoning. But the campaign underscored the need, township officials say, to examine their zoning and other rules related to sexually oriented businesses and make sure they are airtight as West Chester booms and becomes a hub between Cincinnati and Dayton.
Â“Significant concern has been raised about our enforceability on those regulations and I was concerned about those, too,Â” West Chester Planning and Zoning Director Brian Elliff told trustees. Â“I don't think it will happen but now that it's out in the open. I don't want anybody to get some ideas that they can come in here.Â”
Phil Burress, president of the anti-pornography group Citizens for Community Values, recently met with Mr. Elliff and Township Administrator Dave Gully to discuss sexually oriented businesses in West Chester. On Wednesday, Mr. Burress said a CCV attorney reviewed the township's codes and found holes. West Chester has four sexually oriented businesses Â— two stores that sell various items, one gas station that sells adult magazines and one video store, Mr. Burress said. There are no massage parlors or adult clubs, though a club did once briefly operate at I-75 and Cincinnati-Dayton Road. Â“West Chester is a prime location for adult businesses,Â” said Mr. Burress, a West Chester resident. Â“We are kind of heading in the wrong direction here. One business has opened a quarter of a mile from my house. This is not good news. These people sneak in, the trend starts and before you know it you have a strip club or book store.Â”
Officials aren't yet sure what exactly will be changed in their codes but say they are likely to adopt a model ordinance Cleveland State University professor Alan Weinstein already has developed based on his expertise with First Amendment law. Jimmy Flynt, who has made a career out of gauging the public's sexual appetite, says such moves often are more trouble than they are worth for municipalities.
Â“Most of these experts that they reach out and hire usually shoot the city in the foot,Â” said Mr. Flynt, brother of Hustler founder Larry Flynt and operator of the Hustler of Hollywood store in Monroe. Â“They either underdo it or overdo it. We still have our rights to do business.Â” Jimmy Flynt said he has no plans to expand into West Chester, though he, too, agrees it is a prime location for adult businesses. Â“I don't want to be in West Chester. That's where the cake eaters are,Â” he said. Â“I want to be up where we eat Sexually oriented businesses in West Chester now can operate only in specific areas zoned for general business and must go for review before the board of zoning appeals before opening. Locations where adult businesses can go are scattered throughout the township, Mr. Elliff said, but according to the zoning map, a heavily concentrated spot runs along the Cincinnati-Dayton Road/I-75 corridor. That road is being widened from two to five lanes. News that the township was updating its sexually oriented business codes drew lukewarm response this week from sex establishment The oldest one in West Chester, Pik Kwik Market off Ohio 747, has sold sex toys, oils, magazines, movies and other items for 30 years. Â“Sex is a beautiful thing,Â” manager Jeff Busemeyer said. Â“If they don't like what we're selling here, don't come in. Would they rather us get some guns in here and start selling guns?Â”
 Dear Gene. I was thinking of becoming a hooker. And after reading that story this morning about Kelly Jaye, I'm convinced this is the way to go. Two Vipers?! I would have settled for one.
Gene sez: No offense, Maggie, but I would change the name. I mean who needs Rod Stewart singing songs about you. Other than that, if you're a blond and have more legs than brains, I would encourage you in your pursuits. After all, you, too, might meet a Michael Fanghella.

@_date: 2002-08-31 21:58:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Terrorist-Mob Two headed Horseman. 
Part 1: The Drug Connection
Much has been written in the last year about the connection between terrorism and organized crime. Shortly after September 11, President Bush came out and directly cited narcotics trafficking as a source of revenue for terrorist organizations.
The United States government reported that the Taliban allegedly helped finance Osama bin Laden's terror network by giving him 10 percent of the $8 billion Afghanistan reaped from its opium crop. In return, Al Qaeda was to use its "formidible" international network to market the crop.
Nonsense, says McGill University organized crime expert professor R.T. Naylor.
(no relation.)
"It is likely that the informal banking system used extensively in the region, usually referred to as the hawala or hundi system, is also used by drug traffickers," Hutchinson said. "This system is an underground, traditional, informal network that has been used for centuries by businesses and families throughout Asia. This system provides a confidential, convenient, efficient service at a low cost in areas that are not served by traditional banking facilities. The hawala or hundi system leaves no "paper trail" for investigators to follow."
That reminds me there was a quite long story on Ithaca dollars,esp interesting as I lived there for a year once.There's another horseman loose there,the net sex killer,I shit you not...
Hey remember when meyer and lucky helped stamp out nazi sabotage on the waterfront? Well some wiseguys just got knocked back on a similar deal to watch out for Al Quim frogmen.
That's too bad. The Coast Guard and Customs Service are woefully understaffed to keep an eye on every ship that comes into the 1,500-square mile Port of New York and New Jersey. By the Coast Guard's own admission, they can inspect just 1 percent of the cargo containers that enter the Harbor.
"Do we have all the people we need? No," Vice Admiral James D. Hull, the Commander of the Coast Guard Atlantic area, said in a telephone interview. "But we have prioritized our missions."
The Port Authority and the Waterfront Commission of New York and New Jersey have done a great job of cleaning out organzied crime from the harbor, but let's face it: where there is money, there is the mob. The same methods used to keep the Harbor clear of Nazis 60 years ago could work today. All the government has to do is ask.
Sure this is a simplistic solution and in many cases goes against the self interest of the mobsters, but it worked in the 1940s, it can work today.
Hell the port authority is just a WASP mob anyways,right?

@_date: 2002-08-31 22:25:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mexican Mafia contract out on 'arbusto.' 
"We deal in drugs, contracts of assassination, prostitution, robberies of the highest degree, gambling extortion, weapons or any and every other thing criminally imaginable,"
The Mexican Mafia
 From its humble beginnings as a prison gang in Texas, the Mexican Mafia has taken its bloody business far beyond the prison walls.
In the first RICO prosecution of a prison gang, prosecutors brought a two-count RICO case against the top tier of La Eme, including Huerta, who was in prison in Colorado at the time of the French Place slayings. The fact that he was still directing his gang from several hundred miles away allowed prosecutors to charge Huerta as a conspirator.
After a high-profile trial, Perez, Herrera and the eight other defendants who went to trial (the others plea bargained) were convicted on federal racketeering charges and given life terms with no chance of parole.
Despite the decimation of the highest ranking Mexikaneme, the Mexican Mafia remains to this day a formidable organized crime operation with branches throughout the American Southwest on both sides of prison walls.
Jim bell charged with Operation Soft drill direction? Only in america.
Did You Know? Judges at the state and federal level issued a total of 1,491 wiretap authorizations -- the lion's share came from state judges, according to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts's 2001 Wiretap Report, issued at the end of May. Tap in here...
2 peso's for the head of the shrub.

@_date: 2002-08-31 22:58:04
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: The Cincinnati syndrome. 
Two more hotels pull sex movies
By Michael D. Clark, mclark at enquirer.com
The Cincinnati Enquirer
NEWPORT Â— Two more Tristate hotels have agreed, under pressure from a local prosecutor and police, to remove adult, in-room movies after complaints from anti-pornography activists.
It's an unusual strategy, say its proponents and national experts, and a further sign that Greater Cincinnati continues to take a leading role nationally in battling the distribution of sexually explicit materials.
(Enquirer photo)
Campbell County prosecutors this month warned owners of the Comfort Suites hotel on Riverboat Row in Newport that they should cease offering adult movies to guests or face criminal charges.
Spurred by complaints from supporters of local anti-pornography activists from Sharonville-based Citizens for Community Values, Campbell County Prosecutor Justin Verst, working with Newport police, had officers secretly check into the hotel and videotape six adult movies.
Mr. Verst then sent a letter, dated Aug. 7, warning Comfort Suites officials that he believed that offering the movies, which he described as Â“hard-core pornographic material,Â” violated Kentucky law regarding distribution of obscene matter.
Two days later Comfort Suites officials responded by removing the adult Soon after, Mr. Verst said, other complaints prompted a Newport police investigation of the Travelodge, 220 York St.
Officers told owners to stop offering explicit adult videotape rentals to adult guests for viewing on in-room VCRs, and the owners complied.
Phil Burress, president of CCV, said his group's new strategy of targeting explicit adult movies offered by hotels is the first of its sort in the nation, and that more Tristate hotels will soon be investigated by CCV Â“The snowball is rolling now,Â” said Mr. Burress of his group's tactic that has affected three Tristate hotels in a month.
Bruce Taylor, president and chief counsel for the National Law Center for Children and Families, said no other anti-pornography group in the country has successfully pressured three hotels within one region to drop adult Â“That's unique,Â” Mr. Taylor, a former federal prosecutor, said Wednesday from the center's Fairfax, Va., headquarters.
He said that the Tristate's history of prosecuting obscenity Â— made famous beginning in the 1970s with Hamilton County's legal battles with Hustler publisher Larry Flynt Â— adds to the leverage the CCV wields.
Â“You have such a commitment and successful history of prosecution ... that the prosecutors only have to tell the hotels to remove the movies,Â” he said.
Earlier this month CCV officials grabbed national attention when they announced that their supporters had videotaped adult movies in the Marriott Northeast hotel in Deerfield Township and forwarded them to Warren County Prosecutor Tim Oliver. Mr. Oliver said be believed the movies violated Ohio's obscenity laws and warned Marriott officials of possible criminal charges, prompting them to remove the movies.
Â“I'd be very surprised if other actions are not taken by other prosecutors against hotels that are dealing in hard-core pornography,Â” said Mr. Burress, who declined to reveal any details.
The CCV, which was founded in 1983 as an anti-pornography, pro-family advocacy group, has been a high-profile lobbying force against Tristate pornography and what it claims are its detrimental effects on families, individuals and society.
But civil liberties advocates blasted CCV's strategy as unfair to adults who say actions against their limited entertainment options might soon be followed by other restrictions imposed by watchdog groups.
Â“The CCV is trying to export their own Taliban style of fundamentalism,Â” said Scott Greenwood, general counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio and a Cincinnati-based attorney.
Mr. Greenwood said the anti-pornography group's latest strategy, focusing on mostly out-of-town travelers and tourists, Â“points out to a more pressing problem of why does the CCV find it so necessary to go after people who don't even live here.Â”
He said he is not surprised that hotels quickly choose to remove such adult entertainment rather than engage in litigation.
Â“They don't have deep pockets and these hotels are in business to make money, not to defend the First Amendment,Â” he said.
CCV officials estimate that 40 percent of the nation's hotels offer adult movie options, accounting for about 90 percent of pay-per-view revenue. An Enquirer phone survey last year showed that more than half of 20 Hamilton County hotels queried provided such entertainment.
H. Louis Sirkin, a First Amendment and Cincinnati trial attorney, described CCV as a Â“vigilante groupÂ” whose only power comes from prosecutors he claims are not protecting citizens' rights.
Â“What's really frightening about this is that there are local prosecutors who are willing to forget their constitutional oath to protect the First Amendment,Â” said Mr. Sirkin, who added that Â“it's really easy to scare people and that's what the local governments are doing to the hotels.Â”
Mr. Sirkin, who has represented Mr. Flynt and was defense counsel during the city's famous Robert Mapplethorpe obscenity trial against the Contemporary Arts Center exhibition of his photos in 1990, said, Â“It's disturbing to me that Cincinnati is getting a national reputation for this and that's one of the reasons the city is going stale.Â”
Travelodge management was unavailable for comment but Chester Musselman, CEO of Louisville-based Musselman Hotels and owner of the Comfort Suites at 420 Riverboat Row, said this is the first time such a complaint has been lodged against any of his 25 hotels in Kentucky, Indiana and Tennessee.
Â“This is not an issue to us,Â” Mr. Musselman said. Â“I'm running a business and I'll abide by the local laws.Â”
Mr. Verst stated in an Aug. 22 letter to Comfort Suites that Newport police will Â“occasionally check your business to ensure that no further such pornographic movies are being shown,Â” or criminal charges will be filed.
Mr. Burress said that Â“no doubt some people will label this action a violation of privacy (but) it's not a matter of violating privacy or of imposing values. It's a matter of law.
Â“This is not about what someone views in the privacy of their home or hotel room,Â” he said.
Â“This is about selling and distributing obscenity. There are state laws against that and major hotels are not above the law.Â”

@_date: 2002-09-01 00:51:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cyberpunks: Seattle "Activist" Is Not an Innocent 
Bravo Eric! A classic of deconstruction!
An au citizen goes to Kosovo and becomes a hero protecting helpless locals from serb tanks,he then travels to 'Ghan and is protecting local women there from rapists and murdering slave/opium traders in the North,when he is taken prisoner and kidnapped to Cuba.He is still there,no visitors except ASIO agents,no letters,no rights,no rules.Did I mention he is an AUSTRALIAN.An ALLY.The US ambassador,a crooked shrub crony from Arlington condemns and smears the au citizens name much as you did with similar sounding diabolical scaremongering that was old when tailgunner joe was alive.Actually it was old when they were burning witches at Salem.
Another au citizen was kidnapped from Pakistan,he was taken to X-ray as well and is suffering the same cruel,unusual punishment as the other for arguably even less 'reason.' No charges,no trials,no geneva convention rights.No human or civil rights at all.FUCK AMERIKKKA all to HELL! You deserve poison for all your crimes,who poisoned the indigenes? Take your 'intelligence' and shove it up your ass.
In a genuine democracy, the rights of even a minority of one are sacred and cannot be violated with impunity.Â— V K Narasimhan.

@_date: 2002-09-01 01:22:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Holidays in Columbia. 
A top figure in a terrorist group has told his armed fighters to target American interests and to extort, kidnap and murder American citizens.
"The United States has declared war," he said in a radio message to armed followers. "Your obligation is to fight them."
Instructions from a bin Laden deputy holed up in a cave somewhere? Maybe a radical Islamic band in Pakistan? Or extremists in the land of our "ally" Saudi Arabia?
None of the above. Wrong region.
The threat comes from our very own hemisphere, and was issued by Jorge Briceno, military chief of the rebel Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, known as the FARC. The communication was intercepted by Colombian police and reported by a television station in Bogota.
So far, indications are that the FARC plans to attack American citizens in Colombia itself. So far, no one is saying FARC plans to bring terrorism to American soil.
And the best way to assure that that horror does not happen is for the United States to fully support the efforts of Colombia's new president, Alvaro Uribe, to defeat the terrorists who have brought his nation 38 years of war in which more than 100,000 people have died.
There might be doubts about the real motives of Middle Eastern governments that are supposedly part of the struggle against terrorism, but there can be no doubt about Uribe. Aside from his very personal motivation - Uribe's father was killed by terrorists two decades ago - the new president of this Andean nation was elected by a landslide after promising voters a hard line against terrorism.
His predecessor, Andres Pastrana, had made the mistake of believing FARC would be open to a reasonable dialogue and would negotiate in good faith. Pastrana turned over to the rebels a Switzerland-sized chunk of Colombia, which FARC used as a base to conduct terrorist attacks in the rest of the nation. Pastrana came to his senses when he called off talks this past February. Violence has intensified since.
In fact, earlier this month FARC attacked the Colombian Congress while Uribe's inauguration ceremony was being held, killing 21 people in a shower of mortars. It was FARC's way of showing off, of telling the nation that even an event as supposedly secure as the swearing-in of a president was within reach of their violence.
Although the attack sowed fear among the long-suffering people of Colombia, it also showed FARC's own fears. Its leaders know that Uribe is no Pastrana, not someone about to be hoodwinked into thinking Colombia's terror groups will settle for anything short of the imposition of a Marxist That Uribe means business is clear from the measures he has taken barely a month in office. He wants to double the size of the professional army to 100,000 and add $1 billion to annual defense spending of $3.1 billion. He has imposed a special war tax on people and businesses with assets of more than $60,000 and has promised to train a network of 100,000 civilians to act as police auxiliaries.
PUERTO ASIS, Colombia (AP) -- Black spirals of buzzards mark the fresh corpses that turn up in this frontier town and in the nearby coca fields, jungle and pastures, where paramilitary death squads roam freely, killing suspected rebel collaborators or anyone else who gets in their way.
Despite patrols by Colombian soldiers and police, the carnage is mounting, and terrified residents don't know where to turn for help.
"We are in Puerto Asis, where there is no justice, no law," snapped a medical worker, who asked not to be named for fear he might be killed for speaking out. "Someone could come into this office right now and shoot me, and nothing would ever come of it."
The paramilitaries have waged a war of terror across Colombia in their zeal to combat the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, and a smaller rebel group.
Their bloody battle is among the greatest obstacles to President Alvaro Uribe's promises of finally bringing peace to this country after years of bloodshed. The FARC is fighting its own war against the government, a conflict that has stretched 38 years.
In the meantime, Colombian civilians -- like the residents of Puerto Asis

@_date: 2002-09-01 20:52:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CEO's are Psychopaths. 
"As well, psychopaths have been known to excel as politicians and lawyers..."
Chief executives should be screened to weed out psychopaths: researcher Thursday August 28, 2002 - 16:00:33 EST
MICHAEL MACDONALD
ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - At the conclusion of a sobering presentation littered with photos of Mafia hit men and sex offenders, Canadian researcher Robert Hare turns his attention to a little-known subset of psychopaths: the corporate kind.
Hare, a world-renowned expert on psychopaths, then makes the provocative suggestion that some of the recent, blue-chip accounting scandals could have been prevented if all chief executives were screened for psychopathic Please see below for some traits shared by psychopaths
"Why wouldn't we want to screen for them?" he said Wednesday after a speech to 150 members of the Canadian Police Association. "We screen . . . police, teachers. Why not people who are going to handle hundreds of billions of The problem is that corporate head hunters rely on resumes and standard face-to-face interviews, which reveal little about a candidate's psychological profile.
"The average psychopath has no trouble moving through that process," said Hare, who teaches at the University of British Columbia. "That's not even a Hare estimates that about one per cent of the population - that's about 300,000 people in Canada - are clinical psychopaths.
That's why he's working on something called the B-Scan, a rough checklist to help recruiters quickly spot psychopathic character traits among potential employees.
It will be loosely based on a 90-item checklist called a P-Scan, which Hare developed for police officials, prosecutors, corrections personnel and hostage negotiators.
Through his research, Hare has found psychopaths possess a cluster of personality traits, which are reflected in their relationships, emotions and lifestyle.
Aside from having no hint of a conscience, psychopaths have a barren emotional life marked by few close relationships, impulsive behaviour and an inflated sense of self.
They are deceitful, short-tempered and display early behavioural problems that later become anti-social. They also crave excitement and are "They are the central star in their universe," Hare told the crowd as photos of well-known business executives flashed on the big screen behind him.
Most of the pictures were taken from recent newspaper articles related to the collapse of energy trader Enron Corp. and telecom giant WorldCom Inc.
The deceptive accounting practices and fraudulent dealings of these and other companies in the United States and Canada have led to huge losses on the stock market, massive layoffs and a string of court cases.
"These are callous, cold-blooded individuals . . . They don't care that you have thoughts and feelings. They have no sense of guilt and remorse."
That's why the arrogant, manipulative behaviour of psychopaths often make them prime candidates for promotion within large corporations built on ruthless competition.
As well, psychopaths have been known to excel as politicians and lawyers, Hare says, drawing a round of laughter from the crowd at a downtown hotel.
"They have to make decisions very quickly, and they can't worry too much about the potential impact on individuals," Hare said afterward.
More importantly, their utter lack of empathy makes them perfect for carrying out budget cuts and layoffs.
"That's when the psychopath moves in: rightsizing, downsizing, upsizing. When there's chaos, when the rules no longer apply - enter stage right the psychopath. A psychopath flourishes in that atmosphere."
Still, identifying a psychopath isn't easy. Even a checklist isn't much use unless the interviewer has access to the candidate's family, friends and "If an agency is willing to spend the money to do a proper job, then you can screen a lot of these people out," Hare said. "If you interview family members and friends, you'll realize there are lots of clues."
Some traits shared by psychopaths:
Emotions: Glib, superficial, arrogant, narcissistic, egocentric, ruthless and short-tempered with a distinct lack of empathy and no conscience or sense of remorse.
Relationships: Few close relationships and deceitful, but can be incredibly manipulative and charming despite shallow emotions.
Lifestyle: Irresponsible, impulsive and sensation seeking but quite rational and able to act in real world. Early social problems often develop into anti-social behaviour later in life.
Not rare: Estimated two million psychopaths in North America.
Causes: Not scientifically known. Studies suggest a combination of nature and nurture, including abnormal brain functioning. No effective therapy.
Source: Without Conscience, by Robert Hare (Guilford Press, 1999)
Â© The Canadian Press, 2002

@_date: 2002-09-01 20:57:15
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: NYT a Holocaust denier. 
In the years that followed the Second World War, Lord Beaverbrook's old Sunday Express would regale its readers with the secret history of the 1939-45 conflict: "What Hitler would have done if England was under Nazi occupation"; "How Ike almost cancelled D-Day"; "Churchill's plans for using gas on Nazi invaders." Often Â– though not always Â– the stories were true. After war come the facts. It's not so long ago, after all, that we discovered that Nato's mighty 1999 blitz on Serbia's army netted a total of just 10 tanks.
But it took Eric Lowe of Hayling Island in Hampshire to remind me of the inversion of history, the way in which historically proven facts, clearly established, come to be questioned decades later or even deleted from the record for reasons of political or moral weakness. Eric runs a magazine called Palestine Scrapbook, a journal for the old British soldiers who fought in Palestine Â– against both Arabs and Jews Â– until the ignominious collapse of the British mandate in 1948. In Mr Lowe's magazine, there are personal memories of the bombing of British headquarters at the King David Hotel in Jerusalem Â– a "terrorist" bombing, of course, except that it was carried out by a man who was later to become Prime Minister of Israel, Menachem Begin.
Dennis Shelton of the King's Royal Rifle Corps writes a letter, recalling an Arab attack on a British Army lorry in Gaza. "We opened up on them, the ones who could still run away. We found two [British] army bods under the wagon, both badly wounded. I went in the ambulance with them to Rafah hospital. I was holding the side of one's head to keep his brains in. I often wondered if indeed they recovered." Mr Lowe has asked for information about the soldier whom Dennis Shelton tried to save.
But he's probably wasting his time, because the British Army's first post-World War Two war Â– the 1945-48 conflict in Palestine Â– has been "disappeared", sidelined as something that no one wants to remember. According to Mr Lowe, many of the British campaign medals for Palestine were never issued. Dennis Peck, of the Sherwood Foresters, only realised he'd been awarded one in 1998. Until two years ago, the campaign was never mentioned at the Armistice parade in London. There's not even a definitive figure for the British troops who died Â– around 400 were killed or died of wounds. And it took over 50 years for British veterans to get a memorial for the dead: in the end, the veterans had to pay for it from their own But in the late Forties, all Britain was seized by the war in Palestine. When Jewish gunmen hanged two British sergeants, booby-trapping their bodies into the bargain, Britons were outraged. The British, it must be added, had just hanged Jewish militants in Palestine. But now Â– nothing. Our dead soldiers in Palestine, far from being remembered at the going down of the sun, are largely not remembered at all.
So who are we frightened of here? The Arabs? The Israelis? And isn't this just a small example of the suppression of historical truth which continues over the 20th century's first holocaust? I raise this question because of a recent and deeply offensive article by Stephen Kinzer of The New York Times. Back in 1915, his paper Â– then an honourable journal of record Â– broke one of the great and most terrible stories of the First World War: the planned slaughter of 1.5 million Christian Armenians by the Turkish Ottoman government. The paper's headlines, based in many cases on US diplomats in Turkey, alerted the world to this genocide. By 16 September, a New York Times correspondent had spoken of "a campaign of extermination, involving the murdering of 800,000 to 1,000,000 persons".
It was all true. Save for the Turkish government, a few American academics holding professorships funded by Turkey and the shameful denials of the Israeli government, there is today not a soul who doubts the nature or the extent of this genocide. Even in the 1920s, Winston Churchill himself called it a "holocaust". But not Mr Kinzer. Over the course of the past few years, he's done everything he can to destroy the integrity of his paper's brilliant, horrifying, exclusive reports of 1915. Constantly recalling Turkey's fraudulent claim that the Armenians died in the civil unrest in Asia Minor at the time, he has referred to the genocide as "ethnic cleansing" and treated the figure of 1.5 million dead as a claim Â– something he would surely never do in reference to the 6 million Jews later murdered by the Nazis.
Recently, Mr Kinzer has written about the new Armenian Genocide museum in Washington, commenting artfully that there's "a growing recognition by advocacy groups that museums can be powerful tools to advance political causes". In other words, unlike the Jewish Holocaust museum Â– and the Jewish Holocaust itself, which would never be used by Israel to silence criticism of its cruel behaviour in the occupied territories Â– there might be something a bit dodgy about the Armenian version. Then comes the killer. "Washington already has one major institution, the United States Holocaust Museum, that documents an effort to destroy an entire people," Mr Kinzer wrote. "The story it presents is beyond dispute. But the events of 1915 are still a matter of intense debate." Are they hell, Mr Kinzer.
But why should we be surprised at this classic piece of historical revisionism? Israel's own ambassador to present-day Armenia, Rivka Cohen, has been peddling more or less the same rubbish, refusing to draw any parallels with the Jewish Holocaust and describing the Armenian Holocaust as a mere "tragedy". She is, in fact, following the official Israeli Foreign Office line that "this [Armenian Holocaust] should not be described as genocide".Israel's top Holocaust scholar, Israel Charney, has most courageously campaigned against those who lie about the Armenian genocide Â– I advise readers to buy his stunning Encyclopaedia of Genocide Â– and he has been joined by many other Jewish scholars. But with Turkey's alliance with Israel, its membership of Nato, its possible EU entry, and its massive arms purchases from the United States, the growing power of its well-paid lobby groups has smothered even their efforts.
Which raises one last question. Armenian academics have been investigating the identity of those young German officers who were training the Ottoman army in 1915 and who in some cases actually witnessed the Armenian Holocaust Â– whose victims were, in some cases, transported to their deaths in railway cattle-cars. Several of those German soldiers' names, it now transpires, crop up again just over a quarter of a century later Â– as senior Wehrmacht officers in Russia, helping Hitler to carry out the Jewish Holocaust. Even the dimmest of us might think there was a frightening connection here. But not, I guess, Mr Kinzer. Nor the modern-day New York Times, which is so keen to trash its own historic exclusives for fear of what Turkey Â– or Israel Â– might say. Personally, I'd call it all a form of Holocaust denial.

@_date: 2002-09-01 21:08:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: In the Kingdom of Fear. 
Gonzomeister Hunter S Thomson on 9-11.
Q: what I'd really like to know is your reactions on September 11th .. could I get you to tell that story ...
A: ... in a low-key way, I had in fact just finished a sports column for ESPN, and no sooner gone over the wire, and I was on the phone with editor john walsh, he was saying you have to write about this disaster.
I'd been gong to bed after, I guess my column was late -- TV was on, just for the news, and I happened to see the first plane hit in my fogged condition -- I'd been up all night writing the column ... I don't know why, I'd seen enough real -- yeah there was no mistaking the reality of that, didn't make much sense, and it still doesnÃ¢??t really but -- here we go, this is a column I wrote, lets see -- "It was just after dawn in Woody Creek, Colorado when the first plane hit the WTC in NYC on Tuesday morning and as usual I was writing about sports. But not for long. Football suddenly seemed irrelevant compared to scenes of utter devastation coming out of NY on the television.
Q: you went on to say in that article which I have in front of me that even ESPN was broadcasting war news. It was the worst disaster in the history of the US. do you think that the event completely transformed the way in which Americans see themselves and their vulnerability
A: No, the event by itself would not have done that. I've seen planes hit the Empire State Building before, I've been blown totally out of my mind, people have been killed, but it was the way the administration was able to use that event and use it as a springboard for anything they wanted to do. Now that may tell you something. I remember when I was writing that column, you sort of wonder when something like that happens, well, who stands to benefit, You know, it's like murder, you know, who had the opportunity and the motive, you just kinda look at these basic things, and Uh, I don't know if I want to go into this on world-wide radio here, but
Q: You may as well
A: All right, I thought that the US government was gonna benefit, and the White House people. I thought, a distraction to take the mind of the public off of the crashing economy. Now you want to keep in mind that every time a person named Bush goes into office, the nation goes into a drastic --recession, they call it.
Q: It sounds almost like the plot of that film Wag the Dog, where film producers sort of concocted a national event to inspire patriotism to take the public's mind off misdemeanors committed by the president, I mean, it seems a very long bow to me, but are you sort of suggesting that this worked in the favor of the Bush administration?
A: absolutely, I sort of had time on the inside of the white house and of campaigns and I know enough to know that the public version of an event is never really what happened, and these people I think are willing to take that even further so that I don't assume that I know the truth about what went on that day and yeah, well, I just look around and who had the motive, who had the opportunity, the equipment, and the will. These people were looting the treasury and they knew that the economy was going into a spiral Q: from this distance though it does seem extraordinarily conspiratorial that you, that you could sit there and you could see the hand of the US government in that rather than saying international terrorists bent on somehow hurting America and the American people. What sort of reaction did your views get amongst other journalists?
A: (Laughs) well, it was greeted universally with kind of nervousness and almost nobody agreed with me. No it was about 99 to 1. But since then...
Q: Did you publish those views anywhere?
A: I'm not sure if IÃ¢??ve said that, but if I haven't I meant to, let's see..
Q: I was going to ask you for the reaction to them, because I mean I don't want to seem Pollyanaish here but it does seem an extraordinary conspiracy theory that you're putting forward, that your first reaction was that it was the US government rather than an enemy of the US government
A: well, you want to keep in mind that I have lived not just through but very close to a lot of real tragedies in this country, and let me ask you, do you think that you know who killed John Kennedy or Robert Kennedy?
Q: Look, I have to say that I was a boy at the time, and no I havenÃ¢??t read the warren commission report, but it seemed to me that in this case, there were so many more people involved, it would seem to be much less likely some sort of internal conspiracy
A: well, it does, well I can see where you're a little edgy accepting this from me,
Q: well, let me just ask you on that, you've pioneered a kind of journalism called gonzo journalism in which it's almost like thereÃ¢??s no revision, what you see and feel is what goes down on and it's that first blush, that first image that hits the readership. Does that mean that in a way, it's hard for you to appear credible within the US media, people would say that "oh that's just another conspiracy theory from a drug-addled gonzo journalist like Hunter S. Thompson"?
A: yeah, that's a problem, IÃ¢??m not sure if it's my problem or other people's -- or theirs. I mean in this column and the one after it -- I've been right so oftem, my percentages are so high, I'll stand by this column that I wrote that day, and the next one. So that, what appears to be maybe gonzo journalism... Well, I'm not sure, I'm not going to claim any prophetic powers but
Q: One of the things you do say in that first article you wrote, you say, "It's now 24 hours later. we're not getting much information about the 5 Ws of this." Now by the "5 Ws" I'm assuming you mean, the who, what, why, how

@_date: 2002-09-01 21:18:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: What do you call 2 americans shot dead? 
A good start.
A top figure in a terrorist group has told his armed fighters to target American interests and to extort, kidnap and murder American citizens.
"The United States has declared war," he said in a radio message to armed followers. "Your obligation is to fight them."
Instructions from a bin Laden deputy holed up in a cave somewhere? Maybe a radical Islamic band in Pakistan? Or extremists in the land of our "ally" Saudi Arabia?
None of the above. Wrong region.
The threat comes from our very own hemisphere, and was issued by professor Rat.
"Leading the world to higher consciousness
through mockery and cheap publicity stunts."
Face It: Mental Health Isn't for Everyone
"...Professor Rat is fully responsible the lives of two Americans and one Indonesian who have been killed today, 31 August 2002. In his ceremonial speech at the 57th anniversary of the unitary Republic of Indonesia (NKRI) on 17 August 2002, he said, "Papua is not a conflict area!", which indicated: - that he does not care at all about and totally ignore the complexities of problems in his own country; - that he is one of the agents of and has already been bought up by the colonial power of NKRI in West Papua; - that he has betrayed his people and his country, and particularly those who died for their independence; Salossa furthermore claimed West Papua as a "Peace Zone" a term that Operasi Adil Matoa 2002 has been using to eliminate the independence movement. "West Papua is not a Peace Zone, it is absolutely a War Zone since 1961, when Trikora was declared in Yogyakarta (Indonesia, 19 December 1961)", says the courier quoting Gen. Murib. "West Papua does have complexities of problems, be it political, economic, human rights, legal, peace, security, and so on. West Papua has people who were killed, who are suffering and who are being chased day and night," Murib was quoted saying. It has flora and fauna as well as natural resources being exploited massively without any concern at all to the ecology and ecosystem of our heritage. Furthermore, he claimed, "Freeport MacMoRan, Copper & Gold Inc. is politically, environmentally and legally responsible for problems in West Papua. Freeport was the compensation given to the states for allowing West Papua to be occupied by ndonesia. "Freeport is a bloody political project of the modern world that has sacrificed the livelihood of tribal people in West Papua. Papuan people have something to do with it, if not today, it will be done tomorrow, surely, surely!"Gen. Murib also said, "West Papuan people have been demanding Indonesia to open a dialogue table, but has refused to do so and it has responded with brutal acts, by exploiting, raping, killing and hunting other humans into the jungles. The colonial governor of Papua is not listening to his people's demand for dialogue, but advocating its bosses' orders to implement special autonomy by force. "Jaap Salossa is indeed fully responsible to give answers to the world: "IS NOT WEST PAPUA A CONFLICT TERRITORY?

@_date: 2002-09-01 22:38:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Net Censorship au style. 
Indymedia is under repression,its happened twice before.The first shut down Seattle and the Ohio server is no longer with us.See the main board at FBI/legal updates.lower left.
On sept 11 the police are charging a mentally disabled man with threats to kill them.One was a comment to a post made here on May 8 and another on june 1 of 01.
The Ohio legal situation arose after some local LEO's decided to set up grand juries and issue subpoena's before actually writing to the address provided on the offending post.
Vic.Police followed precedent by not seeking to write the address provided.They did use a ph no on one of the posts to 'sting' the MD man by pretending to be from his ISP and offering a 'special deal.'
The 'deal' turned into an ordeal for Matt Taylor of Kyneton.
He was rousted for two hours,had things stolen and was later threatened at the police station.Taylor was charged with some petty public order offence's committed at M1 last year.The good behavior bond issued for those expire in Oct.
Apart from that there is no criminal history.The police kept a computer seized from Taylor and finally examined it.
The computer policeman who examined it,(actually a 'ghost' copy of the hard drive.)said he found 21 items of interest on the computer.
Two have been put forward as supposed evedence of the crime of 'threats to kill.'1 is a copy of an e-mail sent sometime after the May 8 post.It's datestamped and it differs from the posts timestamp.
The second item is a copy of a post that went up on June 1.
It is not timestamped apart from the time on the Indy site that it was made.
The Police are seriously putting forth the proposition that a few Kbs of data out of Gigabytes that someone stored and/or sent from the laptop prove >beyond reasonable doubt < that Taylor is their man.
That no one else had the means motive and opportunity?
Give us a fucking break.
When Ashley Gardiner of the Hun wrote to Declan Mc Cullogh he wrote,"we got your man!" Note the 'we'. The Hun provided the police with a small mountain of their surveillance tapes and photo's of M1.
25,000$ reward was offered for Taylor's arrest in mid May by the La Raza Nazi organization.Many Threats were directed at Taylor by various different sounding anonymous cowards.The nom de Guerre allegedly used by Taylor appears to have been used by other(s) and in a way as to discredit him.
250$ was regularly offered to punch Taylor in the face hard enough to knock him down.All this on IMC's
If you search yourself you will find many posts under the name 'proffr' and 'profrv.'Do they all appear to be from the same man? We have all put up with the long standing Hatfield-McCoy fued of Mayne and Hoser.Thats not the only disputed ID war on Indymedia.
The police themselves say in court,"this(indy)site is one where anyone can Therefore ANYONE online at the time those "threats," were made could have made them by the Police's own admission.
So why delay a trial,bring frivolous charges and harass the defendant and even try and nobble him?
FOI has already exposed much about this,no doubt much more will come out.
Like who was the mysterious 'observer' at Taylors arrest?
Who was in charge,State or Feds? or the (ASIO?) 'Observer.'?
Why was a US SS agent overseeing the arrest?
Does the US want to extradite Taylor as has been alleged by Taylors case worker,Julian Jamieson of Kyneton?
What will happen to Indymedia when someone alleged to be a regular contributor is found guilty of offences carrying a 20 year penalty? If anyone can be found guilty of such an 'offence' in this way then is anyone contributing here  safe?
Is the ultimate aim of this prosecution to chill Indy comment? Where else is this occurring?
This is from EFA.and FBI/legal link...
August 31. -- Closure of the outspoken Internet forum Baiyun Huanghe after students posted messages about the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre. DFN and other NGOs reported about the closure on September 6. The Baiyun Huanghe bulletin board service (BBS - formerly hosted at  belonged to the Huazhong University of Science and Technology (Wuhan, Hubei University officials announced that they were temporarily shutting down the BBS, which had 30,000 registered users, "due to technical problems." A school official told Reuters that the university's party committee would manage the BBS after the shutdown. Users would be required to register with their real names and identification numbers. DFN said "online discussion of the closure continues on other sites". "For example, an Internet forum for Huazhong University alumni ( has been active since Baiyun Huanghe was shut down. The alumni forum is run by a nonprofit alumni organization based in the U.S."
Last March, DFN added, the Sina.com Web site "erased hundreds of messages from its chat rooms which expressed outrage about an explosion that destroyed an elementary school ... killing 38 children. Government officials had claimed that the explosion was the result of a mad bomber, but parents said cash-strapped teachers forced children to assemble fireworks inside the school." "And last June, authorities closed online forums at the Southern Weekend weekly newspaper and the Xici Hutong Web site's Democracy and Human Rights Forum after people expressed concern about recent newspaper closures and firings."
+ Main source: DFN, Sept. 6
+ An updated list of online forums closed in China (DFN)
"...This approach is taken in Australian Commonwealth law (although it has not been enforced in this manner to date) and also in, for example, China, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates and Vietnam. Some countries require Internet access providers to block material while others only allow restricted access to the Internet through a government controlled access point.
"...In contrast to Australia, governments in comparable countries including Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and various European countries have chosen to legislate to give citizens a right in domestic law to freedom of expression similar to that contained in the International Convention on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR). Such a right is by no means absolute and does not prevent governments from enacting or enforcing laws restricting freedom of expression. However, to the best of EFA's knowledge, governments in these countries have not enacted or indicated any intent to enact, Internet censorship legislation as restrictive of adults' freedom of expression, as that existing and proposed in Australia.
"..."China has issued its most intrusive Internet controls to date, ordering service providers to screen private e-mail for political content and holding them responsible for subversive postings on their Web sites. ...
Under the new rules, general portal sites must install security programs to screen and copy all e-mail messages sent or received by users. Those containing 'sensitive materials' must be turned over to authorities.
Providers are also responsible for erasing all prohibited content posted on their Web sites, including online chatrooms and bulletin boards.
"...In Saudi Arabia, public access to and from the Internet has been funnelled through a single government controlled centre since February 1999 when Internet access was first made available. From this centre, the government blocks access to Internet content deemed unsuitable for the country's citizens..."
"...In May 1998, the Swedish Parliament enacted the "Act (1998:112) on Responsibility for Electronic Bulletin Boards". Electronic bulletin board is defined so as to include storage of data on the Internet, such as web pages, etc (thereby excluding personal e-mail that is only stored in individuals' mailboxes).
The law places an obligation on service providers who store information (not those who only provide connections to the Internet) to remove or make inaccessible content that is obviously illegal (they do not have to decide in doubtful cases) according to the penal code, that is:
instigation of rebellion (section 16 article 5)
racial agitation (section 16 article 8)
child pornography (section 16 article 10)
illegal description of violence (section 16 article 10)
or when it obvious that the user has infringed copyright law.
According to explanations of the law made by the government, in computer areas where illegal messages often occur, the service providers must check what is stored, but in other areas, it is enough compliance for service providers to check when someone complains that something illegal has been The above information is a very brief summary of information available (as at March 2002) on the web site of Jacob Palme of the Department of Computer and Systems Sciences, Stockholm University/KTH. For more detailed information see Jacob Palme's pages:
Swedish Attempts to regulate the Internet - BBS Act
Swedish BBS Act

@_date: 2002-09-01 23:53:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Apster thread at anti-state and GREAT DANE! 
Reduced to rooting around in the forest floor with ancap swine,FUCK me DEAD!
Great Dane for BBS's
"...is someone in victoria been charged for writting something on indymedia? "
Yes and he even leaves his MOTHERFUCKING E_MAIL ADRESS there.I despair sometimes,I swear.All I ask is a a small group of thoughtful, committed netizens,is that too FREAKING MUCH! AARRRRGGGGHHHH!

@_date: 2002-09-02 00:15:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Oxymorons R us- Australian Intelligence. 
The Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) Disclaimer
The Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS). Disclaimer. Please
do not enter the web pages of the Australian Secret Intelligence ...
Oh go on...be a devil...
ASIS was formed in 1952 but the organisation was not publicly acknowledged until 1977
Maybe because it was first called ASS.Aussie secret service.The I was added later for some weird reason.Maybe they were embarrassed about being set up with major input from a spy,Charles Ellis,who gave the nazi's the entire battle order of England in1940.
He may have spied for the Russkies when they were at their most evil too.Guess youd want to keep that secret as long as you could.
1977. At that time the Prime Minister stated to Parliament that 'ASIS' capacity to serve Australia's national interest will continue to depend on its activities being fully protected by secrecy.'
Well wouldn't you if the CIA's,"our man Kerr,"had placed you there as PM in a coup?
"They have a terrific sense of humour down there in OzzieLand." W.Colby.Nugan Hand.director.
ASIS is not a police or law enforcement agency. It is prohibited by law from planning for, or undertaking, paramilitary activities involving violence against the person or the use of weapons.
"Cept when training eh boys!" Hahaha!
Theres heaps more but I just started so Ill post this now before I get shot or something.

@_date: 2002-09-02 05:17:00
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: I think I'm in love. 
Its cherry blossom time in country Victoria.Looks like a bushfire summer's "...Stern also holds out hope for new technologies that might combat this trend, and for legal and political remedies that would improve public safety without compromising basic constitutional rights."

@_date: 2002-09-02 17:33:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Net censors strike Brothels while police cop DNA powers. 
Prostitution websites in Victoria will no longer be able to entice customers with full-body images of naked women or explicit menus of available services, under regulations that take effect today.
Criminals forced to give DNA samples
Police are set to order nearly 4000 convicted criminals to provide DNA samples within 28 days or face arrest under state laws that take effect today. Full report
Your say! Should people be forced to provide DNA?

@_date: 2002-09-02 17:40:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Palladium Busters. 
COLLUSION CLAIMS
ACCC probing 'hard-core cartels'
Australia's competition watchdog was investigating about 25 cases of alleged anti-competitive "hard-core cartel" activity, a conference was told today. Full report
According to ACCC chairperson,Alan Fels,Sony's regional coding is fair game for cracking.
"...Professor Fels said hard-core collusion, which could involve secret price fixing, bid rigging, market sharing and agreed restrictions on output, was flourishing internationally ""He used his speech to an Australian Institute of Criminology conference to continue his push for jail terms for executives involved in such illegal collusion.
Prof Fels said it was unfair that people who cheated the social security or tax systems of tens of thousands of dollars could be jailed, yet senior executives who colluded to cause tens of millions of dollars of loss to the community did not face a prison term."
"The law must not be blind to the colour of the collar," he said.
Prof Fels said such offences could currently incur fines of up to $500,000 for an individual, or $10 million for a company, but there were no criminal "Hard-core cartels are secret, they are difficult to detect, they allow the firms involved to corrupt the competitive process ... and enable those who engage in collusion to line their pockets with higher profits," he said.
Prof Fels said that in the six years to 2001, the ACCC received 2,426 complaints about cartels and 400 investigations were conducted.
The commission currently was investigating 20 to 25 cases that could potentially involve hard-core cartels.
In a submission to a review of the Trade Practices Act by former High Court judge Sir Daryl Dawson, the ACCC has argued for jail penalties for executives found guilty of anti-competitive behaviour.
It argues for new seven-year prison terms for executives caught organising illegal cartels, and maximum fines worth 10 per cent of company turnover.
Business groups have attacked Prof Fels' move, and called for his powers to be curtailed. END.
  The US may be too far gone for an ACCC to work,it may need the Mongo

@_date: 2002-09-02 17:58:45
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hearing Voices? 
Hearing voices
By Bennett Ring
August 30 2002
Text has so far done a good job of communicating our thoughts across the Internet, via Web pages, chat rooms, instant messaging and message boards, but lacks the immediacy, tone and personal touch of speech. It also requires the user to type fluently. That's where VOIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol) applications are handy.
VOIP applications, known as voice comms, became popular in the PC online gaming world, where they are still used. Playing with (or against) human beings is one thing, but being able to scream orders and/or taunts at them is better. Team-based games benefit especially; before voice comms, the team leader had to bash out instructions on the keyboard. Once voice comms are set up it's as simple as hitting the transmit key and speaking.
One of the largest uses for the technology is as a substitute for the telephone, especially among those who make lots of interstate and international calls. Why spend serious money on an international call when you can chat for hours at a cost of a local phone call to your ISP? MORE ON
Wired magazine shelled out for Declans call to me last year,It's so much cheaper online,the only thing is the 1 second sattelite gap.It's a bit like ham radio,I used it to call my sister in NZ.

@_date: 2002-09-02 18:07:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Carnivore; a toothless tiger. 
The FBI has openly admitted that its agents have difficulties collecting evidence from computers. FBI Director Robert Mueller told a House committee this summer that the agency lacks the technology skills and understanding that would allow agents to conduct complete computer forensics searches.
Did FBI Bungle E-Mail Evidence?
By Michelle Delio
Print this  Â•  E-mail it
11:55 a.m. Aug. 30, 2002 PDT
The FBI may have overlooked a crucial e-mail account used by Zacarias Moussaoui when agents examined computers known to have been used by the suspected terrorist.
Moussaoui, now defending himself against terrorism conspiracy charges stemming from his alleged involvment in the Sept. 11 attacks, recently requested that prosecutors turn over their records of messages sent and received through his Hotmail account.
Moussaoui claims his e-mail could help him establish his alibi. But the FBI has no records of the account, and an incredulous U.S. District Judge Leonie M. Brinkema now wants to know how the FBI could have searched the computers Moussaoui used and not located any traces of the Hotmail account.
In response, prosecutors have submitted a sworn statement from Microsoft stating that the company is also unable to locate any records of Moussaoui's Hotmail account.
According to Moussaoui, he was registered with Microsoft's free Hotmail e-mail service as "xdesertman."
Moussaoui claims he accessed the account from various computers, including his own laptop, a computer at a Kinko's copy shop in Minnesota, and another computer belonging to the University of Oklahoma.
All of these computers were searched by agents following Moussaoui's arrest in August 2001.
The FBI has openly admitted that its agents have difficulties collecting evidence from computers. FBI Director Robert Mueller told a House committee this summer that the agency lacks the technology skills and understanding that would allow agents to conduct complete computer forensics searches.
Brinkema has also ordered the FBI to file an affidavit stating whether the agency requested help from other government sources when examining the machines Moussaoui used.
"The affidavit must indicate why investigators were unable to retrieve any information from MSN Hotmail and/or any other computers or accounts searched," Brinkema wrote in the order. "It must make clear whether any efforts were made to obtain forensic expert services of any other government agencies such as the CIA or NSA to assist in retrieving the But the evidence may not have been on the computers by the time FBI agents searched them. When an account is inactive, Hotmail deletes stored messages after 30 days, and disables inactive accounts after 90 days.
However, Microsoft has been unable to find records indicating the count ever existed, according to a statement submitted to the court by the company.
E-mail sent by Wired News to "xdesertman at hotmail.com" bounced back with an unknown recipient error message. But attempts to create a new account using xdesertman as a user name were also refused by the service.
Although Moussaoui has a computer in his jail cell for use in preparing his defense, he is not allowed to use the Hotmail service.
Brinkema recently ordered that Moussaoui must be allowed to use a computer to connect to a restricted-access website which contains records relating to his case, but has banned him from accessing other Internet sites from his cell.

@_date: 2002-09-02 19:06:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Foolish Bungling Incompetents? 
FBI agents overseas 'critically important'
In an effort to attack terrorism, drug trafficking, organized crime and other threats at their roots, an unprecedented number of FBI agents are now working overseas, and FBI Director Robert Mueller says they are "critically important" to preventing more terrorist attacks.....( Knight Ridder, 1 Sep 02)
Terrorism's Toll on the F.B.I.
OVER the years, F.B.I. directors have shifted resources to confront the scourge at hand. In the 1970's, Clarence M. Kelley veered away from the fight against Communism and took on organized crime. A decade later, William H. Webster put the emphasis on counterintelligence. William S. Sessions ended his tumultuous tenure with a push against violent crime.....( New York Times, 1 Sep 02)
Bond,james Bond..."There's something from every film and it will be the greatest collection of original 007 objects, images and costumes ever assembled, exploring the science and the art of the Bond films."
--Nicola Osmond Evans, a spokesman for the Science Museum in London about their upcoming "Bond, James Bond Exhibition", which opens next month
Spies in the Boardroom?
...In late July CCBN.com, a Web-based communications firm that handles investor relations, filed suit against the Canadian information services giant Thomson Corp. Seeking treble damages, the suit accuses Thomson of using its two CCBN board seats to steal confidential information--including pricing data and competitive analysis--that helped it create a rival service, and of hiring people who had confidentiality agreements with CCBN....( Forbe, 1 Sep 02)
Spy Sarasota aims gadgets at counter-surveillance market Standing in a busy aisle at the International Security Conference Expo in Orlando, Roy Winkelmann is clutching a 4-ounce device he has just purchased called a "Zap Checker." It is a highly sensitive handheld counter-surveillance meter that detects wireless video or audio bugs as far away as 40 feet....( Herald Tribune, 1 Sep 02)
Gone and now forgotten
Never mind if a country - a member of the NATO Alliance - is now led by a Communist-era secret police agent.....(Budapest Sun, 30 Aug 02)
Bring back SMERSH.

@_date: 2002-09-02 19:10:27
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Chompsky in the Arab news today. 
"...Noam Chomsky, a remarkable US political thinker. He demands radical changes in US foreign policy or the country will face a "revolution from within." He has advised successive US governments since the Carter administration of the need to change the colonialist and supercilious approach to the rest of the world.
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead

@_date: 2002-09-02 19:21:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Gore Techs. 
Gore talks tech, re-invention
Former vice president addresses technology and government officials at Innovative Government Forum
[Posted Aug. 27]
Jebs choice for child care? A wife and child beating advocate.
Bush family values -- He's the best man for the job
DCF leader: It's OK to spank by Carol Marbin Miller, Lesley Clark and Peter The man named Thursday by Gov. Jeb Bush to head Florida's notoriously inept child welfare agency is an evangelical Christian who views spanking that causes ''bruises or welts'' as acceptable punishment.
The revelation did not come to Bush's attention until hours after the governor introduced Jerry Regier, a former Oklahoma Cabinet secretary and aide to Bush's father, as the new chief of the state's Department of Children and Families.
Regier, 57, was named less than 48 hours after the resignation of DCF Secretary Kathleen A. Kearney. He takes over an agency that has been embroiled in scandal since 5-year-old Rilya Wilson disappeared.

@_date: 2002-09-02 19:29:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mongo's with matches,cruel but fair. 
Calif. Forest Fire Forces Evacuation
AP/Steven K. Doi [26K]
AZUSA, Calif. (AP) Â— A wildfire spread rapidly across 10,000 acres of national forest Sunday, sending thousands of holiday campers fleeing.
The fire was burning in the Azusa Canyon area of the Angeles National Forest about 30 miles east of Los Angeles.
About 8,000 campers were told to evacuate campgrounds.
``This was a holiday weekend and the canyon was full of people,'' state Department of Forestry dispatcher James Arthur said.
About 11,420 acres of brush were aflame across California.
In El Dorado County east of Sacramento, a fire destroyed one house and threatened about 100 others. It had consumed 770 acres Sunday and was 30 percent contained.
A 15-year-old boy was in the county's juvenile hall in connection with the fire. A second boy, also 15, was questioned then released to his family, sheriff's Lt. Kevin House said.
One boy was playing with matches when the fire started Saturday between the cities of El Dorado Hills and Rescue, House said.
In San Bernardino County, a 554-acre fire was 61 percent contained Sunday. Investigators were trying to determine whether a burned body and an incendiary device were connected to the blaze that started Thursday.
The device was discovered Sunday morning, said U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Ruth Wenstrom. She had no further details.
Nationwide, the National Interagency Fire Center reported 17 large active fires Sunday that were burning 660,000 acres.
On the Net:
National Interagency Fire Center: Summers slippin away kids,get out in the woods! There is no greenhouse over

@_date: 2002-09-02 20:11:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CIA WTF. 
CIA no big deal in India anymore
CHIDANAND RAJGHATTA
TIMES NEWS NETWORK [ SATURDAY, AUGUST 31, 2002 11:57:38 PM ]
WASHINGTON: India is in the grip of the CIA! So what, did you say? Precisely. The once-dreaded three-letter acronym, not long ago a byword for sinister shenanigans, hardly creates a ripple in India these days.
How else do you account for the fact that several South Asia hands in the US administration who have visited India in recent times come from the CIA, and there is nary a squeak in New Delhi?
The latest visitor to New Delhi who has CIA pedigree is Lisa Curtis, advisor to Assistant Secretary of State for South Asia Christina Rocca. Curtis, a former CIA analyst who has dealt extensively with South Asia, held talks with Hurriyat leaders last week in a bid to persuade them to take part in the Assembly election.
Although a former CIA staffer, Curtis is a political appointee in the state department brought in as aide to Ms Rocca, who herself was a CIA operative before she moved to the Hill to work with Senator Sam Brownback, who propelled her into the administration.
Another familiar South Asia hand who came from the Agency was Bruce Riedel, former Senior Director and adviser to the President on South Asia in the Clinton administration. Riedel went out with the Democratic administration and is now on a sabbatical at King's College, England.
One reason why the CIA has lost is menacing overtones is perhaps because its actions of late have tended to be supportive of India, probably recognising greater dangers.
After all, former US ambassador to India Daniel P Moynihan, records that the CIA bankrolled even Mrs Gandhi's Congress Party against the Communists in Kerala, despite her perpetual rant about foreign hands and destabilisation.
While Curtis has been working on the Hurriyat, Riedel played a key role in the landmark change of US policy that resulted in Washington backing India during the Kargil flare-up.
Such reassuring gestures and change in attitude is perhaps what emboldened Home Minister L K Advani to step into the portals of the CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, during his visit here in January.
Subsequent to the visit, Indian officials say, there has been plenty of cooperation between the two sides, including in the law enforcement front.
One result of that was evident earlier this week, when the American FBI -- which now has an office in New Delhi -- and the Indian CBI staged an unprecedented joint sting operation to net an Indian software engineer who was trying to peddle source code purloined from a US company over the Such a joint action, let alone three CIA analysts coming to India, would have been unthinkable a decade or two back.
CIA track record 50 years back?
Noticed as early as 1950,the new york herald tribune reported listed five events that the 'company' failed to predict.The North Korean attack that year,the fall of Checkoslovakia,the Tito-Soviet split and the Communist victory in China.
p34-'Oyster,the story of ASIS.'Toohey-Pinwell.89.

@_date: 2002-09-02 20:27:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ohio,copperhead row.Michael K Allen eat your dirty heart out. 
Federal judge bars new pornography
Chris Seper
Plain Dealer Reporter
A federal judge yesterday blocked changes that were meant to modernize Ohio's anti-pornography law for the Internet age.
Judge Walter Herbert Rice in Dayton said the law was so broad that it was as likely to ban teaching of the Holocaust in schools and prohibit kids from reading National Geographic magazine as it was to protect them from online pornography and the sexual deviants who prowl the Web.
The judge, who issued a temporary restraining order earlier this month, permanently barred the state from enforcing the law.
Now the state must decide whether to appeal the decision, let legislators amend the law or await a final ruling from the judge later this year.
Bret Crow, spokesman for the Ohio attorney general's office, said yesterday his office was still examining the ruling. He didn't know how it would limit Ohio's enforcement.
Ohio's decades-old law was rewritten earlier this year to cover such things as online pornographers and sexual predators who target youths.
The law made it a felony to distribute material considered "harmful to juveniles" - sex acts, repeated use of foul language, lurid details of violence and the glorifying of criminal activity - via computer, the Internet, newspapers, movies and other similar means.
It was challenged by bookstore owners, a state newspaper association, and a sexual advice Web site, which said the definition of "harmful to juveniles" was too vague and that the Internet should not be included.
Rice, chief judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, didn't rule on the Internet challenge but agreed that the definition of "harmful to juveniles" was too broad and covered too many media.
Mainstream movies and magazines as well as legitimate historical topics could potentially violate the law, Rice stated.
Rice also said Web sites that answer sexual health questions could also be in violation.
"Indeed, under Ohio statutes, it would be illegal to show (a juvenile) a copy of a National Geographic in which indigenous women are pictured naked from the waist up," Rice wrote, also noting that prohibitions of extreme violence could endanger the teaching of the Holocaust.
The attorney general's office argued during the case that no one would interpret the law that broadly, and warned that Ohio youth would be at greater risk if the law was struck down.
But Rice questioned whether the law would be more effective against pornographers than existing legislation. He cited testimony in which Ohio police officers had made scores of arrests by impersonating children online.
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter:
cseper at plaind.com, 216-999-5405

@_date: 2002-09-02 20:42:55
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: US Army interest in au tech. 
There's electronic ballistics at Metalstorm of course now,PermoDrives are go.
PD News Vol 3 No 2
PD News Vol 3 No 2
26 Jul 02: United States Army enlists Permo-Drive for war on fuel. With 246 thousand tactical vehicles, the US Army has the largest truck fleet in the   New Vice President
19 Jul 02: CEO Max Bosotti has announced the appointment of Paul Chandler as Vice President, Permo-Drive Technologies Ltd.
  USA Interest
13 Jun 02: The Permo-Drive Team recently visited North America.

@_date: 2002-09-02 21:05:17
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Scarecrow screws to cardboard cops. 
Job cut out for school cops
Some 300 cardboard policemen reported for duty Monday morning on the streets of the Lithuanian capital Vilnius, as part of a ploy by city authorities to get drivers to slow down as children return to school.
The life-size cutouts painted in the cucumber green of Lithuanian police uniforms guarded street crossings near 90 Vilnius schools.
"We strive to ensure drivers and schoolchildren pay attention to the intensive traffic in Vilnius streets," Vilnius's mayor, Arturas Zuokas, said in a statement.
The children also guard the cops, however, taking them inside after school Wonder if they've heard of cardboard K19 submarine captains?
Time to throw out another 5 tons of blood?
American health authorities are investigating whether the West Nile virus has been transmitted through blood transfusions or organ donations. More than 500 cases have been reported in 26 states and there have been 28 deaths.
Shrub says US jobs more important than a runaway greenhouse full of mozzies as his head is full of feathers.
Victorias a bastard...A book to be published in Britain later this week claims that Queen Victoria may have been illegitimate. In his book The Victorians, acclaimed biographer AN Wilson alleges that Victoria's mother had a lengthy affair with her Irish-born secretary.
The Australian Defence Force Academy says there is no ongoing health risk at Duntroon after a 19-year-old cadet died of meningococcal infection on The cadet saw a Dr and was cleared just before he died.Trust us,we are experts,go back to your desks.It has been revealed an Australian Defence Force Academy (ADFA) cadet who died of meningococcal disease was misdiagnosed. Nineteen-year-old Matthew Lipianin was found dead on Saturday

@_date: 2002-09-02 21:19:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Phillip Agree. 
Police have found the former leader of the Victorian branch of the Manufacturing Workers Union (MWU), Craig Johnston, has no case to answer in relation to allegations of sexual assault.
Dirty tricks in the Union movement? Psychological warfare includes propaganda (also known simply as 'media'), work in youth and student organizations, work in labour organizations (trade unions, etc.), work in professional and cultural groups and in political parties. Paramilitary operations include infiltration into denied areas, sabotage, economic warfare, personal harassment, air and maritime support, weaponry, training and support for small armies.
Closely related to paramilitary operations are the disruptive activities known as militant action. Through organization and support of 'goon squads' sometimes composed of off-duty policemen, for example, or the militant sections of friendly political parties, stations attempt to intimidate communists and other extreme leftists by breaking up their meetings and demonstrations. The Technical Services staff of the DDP makes a variety of weapons and devices for these purposes. Horrible smelling liquids in small glass vials can be hurled into meeting halls. A fine clear powder can be sprinkled in a meeting-place becoming invisible after settling but having the effect of tear-gas when stirred up by the later movement of people. An incendiary powder can be moulded around prepared tablets and when ignited the combination produces ample quantities of smoke that attacks the eyes and respiratory system much more strongly than ordinary tear-gas. A tasteless substance can be introduced to food that causes exaggerated body colour. And a few small drops of a clear liquid stimulates the target to relaxed, uninhibited talk. Invisible itching powder can be placed on steering wheels or toilet seats, and a slight smear of invisible ointment causes a serious burn to skin on contact. Chemically processed tobacco can be added to cigarettes and cigars to produce respiratory ailments.
Increasingly, as the oppressed in capitalist society comprehend the myth of liberal reform, their ruling minorities have no choice but to increase repression in order to avert socialist revolution. Eliminate CIA stations, US military missions, AID Public Safety missions and the 'free' trade-union programmes and those minorities would disappear, faster perhaps, than they themselves would imagine.
How fitting that over the rubble of the CIA's old temporary buildings back in Washington, the new building that rose was called 'Watergate'.
When the Watergate trials end and the whole episode begins to fade, there will be a movement for national renewal, for reform of electoral practices, and perhaps even for reform of the FBI and the CIA. But the return to our cozy self-righteous traditions should lure no one into believing that the problem has been removed. Reforms attack symptoms rather than the disease, and no other proof is needed than the Vietnam War and Watergate to demonstrate that the disease is our economic system and its motivational Reforms of the FBI and the CIA, even removal of the President from office, cannot remove the problem. American capitalism, based as it is on exploitation of the poor, with its fundamental motivation in personal greed, simply cannot survive without force - without a secret police force. The argument is with capitalism and it is capitalism that must be opposed, with its CIA, FBI and other security agencies understood as logical, necessary manifestations of a ruling class's determination to retain power and privilege.
Now, more than ever, each of us is forced to make a conscious choice whether to support the system of minority comfort and privilege with all its security apparatus and repression, or whether to struggle for real equality of opportunity and fair distribution of benefits for all of society, in the domestic as well as the international order. It's harder now not to realize that there are two sides, harder not to understand each, and harder not to recognize that like it or not we contribute day in and day out either to the one side or to the other.

@_date: 2002-09-02 21:46:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Fresh Pulitzer skills. 
Thomas Friedman compares Noam Chomsky to USAma bin Laden.
"...When I asked Friedman during a recent visit to the Kingdom about his differences with Chomsky, he replied, "Just as you regard Osama Bin Laden as an extremist, we in the US regard Chomsky as an extremist."
Friedman also slags off Seattle Anne Thrax thinks these pinko liberals at the NYT need killing,she may have a point.
A suicide Bombing seems called for Anne?

@_date: 2002-09-02 23:25:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AU State prosecutes Schizophrenic.Third cPunk trial.Their 
A man diagnosed with Schizophrenia 20 years ago and drawing an 80% incapacitated pension has been charged with making death threats toward the States police force.
The alleged threats were made last year at Melb Indymedia website as comments to articles.The police themselves have said that "anyone can download there."
No logs used to be kept at the site nor have they been subpoenaed.Are logs kept today?
No registration or log in is required.A post made will not leave a trace on the machine used to e-mail it in.This can be tested by making a cryptic post with some random numbers and then logging off and running a search on the 'C' drive.
No admissions being made,the Police are relying of two copies of posts as evidence.They obtained these copies from a 'ghost' copy of a seized laptop.The laptop was at the accused's place when he was arrested by a multi agency and International police task force.
One of the copied posts is timestamped;the time does NOT match the post,the other copy looks like a saved screen dump.The threat in that second one concerns Molotovs;within the week of that post Italian police had planted Molotovs at a Genoa Indymedia address.They then invaded the address injuring many and smashing computers.One has admitted he lied about being attacked with a knife.
The complaining officer in the AU matter the same week is named Nic Conte.btw.
He appears to be of mediterranean appearance
The post was made with a US SS agent within TEMPEST range of the subjects unit.The police had keys to all the 8 units for a week during this time.The suspects computer had been hacked it had been boasted on the main Indymedia A reward for info leading to the suspects arrest had been offered,it was for 25K.
The suspect had been imitated,stalked,threatened and abused online in the two months leading up to the arrest.Items were allegedly stolen from the unit that the suspect accused the police of lying to gain entry too.
A psych nurse who attended the arrest and had previous access to the computer met the police involved.The media were notified.Suspect was described as an,M1 'protestor',he later managed to get two retractions of that claim in two local papers.
A knife was allegedly pulled on the suspect at the station by Conte.The suspect was kept in a windowless police lockup for the weekend after he refused to sign several bail conditions.The jail has since been condemned,the bail conditions were described by the Magistrate on the Monday as a 'Nonsense",with,"nothing to do with the charges,"(the charges at that time.) The suspect was accused of promoting assassination politics,he was called an anarchist as if that was a criminal offence.
Seven Months after the raid the suspects medical treatment was the subject of a Federal police assault.One of the AFP officers who had been at the raid went to Kyneton and plotted to increase the suspects prescribed medication 3/4 times.
When the suspect resisted he was almost committed.A short time later he tried  at great expense to regain his stolen property.At this hearing SC Conte claimed under oath that he ,"knew nothing about computers."
The computer 'expert' claimed that merely turning on the laptop would alter thousands of files.Presumably the 'Ghost' copy was made from the 'switched on' laptop?
That there was ongoing US interest in this case is spelt out in FOI documents from the AFP and a statement from a psych nurse that the Americans had mentioned Extradition at the January meeting.The US authorities had earlier started to set up a grand jury and issued a subpoena in relation to a post allegedly made by the disabled suspect.
The evidence presented in the discovery is such that a quick move for dismissal with costs would be justified,should a (jury?) trial go ahead it is likely to be a long one with many questions to be answered about the various pressures to prosecute,possible tampered evidence,possible personal antipathy from the complainant.Mistakes made in the sworn brief of the complainant.The complainants history in a manifestly corrupt police force.(esp the drug squad.)
Why when drugs were found at the unit charges were not proceeded with?
Why have the police killed so many mentally ill people lately?
Where the proof that the person charged made the alleged threats is?
(The brief does not even show ISP records of the laptops being logged on the Net at the time of the alleged posts.)
This is the third cypherpunk trial in the ongoing struggle for genuine cryptoanarchy,the State demonstrates its weaknesses at these trials,if its weak then we can pump up the volume,if it overreacts then its grist for the publicity mill.The significance of this trial is even revealed by random It starts on Sept 11.

@_date: 2002-09-03 00:40:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: IRS now selling Juicy Lubes. 
IRS now sells poppers, Vaseline
Knowing this day would come, but surprised it hasn't, Movementarian.com exposes the new business the IRS is involved with, no stone left standing in the process. Current IRS commissioner Charles Rossotti stated in a news conference held today that "[W]e are trying to make the victims feel less victimized. The medical community asked us to do something after April 15th when the largest such ass raping occurred. The urologists specifically requested that we stop penetrating beyond the anus into the rectum. As a traditional policy, we are unable to comply with that request, however we will begin offering scented and colored lubes along with a vast array of non-Aspirin based painkillers. We hope this will cut down on the hospital visits and thank the community for their valuable input."
David Coy Johnston of the New York Times, pointed out in his op-ed "This issue has been completely misconstrued by tax-protesters and really is a moot point. These radicals need to deal with the issue like the rest of us and pay their fair share. Sure there might be a little bleeding and discomfort, but that is the price you pay for living in such a great country. Also, in the past, we in the media tended to provide various lube products, we are committed to doing so in the future as well and appreciate your past compliance; please keep up the great work." Hilary swears by them...
The greatest thing about anal sex is you never have kids you have to worry about so much that you get them chipped...
"Following the recent abduction of ten year olds Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman, the Mirror reports that Wendy and Paul Duval have decided to implant their daughter, Danielle, with "a microchip to track her every move. "If she was kidnapped her exact location would be discovered via a Face It: Mental Health Isn't for Everyone.

@_date: 2002-09-03 00:44:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: ELF demolish 'Homeland security." 
The ELF Press Office received the following communique September 01, 2002:
The Earth Liberation Front is claiming responsibility for the 8/11/02
arson attack on the United States Forest Service Northeast Research
Station in Irvine, Pennsylvania.
The laboratory was set ablaze during the early morning hours, causing
over $700,000 damage, and destroying part of 70 years worth of research.
This lesson in "prescribed fire" was a natural, necessary response to
the threats posed to life in the Allegheny Forest by proposed timber
sales, oil drilling, and greed driven manipulation of Nature.
This facility was strategically targeted, and if rebuilt, will be
targeted again for complete destruction. Furthermore, all other U.S.
Forest Service administration and research facilities, as well as all
DCNR buildings nationwide should now be considered likely targets.
These agencies continue to ignore and mislead the public, at the bidding
of their corporate masters, leaving us with no alternative to
underground direct action. Their blatant disregard for the sanctity of
life and its perfect Natural balance, indifference to strong public
opposition, and the irrevocable acts of extreme violence they perpetrate
against the Earth daily are all inexcusable, and will not be tolerated.
If they persist in their crimes against life, they will be met with
maximum retaliation.
In pursuance of justice, freedom, and equal consideration for all
innocent life across the board, segments of this global revolutionary
movement are no longer limiting their revolutionary potential by
adhering to a flawed, inconsistant "non-violent" ideology. While
innocent life will never be harmed in any action we undertake, where it
is necessary, we will no longer hesitate to pick up the gun to implement
justice, and provide the needed protection for our planet that decades
of legal battles, pleading, protest, and economic sabotage have failed
so drastically to achieve.
The diverse efforts of this revolutionary force cannot be contained, and
will only continue to intensify as we are brought face to face with the
oppressor in inevitable, violent confrontation. We will stand up and
fight for our lives against this iniquitous civilization until its
reign of TERROR is forced to an end - by any means necessary.
In defense of all life,
-Pacific E.L.F.
Congratulations on a righteous action. (english)
profrv 6:11am Mon Sep 2 '02
  comment
Who cares who did it if the result is as claimed? Top job people,keep a low profile and use discreet methods and we can nickle and dime them to death.The quite outrageous sentence's dished out to some of our anarchistic friend demand the most stringent response.Mine is APster and all servants and duespayers of the State are warned that they may be targeted for capital punishment.Gagging me along with CJ and the man will not stop Operation soft drill.
A shadowy figure in an online terrorist group has encouraged armed fighters to target American interests and to extort, kidnap and murder American "The United States has declared war," he said in a radio message to armed freedom fighters. "Our obligation is to fight them."
Instructions from a bin Laden deputy holed up in a cave somewhere? Maybe a radical Islamic band in Pakistan? Or extremists in the land of our "ally" Saudi Arabia?
None of the above. Wrong region.
The threat comes from our very own hemisphere, and was issued by professor "Leading the world to higher consciousness
through mockery and cheap publicity stunts."e

@_date: 2002-09-03 00:57:04
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: SAP arrests two Indymedia reporters. 
BREAKING NEWS - Police Repression Hits Indymedia SA
by Indymedia South Africa Â• Monday September 02, 2002 at 10:29 AM
Indymedia at union.org.za
Two Indymedia comrades have just been arrested at NASREC while doing their job
Two comrades from Indymedia South Africa, Mabata and another one that at this moment remains unidentified, have been arrested today at 14h00 at NASREC. The two have been transferred to Booysens Police Station. Further reports will follow on this countless act of police repression and intimidation on social movements and independent media workers.
Booysens gets mentioned here...
"...There were other cases of torture during crime investigation.
* In February, in the Johannesburg area of Townsview, members of a security firm, BBR, beat and kicked 19-year-old Archie Ngubalane, whom they had handcuffed to a railing and accused of an attempted stabbing. They threatened to shoot a relative who tried to intervene. Police failed to arrest the BBR members for assault, but arrested Archie Ngubalane and detained him at Booysens police station, where he was denied proper medical care. He was subsequently charged with attempted murder, denied bail and transferred to Diepkloof Prison,..."

@_date: 2002-09-03 01:05:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Charges against Indymedia centre dropped! 
District attorneyship of Zurich, Switzerland, decided for suspension of legal charges by Aktion Kinder des Holocaust against Independent Media Center for publishing "We are all Palestinians" cartoon series, where a Warsaw Ghetto-era boy is depicted saying "I am Palestinian". According AKdH's spokesman, Samuel Althoff, cartoon is "anti-Semitic" and "stands for the extermination of the Jewish people and the State of Israel."
Author, Brazilian cartoonist Latuff, published on IMC Switerland and around the Web a cartoon series in order to promote International Campaign for Justice for the Victims of Sabra & Shatila, comparing the suffering of Palestinians to various oppressed people in history.
MORE ON
Indy Swiss and Holland have frontline experience now fighting free speech repression.In Holland the right to link is under threat.

@_date: 2002-09-03 01:35:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Tom Ridge, Gauleiter and Governor of Warthland Security. 
"Ridge reportedly telephoned the ILWU's Spinosa and suggested that any job slow-down or strike would be viewed as a threat to national security."
Bush threatens to use troops against West Coast dockworkers
The LA Times further reported that soon after negotiations began on the new West Coast longshore contract, "the White House convened a working group to monitor them, with representatives from the departments of Commerce, Labor and Transportation and the Office of Homeland Security."
The use of national security and the "war on terrorism" as a pretext for stripping workers of their democratic and collective bargaining rights is already the policy adopted by the Bush administration in relation to the new Department of Homeland Security. Bush is demanding that the 170,000 federal employees being transferred into the new department lose both their civil service protection and union representation.
International solidarity may be needed to nip this forth Reich in the bud,at least arbusto is no demagogue!

@_date: 2002-09-03 02:15:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: From anne Thrax to Chelle shock. 
Care for a rat sandwich?
"...there is another Coulteresque pundit also in desperate need of accountability, to say nothing of restraint: Michelle Malkin. Malkin's syndicated column appears regularly in such newspapers as The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Miami Herald, The Washington Times, The Houston Chronicle and The New York Post. She also shows up as a commentator on Fox News and has an editorialist background from The Los Angeles Daily News and The Seattle Times. Unlike Coulter's unadulterated spinning, Malkin's columns commonly draw upon at least some interviewing and investigation. But this reportage does very little to temper the extreme language and ad hominem rhetorical abuse characteristic of her finished product.
One of Malkin's favored -- and most irresponsible -- rhetorical techniques is a time honored one: guilt by association. And she adds her own unique flavor to this device: The associations made in her columns are frequently of her own idiosyncratic creation and not necessarily existent in real life." MORE ON
What do call a right to lifer who cant wait to start a war?

@_date: 2002-09-03 21:01:32
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Code red leads to Code blue in DC. 
POLICE ABUSE ALLEGED IN THE ARREST OF A ROLLERBLADING POLITICAL ACTIVIST
Bandana protection from Code Red smog in D.C. becomes an excuse for a brutal arrest and violation of rights
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- D.C. Statehood Green Party member and community activist Chris Otten will represent himself in court on Thursday, September 5, when he faces charges after an incident in which D.C. police reportedly violated his privacy and used needless force.
On July 25, Otten was rollerblading on U Street NW, wearing a bandana over his nose and mouth due to Code Red smog. A sergeant of the Metropolitan Police Department (MPD) approached Otten near the U Street Metro Station, wielding his baton and demanding identification. Otten refused, citing privacy rights, upon which police backup was summoned and Otten was tackled to the ground by several MPD officers. He was arrested on the charges of "failure to show identification" and "disorderly conduct," denied medical attention for eight hours, and spent 20 hours in jail.
Otten called his arrest and brutal treatment typical of a larger assault on American civil liberties. "Everyday citizens need to concern themselves when the police show up to harass their fellow neighbors. I encourage all people to read up on our rights and watch the police carefully when the situation calls so to witness and testify against any police brutality that may, and in D.C., most likely will occur."
"What happened to me is nothing new in DC," Otten added. "I met lots of people during my experience in the D.C. criminal justice system who are subjected to police abuse regularly -- to the point where this system has become a culture, a way of life for many D.C. residents."
"As a candidate Ward One member of City Council, I am outraged that [incumbent candidate] Jim Graham and his campaign staff would stand by idly while a young man who was trying to protect himself from the smog found himself attacked and abused by police," said Edward Chico Troy, noting that the incident took place in Ward One. "The police should be held accountable to standards of professional law enforcemet behavior. We should never allow or condone the abuse of law-abidng citizens."
Chris Otten will appear in D.C. Superior Court, 500 Indiana Avenue NW, courtroom 120 on September 5 at 9 a.m., after an 8 a.m. rally in his defense in front of the courthouse. For periodic updates during the day, call Mintwood Media at (202) 986-6186.
"We must take a stand against police abuse of power and the criminal injustice system," said Otten. "This is especially true when U.S. government cronies like John Ashcroft have pounced on people's true fears stemming from 9-11 and he has used them to attack Americans' civil liberties through the USA PATRIOT Act and the Homeland Defense Department, both of which are reminiscent of McCarthy era policies from the 1950s."
MORE INFORMATION
The D.C. Statehood Green Party
1314 18th Street, NW, lower level, Washington, DC 20036, 202-296-1301
- END -

@_date: 2002-09-03 21:03:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Portland State of Siege. 
This story had photos, see the link and the Portland indymedia site for a more complete story.....
The police riot at last week's A22 Bush Protest outraged many people in Portland and around the U.S. Mayor Vera Katz delivered her response on Friday by subjecting Critical Mass riders to pepperspray and police violence. With this choice, she has made it clear that she stands with tyranny and against freedom. Katz's track record of affronts against civil liberties includes the Joint Terrorism Task Force, the Sit-Lie-Stand Ordinance, and the humiliation of Dignity Village. Her committed opposition to basic human decency has never been more obvious. She is a disgrace to the caring, progressive, justice-seeking people of this city and if she had a shred of honor, she would step down. In my book, Katz is more dangerous than Dubya; her brand of petty fascism is endorsed by the clueless liberals of the Democratic Party, whose only difference with the Republicans is that they kiss you before they fuck you over. It's time for you to resign, Vera, and take that thug Police Chief Kroeker with you.
800+ riders showed up for this Friday's Critical Mass, the biggest of the year so far. Just before arriving, we heard over the police scanner that the cops were bringing vans and pepperspray. We figured that the city was somehow planning "revenge" for the victory that the people of Portland enjoyed on A22, which sent positive ripples out across the nation. And while the city certainly tried to use the cops against us -- and certain cops were brutally dedicated to the cause -- the Critical Mass was not Link:

@_date: 2002-09-03 22:08:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: FBI,CIA in au. 
FBI quizzes US ambush victims
By Jordan Baker and Catharine Munro
AN FBI agent has interviewed victims of a violent ambush in Indonesia's Papua province as they recovered in an Australian hospital.
Three people died when an estimated 15 gunmen opened fire on a convoy of cars carrying teachers and their families near a huge US gold mine at the Seven Americans and an Indonesian were airlifted to a hospital in Townsville, north Queensland, where at least two underwent surgery.
Among the injured sent to Australia were American school teachers Saundra Hopkins and Ken Balk, and their six-year-old daughter Taia.
A Townsville Hospital spokeswoman said all patients were stable and resting United States Embassy spokesman Matt Conoley said an American consular official and an embassy legal attache, who was also an FBI agent, had flown to Townsville.
They were interviewing the American patients.
"Obviously this kind of attack can raise concerns that this could be a militant or terrorist attack," Mr Conoley said.
"We wanted to verify whether or not that was the case.
"At this point it's too soon to tell and I don't have any details about what was talked about."
The New York Times reported Western diplomats believed the ambush did not appear to be part of an international terrorist plot against Americans.
Amnesty International today condemned the attack but warned authorities to refrain from using the incident as an excuse to crack down on Papuan It called for an immediate, impartial and effective investigation.
Any suspects should be charged with a recognisable criminal offence and be brought to trial in accordance with international standards for a fair trial, it said.
"Freeport (mine) also has a responsibility to ensure that an effective and independent investigation takes place," it said.
Security authorities have blamed the Free Papua Movement (OPM), but the OPM and its political arm have denied responsibility.
Some analysts have suggested elements of the military could be involved.
The loosely-organised OPM has waged for three decades a low-level guerrilla struggle against Indonesian rule in the province in the western half of New Guinea island.
Meanwhile, a Papuan human rights group has said 15 people had been questioned without lawyers over the killing of three teachers at a remote mine in Papua province.
The claim came as Amnesty International issued a statement calling on the Indonesian government to respect human rights while tracking down the killers of two Americans and one Indonesian at the Freeport gold and copper mine on New Guinea island on Saturday.
Ten more people were injured in the attack on a convoy of cars travelling on a road between the coast and the highlands mine.
They included seven Americans and an Indonesian who were evacuated to Townsville Hospital in far north Queensland for urgent medical treatment.
But the Indonesian military and police both denied they had detained any suspects as their search continued.
Aloysius Renwarin of the Human Rights and Advocacy Group (ELSHAM) in the provincial capital of Jayapura said he had received reports that people in the tribal village of Wara Banti, close to the site of the attack, had been detained in the mining settlement of Tembagapura.
"We heard reports from the Amungme tribe, particularly from Wara Banti village, that they have been accused of being involved in an attack," Renwarin said.
"Fifteen residents of Wara Banti were interrogated by the police but they were not accompanied by a lawyer." "The 15 were just ordinary people, they don't know much."
Villagers were unable to carry out their everyday work because access to roads had been limited to the military, he said.
Regional police chief Made Pastika said ELSHAM's claim was incorrect.
"The police have not arrested anybody," he said.
Pastika said that police had not yet identified a man who was shot dead by soldiers near the scene of the attack on Sunday on suspicion of being involved in the ambush.
"We have asked members of two local tribes to confirm the identity of the dead man but they don't know him," he said.
Papua regional military chief Major General Mahidin Simbolon denied any arrests had been made.
"We're trying our best here and people just need to be patient," he told Security analysts have questioned the ability of the badly organised guerilla group, Free Papua Movement (OPM), to carry out the ambush and said such violence was uncharacteristic of their decades-old struggle for Amnesty International warned the military not to use the attack to justify harsh operations, saying that past assaults have resulted in gross human rights violations against civilians.
"The Indonesian authorities have an obligation to bring those responsible to justice," the group said in a statement.
However, it warned against using the incident as justification for indiscriminate operations against Papuan civilians, including independence "It would not be the first time that the Indonesian military has been suspected of provoking armed attacks or other disturbances in Papua or elsewhere in Indonesia in recent years," Amnesty international said.
First CIA agents in au?
1) Commander Samuel Rountree Sanders,listed as Assistant Naval Attache' and assistant Attache' for air.1954
2)Lt Colonel Collas G Harris.'Assistant air Attache'.1956.The year of Dulles visit.

@_date: 2002-09-03 22:08:59
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Yahoo trojan horse in China. 
Yes sir no sir three bags full sir...
Carnivore fails in the US...fall of Govts imminent?
Declan McPotatoheads heads fall report..."No one's life, liberty or property are safe while the CATO Institute is in session."
As the PATRIOT act was pre chewed,what else is on the menu Dec? Inquiring minds etc...
"First they came for the hackers. But I never did anything illegal with my computer, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the pornographers. But I thought there was too much smut on the Internet anyway, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the anonymous remailers. But a lot of nasty stuff gets sent from anon.penet.fi, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the encryption users. But I could never figure out how to work pgp5 anyway, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for me. And by that time there was no one left to speak up."

@_date: 2002-09-03 22:31:28
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Chicken attack on America. 
Chicken kill leaves bitter aftertaste
By Daniel Lewis, Regional Writer
September 3 2002
When the diseased birds wouldn't burn as fast as they were being gassed or having their necks wrung, the alternative for Mangrove Mountain was the pits.
There are two of them, lined with more than 100 shipping containers that are filled with the carcasses of about 1.5 million chickens. The pits must be monitored for at least 30 years - which the Auditor-General says is costing about $1 million a year.
They are symbols of the fact that people are still paying for Australia's worst outbreak of exotic animal disease long after the last animal was destroyed. Newcastle disease struck the small Central Coast farming community's poultry industry in 1999.
What happened to farmers like Shaun Rodger has helped the country understand how devastating a widespread outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease would be.
The Productivity Commission looked at Mangrove Mountain and noted: "Although the disease was confined to one area it took three months to control, involved up to 5000 people working on eradication and is conservatively estimated to have cost governments around $22 million (excluding compensation)."
The cost to the chicken meat industry has been put at $200 million and farmers are still furious over their compensation.
 From what he saw at Mangrove Mountain, Mr Rodger's assessment of foot-and-mouth is that "you wouldn't have a hope in hell of stopping it".
Mr Rodger - whose family was reduced to accepting food parcels after the outbreak - is also chairman of the NSW Contract Poultry Group and represents most chicken farmers around Mangrove Mountain.
They are still angry, he says, over the lack of consultation from government authorities as the outbreak was tackled. "You have got to use farmers. Nobody knows their plot of dirt better than the farmer. Farmers just felt isolated."
Had their advice and help been accepted, the outbreak would have been controlled far more quickly and cheaply.
Many locals also fear that the pits are not being monitored closely enough, Mr Rodger said.
The destruction and disposal of seven million animals in Britain last year after a foot-and-mouth outbreak has thrown the spotlight back on carcass disposal. Britain's Environment Agency recorded about 50 cases of water pollution related to carcass burial, but there was no long-term contamination of drinking water. There were about 900 burial sites and 300 complaints about the smell.
The burning of animals on spectacular pyres was seen as a public relations disaster that cost British tourism billions of dollars.
The preferred method of carcass disposal in Australia is burial, although burning was tried first at Mangrove Mountain.
Huge fires fuelled by 120,000 railway sleepers burnt 24 hours a day to destroy more than 500,000 birds, but could not keep up with the killing, says NSW Agriculture's Kevin Cooper, who managed the outbreak.
The pits were built to the highest standard, well above the water table, and rigorous testing had revealed no problems.
NSW Agriculture is now working with local government to identify sites across the state that could be safely used for future carcass burials.
At Mangrove Mountain, the State Government still employs a community worker to help locals adjust. A Department of Community Services survey found that 69 per cent of people felt it would take at least two years to recover economically and emotionally.
Its research identified continuing divisions between chicken farmers and others over issues such as restriction of movement during the emergency. The outbreak also sparked stigma, paranoia and conspiracy theories.
Farmers' children were bullied and the case of the child who had a chicken sandwich unnecessarily confiscated when the school bus was stopped at a checkpoint has become bitter legend.
Mr Rodger says the only good result was Mangrove Mountain was put on the map. When Sydneysiders discovered the beautiful rural property within an hour's drive, real estate prices rose, but "they're already complaining about the smell of chook manure".

@_date: 2002-09-03 22:39:37
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Pocketmail 
Hey my moms got one of those! The only problem? The price halved just after she bought it.
"...More disciplinary cases have been brought against employees for violating company e-mail and Internet policies than for acts of dishonesty, violence or health and safety breaches..."

@_date: 2002-09-03 23:13:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Erm,ah,a "Pinhead" from ratbags.com would like to set you 
The moral disease of homosexuality is rooted in the godless metaphysics of evolutionism. Evolutionism is the theory, homosexuality is the practice.
Evolutionists fail to distinguish between the anus and the vagina because they both appear as a hole. It is the same ideology that refuses to distinguish between human bones and monkey bones because they both appear as bones. This is like failing to distinguish between a rocket launcher and a pipe because they both appear as a tube. However, nobody makes that mistake becuase everybody applies intellegent design theory, not evolutionism, to those things.
Many evolutionists take this ideology to its logical limit. Since their belief system predicts the anus and the vagina are both purposeless holes with no difference between them there is no reason not to engage in the using of either one--with the easier-to-obtain anusus winning out. This is where homosexuality comes from.
Well, what are the actual consequences of this behavior? Anus-stuffing evolutionists think they have deceived G-d because they have deceived themselves, but G-d is not mocked and he will have his vengence! Returning to our analogy, the vagina, like the pipe, is designed for bi-directional flow. The anus, like the rocket launcher, only launches one way! If you continue to stuff anuses, like stuffing a rocket launcher--an explosion will inevitably occur. This is what's happening in the world today.
Global warming is really caused by the wrath of G-d against the rampant anus-stuffing society known as the Netherlands. G-d intends to melt the polar ice caps in order to drown that most sinful lowland nation like he did to the world in the days of Noah--and this time, there will be no litttle Dutch boys to stick their fingers in the dyke-holes to stop it. That will only be the beginning, the day of reckoning for the continual stuffing anuses for ll of humanity will then be upon us! (partially described in Revelation)
Jesus loves you and so does Pinhead

@_date: 2002-09-04 00:06:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Was Mi5 behind the Blair Ditch project? 
MI5 agent David Rupert tried to get the Continuity IRA (CIRA) to procure biological weapons, The Sunday Business Post has learned.
The breakaway republican group eventually declined Rupert's overtures, but the informant is believed to have succeeded in smuggling arms from the United States into Ireland, with the full knowledge of MI5, in 1997.
The American was operating as an agent for the British security service from a base in Donegal without authorisation from the Irish government. The Garda was also not informed.
This newspaper has seen a series of e-mails which were sent by Rupert to his MI5 handlers in which he outlined his extraordinary efforts to inveigle himself into the CIRA hierarchy between 1993 and 1998.
"I had outlined the weapons deals briefly in the US," Rupert wrote in one e-mail sent to his MI5 handler in 1998. "I talked about the computer deal and then the big one, biologicals. I said I understand they are quite easy to get in the US as a laboratory experiment type deal. They were interested."
The 51-year-old Rupert is now on the Witness Protection Programme in the United States waiting to give evidence in the trial of Michael McKevitt, the alleged leader of the Real IRA.
McKevitt is expected to go on trial early next year in the Special Criminal Court on charges of directing terrorism.
Related article:
North's MI5 man in bizarre chemical weapons plot
MI5 spy in North enquired about biological weapons
MI5 agent David Rupert tried to get the Continuity IRA (CIRA) to procure biological weapons.....( Sunday Business Post, 2 Sep 02)
"I had outlined the weapons deals briefly in the US, I talked about the computer deal and then the big one, biologicals. I said I understand they are quite easy to get in the US as a laboratory experiment type deal. They were interested."
--MI5 spy David Rupert in an e-mail sent to his MI5 handler in 1998 on his attempts to convince the Continuity IRA to procure biological weapons from the United states

@_date: 2002-09-04 00:21:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: SOB George and the Mondragon. 
The Challange of Mondragon.
In the Beginning . . . .
The Basque region of Spain has, in recent years, seen the rise of a system of cooperatives that is unparalleled in its dynamism, growth, and economic impact on a region. The system, which spreads throughout the surrounding Basque region, is named after Mondragon, a town in the mountains of Guipuzkoa Province near Bilbao, the place where the first cooperatives started. Since its start over thirty years ago, it has gained an international reputation, with similar models now being developed in England, Wales, and the United States. While its explicit connections to the anarchist tradition are unclear, the Mondragon system is an example of liberatory [sic] organization which, like its predecessors in the Spanish Civil War, has achieved success on a scale unequaled in any other part of the world.
The Mondragon network was founded by a Catholic priest, Don Jose Maria Arizmendi, a man who had narrowly missed being put to death by Franco as a result of his participation in the Spanish Civil War on the Republican side. With the help of collections from citizens of Mondragon, he founded an elementary technical school in 1943. The first graduates numbered among them five men who, in 1956, founded a small worker-owned and managed factory named ULGOR, numbering initially 24 members, and given to the manufacture of a copied kerosene stove.
This cooperative venture proved successful and developed into the flagship enterprise of the whole system which later was to come into being. At one point ULGOR numbered over 3,000 members, although this was later recognized as too large and was reduced. The structure of this enterprise served as the model for the latter enterprises forming the system. Following the Rochedale principles, it had one member-one vote; open membership; equity held by members and hence external capitalization by debt, not equity; and continuing education
Mondragon CorporaciÃ³n Cooperativa
17/06/2002.- MCC increased sales by 14.7% in 2001 and created 6,800 new jobs
In a year like 2001, characterised by an acute slowdown in the economy all over the world, made worse in the second half of the year by the tragic events of 11 September, MCC companies performed reasonably well. They increased their sales by 14.7%, with significant international expansion in the industrial area and 6,800 new jobs created, although overall profitability fell somewhat. For 2002, the forecasts are for a 14% rise in sales and 5,000 new jobs

@_date: 2002-09-04 00:26:33
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: CAPPS 
By late fall, federal airport security officers hope to begin installing computer systems that can instantly check the personal backgrounds of airline passengers and alert security officials to any who are deemed dangerous before they can board planes and take off.
The tool, a substantially advanced version of the Computer Assisted Passenger Prescreening System (CAPPS) now in use, is being designed to comb multiple government and commercial databases for information that could indicate that a passenger poses a threat.
Although installation of the system at airports is scheduled to begin in late fall, a government official, speaking on background, said it could be delayed if, as expected, the Transportation Security Administration is pulled out of the Transportation Department and moved into the Homeland Security Department.
"We're waiting to see what happens with the new department," the official said.
The House of Representatives has approved a Bush administration plan to create the Homeland Security Department and move TSA and about two dozen other federal entities into it. But the Senate has only begun to examine the proposal.
Last spring, TSA hired four companies to design rival versions of essential software for the passenger screening system, and agency officials expect a final design of the system to be finished this fall.
The system should be able to conduct "real-time preflight background threat evaluation" of airline passengers by using names and personal information taken from passenger manifests, according to TSA and industry sources.
The system, called CAPPS II, would compare information from manifests with information culled and analyzed instantaneously from "numerous databases from government, industry and the private sector" to determine whether any passengers pose a security threat.
A computer using a security scoring algorithm and criteria and weights set by TSA would decide whether a passenger posed a threat. The system would also consider "threat data gathered from state, federal and private-sector sources," TSA officials wrote in a report on CAPPS II.
An existing version of CAPPS provides threat information to airline employees, who are then supposed to pass it on to airport security personnel. The new version is being designed to provide threat alerts directly to "front-line security forces," including via secure wireless communication, the report states.
TSA's plan to use information from commercial databases worries privacy The Electronic Privacy Information Center warns that "each airline passenger will be subjected to an extensive profiling" if CAPPS II goes forward. Lawyers for EPIC sued TSA, saying the agency failed to disclose enough information about how the system will work.
EPIC wants to know what factors would trigger a threat alarm, how accurate data in the databases would be, what recourse travelers would have if they are falsely identified as being a threat, and whether the system violates constitutional prohibitions, including those against unreasonable searches.
TSA officials are guarded about discussing the system. In a notice about CAPPS II sent to software developers this spring, TSA warned that "there shall be no public release of information concerning the requirements" of the system or proposals by companies interested in developing it.
But industry officials insist it will work. "It could be very effective" in identifying potentially dangerous passengers, said Allen Shay, president of Teradata, a data warehousing division of NCR Corp.
The system is likely to focus on passengers who pay cash, buy one-way tickets or have questionable or conflicting identification documents, criminal records or other information in databases that arouses suspicion, he said. Similar automated background checks are common in the financial industry and commerce, Shay said. Banks, for example, check employment, credit and financial records when marketing loans.
But the passenger-screening system is almost certain to raise concerns about privacy and profiling, Shay said. "When it is done in the commercial world, it is known as customer resource management. When it is done by the government, it's an invasion of privacy," he said. "To move forward in a positive way, that's something we're going to collectively have to get over."
Hope it picks up anthrax carrying sheep murdering Mi5 agents.

@_date: 2002-09-04 00:32:53
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: US SS knives SA on HR for HS.Night of the long knives. 
Remember when the SS took over from the SA Lili Marlene?
The Bush administration did not go far enough when it recommended giving the proposed Homeland Security Department extra flexibility in hiring, retaining and firing department staff, according to President Bush's Homeland Security Advisory Council.
Despite already heated opposition to Bush's proposal in the Senate, the council, which draws its members from the public and private sectors, suggested several ideas in a meeting last week, including that senior executives and managers slated to join the proposed department be required to apply for the new positions they would hold.
Using this tactic, the administration, employees and the public can be sure that the department's leaders are really the best people for the job, not just the people who held certain titles before, said council member Ruth David, president and chief executive officer of Analytical Services Inc.
Measuring the performance of people, as well as systems and programs, is important throughout the department, council members agreed.
The council was especially concerned with the role of middle managers. For example, they proposed evaluating managers on their ability to make their staff members work as a team Â— and replacing managers if they fail.
"Culture is an asset, but it can never be an excuse," said Norm Augustine, former chief executive officer of Lockheed Martin Corp., whom the council called in to share ideas on integration. Augustine also served as a member of the U.S. Commission on National Security/21st Century, a bipartisan group established by Congress that called for a homeland security department in its final February 2001 report. Members acknowledged that many of the flexibilities the council suggested do not easily fit within the government structure. "We're having to invent an entirely new process of integration," said Utah Gov. Michael Leavitt, a council member.
But all agreed that past experience merging agencies shows that working by old management rules will cost critical years while trying to bring together all the pieces of the proposed department.
"We do not have the time to repeat those patterns," said council member Lydia Thomas, president and CEO of Mitretek Systems Inc.
Council members said management flexibility was critical to the success of the department. But the concept still faces a fierce debate in Congress.
Although the House passed its version of the Homeland Security Department bill July 26 with the management flexibilities intact, the battle in the Senate, which is still deliberating the bill, is heating up.
Sen. Joe Lieberman (D-Conn.), chairman of the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee, sent a letter last week to members of Congress highlighting the differences between the president's bill to create the proposed department and the Senate version. Lieberman's committee leads the Senate's work on the bill.
In the letter, he said that the Senate is already giving the administration "all the power it needs to create and run an effective, performance-driven "In my view," Lieberman wrote, "the administration has blurred the focus of its bill and risked dragging this common cause into a quicksand of unnecessary controversy by taking on significant but vague new executive powers that are uncalled for and in some cases unprecedented."
Meanwhile, in a report last week, Bobby Harnage, national president of the American Federation of Government Employees, maintained that "pretty much what the administration is pleading for already exists." Flexibility, Harnage said, is another word for "gutting the civil service merit system and busting employee unions."
A push for more power
President Bush's Homeland Security Advisory Council highlighted several management flexibilities that its members consider essential to the proposed Homeland Security Department, including the ability to:
* Pick managers based on the new department's structure rather than on employees' old titles and positions.
* Give the department's chief information officer control of every portion of the information technology budget.
* Identify an independent group or person who can observe the management practices of the agency and highlight where and when problems occur.
* Make quick personnel changes when managers are not successful in bringing their groups together into one culture and promote managers who support the department's goals.
Check survey on front page.47% to 53% when I looked today.

@_date: 2002-09-04 06:04:19
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shooting cops is an Adrenaline rush.Its also more popular this 
Sniffer dog picked up trail
By WAYNE HOWELL, Supreme Court reporter
A POLICE dog tracked a fresh human scent just after two officers were gunned down, a jury heard yesterday.
The dog, Gus, picked up a scent near the shooting, the Supreme Court was told.
The four-year-old rottweiler led his handler, Senior-Constable John-Peter Murray, under three fences, apparently tracking a scent but never reaching its source.
Sen-Constable Murray said he believed Gus could distinguish the scents of innocent passers-by and offenders.
"Actual offenders . . . have an adrenalin rush . . . that the dog actually tracks a lot better and is more excited . . . to just a member of the public," he said.
Asked about Gus's intensity while following the scent, Sen-Constable Murray said: "I believe the track was fresh."
Sergeant Gary Silk, 35, and Senior-Constable Rodney Miller, 34, were fatally shot in Cochranes Rd, Moorabbin, early on August 16, 1998.
The prosecution in the trial of two men accused of the murders has told the court the police were shot when they pulled over two armed robbers who had been about to hit a restaurant.
The jury has heard that two other policemen saw their colleagues being shot from 100m away, and the car they had pulled over driving away.
The court has heard that despite being mortally wounded, Sen-Constable Miller managed to say there had been two attackers and one was "on foot".
The court heard yesterday that the day after the shooting, a television cameraman found a spent bullet casing while filming people putting flowers at the scene.
Christopher McHattie said that while he was filming he noticed a "shiny object in the grass" and called over the journalist who was with him.
"We bent down to give it a flick and realised it was what looked like a spent bullet casing," Mr McHattie said.
Bandali Michael Debs, 49, of Springfield Drive, Narre Warren, and Jason Joseph Roberts, 22, of Merrijig Drive, Cranbourne, have both pleaded not guilty to two charges of murder.
Their trial, before Justice Philip Cummins, was to continue.
Attacks on police soar
By TANYA GILES
VIOLENT crime against police is rising: more than 2300 officers were attacked while on duty in one year.
Knives were the most common weapon used. More than 150 police were attacked or threatened with flick knives or blades last year -- a 64 per cent increase on the previous year.
Criminals shot at three officers and another 22 police were threatened with firearms in 2001 -- a 19 per cent increase. Total assaults against police jumped to 2310, an 18.5 per cent increase on the previous year.
Next month, Victoria Police will begin to issue the latest in bulletproof vests to all officers.
About 8600 police will be issued with the lightweight T-shirt style vests that, unlike the bulky vests worn over clothes, can be hidden under their The vests are made from a fibre several times stronger than steel and not only stop bullets but can prevent knives stabbing through the fabric.
Inspector Emmett Dunne, manager of the operational safety and tactics training unit, said police would have the choice of several types of vests offering different levels of protection, and would be trained in their use from October 1.
Insp Dunne said police did not deserve to be threatened or injured while protecting the community. He urged all Victorians to remember there was a "human being behind the uniform".
"Just remember they have got a family and friends to go home to as well," he said.
Other police statistics obtained by the Herald Sun revealed 50 police were threatened or battered with bats, bars or clubs last year, an increase of 20 per cent.
In one incident, five officers were injured by a man wielding a large ceremonial crucifix inside St Margaret Mary's Catholic Church, Spotswood.
Another 17 police officers were rammed with vehicles, in a total of 83 incidents in the past five years. One police sergeant narrowly escaped death when he was forced through a wooden fence and crushed in a hit-run incident involving a stolen car in Reservoir.
Insp Dunne said police were instructed on how to deal with potentially violent situations through conflict resolution and other evasive actions.
Police Association secretary Senior Sergeant Paul Mullett said police should not have to face attacks while doing their jobs.
"Our members are on the front line as far as keeping the community safe. We are the thin blue line, and any attack on police is an attack on society itself," he said.
"Our members should not be used as punching bags because they are doing their job protecting the community."
Sen-Sgt Mullett said covert ballistic vests needed to be introduced urgently to offer police immediate protection.

@_date: 2002-09-04 22:05:31
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Denver P.I.Gs cough up. 
Activists in Denver get a peek at the secret police files that had been compiled (english)
AP 12:28am Wed Sep 4 '02
  article
About 200 people crowded the lobby of Police Department headquarters Tuesday after officials opened 3,200 ``spy files'' on local activists and DENVER (AP) _ Holding the just-released 18-page file that had secretly compiled on her by police, activist Barbara Cohen smiled and shrugged her ``Don't I look like a dangerous criminal?'' the barely 5-foot tall, 53-year-old gray-haired legal secretary asked.
About 200 people crowded the lobby of Police Department headquarters Tuesday after officials opened 3,200 ``spy files'' on local activists and City officials have conceded police went too far when they began documenting individuals and groups some three years ago. Mayor Wellington Webb, himself the subject of police surveillance when he was a young activist, has condemned the practice. He said it violated city policy.
Many who waited for up to an hour to see their file received papers that still smelled of black marker where police had deleted the names of people linked to them. Some of these files, which were categorized by groups, individuals and incidents, contained inaccurate information, some said.
Cohen, who belongs to the group End the Politics of Cruelty, said she is considering a lawsuit after police linked her to a motorcycle group she never heard of.
News that religious and peace groups were among those placed under surveillance since about 1999 drew charges of police misconduct, an investigation by a three-judge panel and the decision to let some people see their files before the reports are purged.
Mark Silverstein, legal director of the Colorado chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, had a file for speaking at a rally in February 2000, which he insisted he didn't attend.
``It sounds like I ran my mouth off at a rally, but I wasn't there,'' he said.
The American Friends Service Committee, a Quaker group and a Nobel Peace Prize winner, was listed as a criminal extremist group by police, according to the ACLU.
So was the Chiapas Coalition, which supports the Mayans of the Chiapas state in Mexico where there have been guerrilla uprisings. Amnesty International was listed as a civil disobedience group.
Some officers were not properly trained in intelligence gathering and some people and groups may have been misclassified as criminal extremists, said C.L. Harmer, spokeswoman for the Department of Safety, which oversees the police department.
The system has been examined by outside auditors and training is under way, she said.
Criminal intelligence gathering, however, remains an important police tool, Harmer added.
``As we approach 9-11, I think it reaffirms the legitimate use of legitimate criminal files,'' she said.
Records of people not suspected of crimes will be released to those people, then purged after Nov. 1. However, the city attorney's office will keep copies of all files, including those eliminated by police.
The names of people or groups considered legitimate targets of surveillance, as determined by an outside auditor, will remain in the files and won't be released.
On the Net:
Denver police:

@_date: 2002-09-05 11:29:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: UK MOD 
MOD Selects The Carlyle Group as Preferred Bidder for QinetiQ partnering Press release announcing that the Carlyle Group, the well-connected and secretive private equity firm central to many post-911 conspiracy theories, is likely to take an unspecified stake in QinetiQ, the 'scientific research organisation' currently owned by the UK Ministry of Defence ( QinetiQ )
See also this additional release, and this Red Herring article from Enrons Tentacles in England,au.

@_date: 2002-09-05 11:44:40
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Eurotrashing our rights.Grey ooze. 
Secret EU-US agreement on criminal cooperation being negotiated (PDF)
Leaked text of EU documents related to a 'secret agreement on criminal matters, investigative procedures and joint teams being negotiated' between EU and US officials 'without the European or national parliaments being consulted' - 'In the negotiations with the US the EU governments appear to be willing to drop or modify (in a negative way) a number of basic rights and protections built into EU law and protected by the European Convention on Human Rights' ( Statewatch )
See also this press release with links to supporting documents, and this Guardian coverage
Privacy and Human Rights 2002 (PDF)
Annual international survey of privacy laws and developments, this edition examining the effects of 'anti-terror' measures introduced or proposed since 11 September ( Privacy International )
See also the accompanying Country Reports: Argentina to Lithuania (PDF) and Country Reports: Luxenbourg to United States (PDF), this press release, and this CNET coverage
John Gray: Forget everything you know
Long, erudite profile of philosopher John Gray, Professor of European Thought at the LSE
( Will Self via Independent )
See also this article by Gray from February 2001, this article by Gray from July 2001, and this article by Gray from April 2000, all of which emphasise a preference for 'realism' over 'unreality'

@_date: 2002-09-05 11:55:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Freeze frame on the stuckist web,proposal to boycott 
"...some of your contributors to this debate remind me of the kind of gentlemen who live in Montana and bury food and ammo caches around their houses for when the UN troops come to round them up. It seems that the era of personal liberty we've enjoyed in the West for so long is finally going to be ended when Microsoft and the RIAA take over the internet and we all have Fritz chips installed up our arses. "
"Also arriving via The Daily Electronic Crapper was news that organized crime was in the business of disseminating computer viruses. Why the underbosses might be involved in virus surplus was not explained by Reuters, but the news did mix nicely with word from a colleague a week earlier that an "expert" at a recent CERT-hosted conference was chattering excitedly about the Mafia carrying out hits over the Internet."
Pommies gettin' jiggy wit it?

@_date: 2002-09-05 12:30:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Guilty till proven innocent.State P.I.Gs get seizures. 
"STREET level drug dealers, car thieves, burglars, abalone poachers, standover merchants and blackmailers face losing all their assets under new seizure laws.
Criminals' assets will be frozen upon or before arrest and automatically forfeited after conviction.
And police will be able to sell possessions likely to depreciate in value, such as luxury cars and boats, even before their owners appear in court.
After conviction it will be up to the criminals to prove they legally obtained the seized assets, rather than for police to prove they were the proceeds of crime.
They will lose everything they own, from houses right down to watches and clothes, unless they can prove lawful acquisition Police Minister Andre Haermeyer yesterday defended the reversal of the usual onus of proof as necessary to hit criminals where it hurt most Â– in their hip pockets." "police had been foiled in seizing some criminals' assets because of the speed with which money could be moved on the Internet."
MORE ON
Corrupt P.I.Gs prove they cant be trusted.

@_date: 2002-09-05 12:52:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Affordable terrorism insurance from a socialism for the rich 
"...In general, the insurance scheme is expected to operate along similar lines to that of Pool Re, which was set up by the British Government at the height of the IRA's terror campaign. Under that scheme, premiums cover bombings and, if reserves are exhausted, member companies contribute another 10 per cent, with any remaining liabilities idemnified by the British Government."
How many of these free market capitalists love the Govt tit?

@_date: 2002-09-05 14:07:51
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: April 1 in Sept. Greek Fucking. 
Keep forecasting collapse of Govts,you'll never go wrong.
Carnivore paper tiger?
Fly by Night
Homeland security is apparently working better as theory than as reality. Reporters investigating airport security over the Labor Day weekend were able to smuggle all sorts of contraband -- small knives, corkscrews, pepper spray, razors -- through checkpoints at 11 major U.S. airports. CBS news crews were even able to get lead-lined bags -- which block out X-rays -- past roughly 70 percent of the airport screeners. Worried? Remember, these are TV reporters we're talking about here.
Reinstall XP?

@_date: 2002-09-05 14:32:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: "Vigilantes,"collateral damage" in Spam wars au 
Govt sites blocked cant be all bad.
Wireless broadband for greater Sydney?
Apster Beta in reigon? First, we all know that these computer systems come out, and has there ever been one that was perfect? I don't think so. That's why you have betas.
Why would someone who is breaking the law pay any attention to the law? It's so difficult to catch 'em. You just wonder what the effect would be. Good people who obey laws probably don't send out a whole lot of APster bets. Bad people who like to rip people up probably won't pay a lot of attention to the law, since they'll do it anyway.

@_date: 2002-09-05 14:38:35
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Death Threats to Journalists 
Vanity Fair writer who penned Seagal/Mafia story reports gun threat
Ned Zeman was returning to his Los Angeles home last week, according to a Vanity Fair editor, when a car drove up behind him, shined a light into his car and pulled up alongside him. A man in the car pointed a handgun at Zeman and said, "Bang," and, "Stop what you are doing," before driving off. Zeman's piece on actor Steven Seagal's allegation that he was extorted by the Mafia appears on newsstands today. David Carr notes that Zeman is the second journalist to report being threatened -- the LAT's Anita Busch reported an incident in June -- while working on an article about Seagal's allegation. (New York Times/reg. req.)
Photographer caught a bullet...dead.

@_date: 2002-09-05 14:46:29
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Due to privacy legislation,Homeland Gestapo will keep names of 
Thats what they do down here with reffugees anyway...
Long article,worth a look...
Got FOI?
"Openness in government is under assault throughout the United States--at every level. Can the news media, reluctant combatants thus far, mount a successful counterattack?

@_date: 2002-09-05 16:18:03
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Minister in charge of information former spy. 
"Giving the task of convincing Polish citizens about European Integration to a person who not so long ago was in the secret service, fighting against institutions of the Free World brings discredit not only to the idea of country's integration but hits Poland's prestige abroad."
--The Law and Justice party (PiS), on the confession by the Polish minister in charge of information that he was formerly a member of the communist spy Who's watching you? A surveillance society
Computer databases already have a lot on us: Credit cards keep track of airline ticket purchases and car rentals. Supermarket discount programs know our eating habits. Libraries track books checked out. Schools record our grades and enrollment....( CNN, 4 Sep 02)
Pay day on live TV for the first of Colombia's informants
The first people in Colombia to win rewards for informing on rebels appeared on live television yesterday, wearing balaclavas and baggy clothes to hide their identities, to receive bundles of cash.....( The Telegraph, 4 Sep 02)
The FBI and Albert Einstein
A 22-year campaign of spying and slander by the FBI against Albert Einstein is traced in this recently published book.....( World Socialist Website, 3 Sep 02)
China Sea spy ship to yield its secrets later this month
Japan says it expects to raise a suspected North Korean spy ship from the bottom of the East China Sea as early as September 11.....( ABC, 3 Sep 02)
MORE ON

@_date: 2002-09-05 16:44:23
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ya Basta from australia. 
NO MORE!! The continuing death of thousands of animals as a result of the live sheep and cattle trade, is an indictment on a barbaric practice that caters to religious traditions that evolved in another millennium. To subject animals to the suffering, that long cramped trips across the ocean causes, is not justifiable on any grounds, let alone religious grounds. To pander to these religious observances, is an indictment on both those who provide the animals for live export, and those who demand that the animals are not slaughtered in Australia. There is not one reason that can justify this cruel export industry. Animals can and are slaughtered in Australia under strict Halal conditions. Slaughterhouses are built that face Mecca and slaughter men can and do kill animals in the prescribed manner in Australia, to suit the religious demands of those people who follow the Muslim faith. To pander to those who demand live animals, is unjust, cruel, barbaric and cannot be justified, irrespective of the profits this trade generates. A halt should be placed on the trade today. The RSPCA should unilaterally remove its support for this disgusting trade. All those corporations who are making money as a result of this trade should be subjected to a consumer boycott today. Everybody involved in the trade, from the farmers, to the transport companies, to the shipping concerns, should be identified. Anybody who is involved in any aspect of this unnecessary trade, should be the focus of a community organised consumer boycott. The sooner shareholders and individual owners of these corporations, realise that their participation in this trade will erode their bottom line, the sooner this cruel business will be stopped. RIGHT ROYAL SKULLDUGGERY Last weekend marked the fifth anniversary in what can be described as the House of Windsor's luckiest break - the death in a car accident in Paris, of Diana Spencer, a woman who had long ago outlived her usefulness to the British Royal family. It's interesting to note that the House of Windsor has not held any Public event to mark the fifth anniversary of the death of the future monarch's mother. Basking in the glory of her Golden Jubilee celebrations, the last thing Queen Elizabeth II, the Queen of Australia would want, is a public rival for the affection of her loyal subjects. Diana Spencer's untimely death, and the public grieving which accompanied her death, shocked the House of Windsor to its foundations. The outpouring of public grief was in a large part an indication of the public's disquiet about how a 19 year old woman had been treated by the British Royal Family, after she had done her duty and delivered the heirs that the British Royal Family desperately needed, to keep the legion of members of the House of Windsor on the public payroll. If Diana Spencer had lived, she could have dimmed the star of Her Right Royal Highness, Queen Elizabeth The Second. No wonder the retinue of media spin doctors that are paid by the public purse who work for the House of Windsor, have worked overtime, to smooth the feathers of a pliant media that has been blinded to the small-mindedness, bigotry and downright jealousy displayed by the British Royal Family by the Jubilee celebrations. The only good thing about the fifth anniversary of Diana Spencer's death is that people have not forgotten the myopic self-serving behaviour of the British Royal Family. A group, that to the last man and woman, has shown, and continues to show a callous disregard for their tawdry role, in the sad life of a woman who long before her sudden unexpected death, had outlived her usefulness to the British Monarchy. ANARCHIST QUESTION AND ANSWER Q. What role would euthanasia play in an anarchist society? A. The right to a gentle and painless death Â­ euthanasia is a right thatÂ¹s inherent within a society that recognises that the individual has the ultimate right over their own life and death. As far as terminal illnesses and illnesses that are accompanied by unremitting pain that cannot be treated, the decision is very simple. Euthanasia becomes a debating point within an anarchist society if community expectations about euthanasia push people in particular situations to consider ending their own lives. Individuals with terminal and chronic illnesses have first and foremost the right to demand support from society. Any discussion about euthanasia must originate from the person concerned, not from society. In a society where euthanasia is a right, itÂ¹s possible that an expectation could arise that if an individual has a terminal or chronic illness they should consider euthanasia so they are not a burden on society. The development of community expectations about who should or shouldnÂ¹t end their own life can and will pressure people into making decisions they may not want to make, so they are not a burden on the community. The other problem that faces a community where euthanasia is an inherent part of that community is do people who donÂ¹t have a terminal or chronic illness have the right to euthanasia. The two age groups within a community that commit suicide are normally the young and the old. Suicide is often linked to a psychiatric disorder. Should people with a psychiatric disorder have the right to choose death over life? There seems to be a double standard among some anarchists about psychical and psychiatric illnesses. Some anarchists think psychiatric illnesses are illnesses that donÂ¹t need to be treated. My experience is that once anarchists are confronted with friends or associates who develop psychiatric illnesses, theyÂ¹re keen to use what treatments are available to help resolve the problem. The problem of psychiatric illness raises important questions about who has and hasnÂ¹t the right to demand euthanasia in an anarchist society. Most people who attempt to commit suicide with psychiatric illnesses and are treated and survive, lead long and productive lives. As up to one in five persons in any community considers suicide as a way out of a difficult emotional situation, should all these people have access to a peaceful and painful death? What at first seemed a very simple proposal, let the individual decide, is in reality a very difficult concept. Euthanasia, like every other human decision, is much more difficult than it at first seems. My own belief is that people who have chronic and debilitating illnesses or terminal illnesses who are not suffering depression or a psychiatric illness and those individuals who have psychiatric illnesses that do not respond to treatment who want to end their own lives, should have access to euthanasia. Euthanasia should be a choice that should be exercised only by those individuals who have the intellectual, emotional and psychological capacity to make that choice. Anything else would be community sanctioned murder. ACTION BOX "CELEBRATING OUR VICTORIES" How may times have you been involved in a successful struggle and been surprised at how your contribution to that struggle has been ignored or downplayed? I think more times than you care to remember. IÂ¹ve been amazed at how many times the very people in authority who have lost a struggle attempt to claim credit for the outcome. WeÂ¹re told that "they never intended to carry out their proposal" or that what we are witnessing "is democracy in action." ItÂ¹s just as important we celebrate our victories than it is to learn from our losses. ItÂ¹s important we claim our victories publicly. Every time we claim and celebrate our victories, we destroy the idea that "you canÂ¹t fight city hall". Every time we achieve our aims we give hope and courage to other people who are involved in local, regional, national and international struggles. Every time we allow the very institutions we fought against to claim victory, we are doing ourselves and everybody who is involved in struggles, a disservice. DonÂ¹t be bashful about blowing your own trumpet, if you donÂ¹t do it, nobody else will. As we all know, success breeds success. Victory in one struggle can give impetus to another struggle. Knowing that the institutions, bureaucracies and corporations that we are challenging can be confronted and defeated, has a positive effect on other people involved in disputes and campaigns against authority. ItÂ¹s important we try to build on the success we have had and continue to have. Recording how a particular victory was achieved can help other groups who are involved or who want to become involved in other struggles. The energy thatÂ¹s generated from celebrating a victory helps to recharge peopleÂ¹s batteries for the next struggle. Always inform the media about your success. The more people who know that you took on "city hall" and won, the greater the reputation of the group youÂ¹re involved in, will grow. More importantly, the destruction of the myth that the government or a major corporation is invincible, places government and corporations under increasing pressure from people and organisations that are struggling or want to become involved in the struggle for both reform and radical social change. AUSTRALIAN RADICAL HISTORY THE EUREKA SERIES NO. 31 "TURNING THE TABLES" The acquittal of the 13 defendants charged with High Treason, turned the tables on Hotham and his scurvy crew. Although Hotham took the blame for the judicial farce, the Attorney-General William Stawell was ultimately responsible for this whole sorry saga. While men and women who were involved in the Eureka stockade are largely forgotten, a Victorian regional town ÂŒStawellÂ¹ still bears the Attorney-GeneralÂ¹s name and AustraliaÂ¹s most prestigious and well know professional footrace "The Stawell Gift", honours the memory of the man who engineered the butchery which occurred at Ballarat on December the 3rd 1854. Stawell not only goaded the diggers into taking up arms and organised the military response, he was also responsible for attempting to pervert "the course of justice" by manipulating the jury system and by encouraging the virtual army of spies he had working for his department, to perjure themselves at the trials of the 13 accused. Hotham paid the ultimate price for his rigidity and his role in the Eureka rebellion. Lord John Russell from the London Colonial Office, scolded Hotham for not following his advice and charging the 13 with High Treason. The London Colonial Office did not believe a local jury would convict the men of the charge. Broken in health, Hotham had been forced by November 1855 to send his resignation to the Colonial Office. Hotham died on the 31st December 1855 as a result of a "chill", some say a "broken heart". The Legislative Council was asked by John Pascoe Fawkner, one of MelbourneÂ¹s founders, to set aside a thousand pounds (a colossal sum in 1856) to build a monument to Sir Charles Hotham. Peter Lalor the Eureka stockade leader, had been elected to the Legislative Council, opposed the motion stating that "Hotham had a sufficient monument in the graves of those slain at Ballarat". The motion was passed and a thousand pounds was set aside to build a monument in HothamÂ¹s memory. Recommended Reading:- MASSACRE AT EUREKA Â­ The Untold Story - Bob OÂ¹Brien 1992 - Sovereign Hill Museums Association Edition Â­ 1998 ISBN 0909874190 (176 pages), EUREKA Â­ John Molony 1984 Â­ Melbourne University Press Edition 2001 ISBN 0522849628. Both these books are available or can be ordered through your local bookshop. They can also be loaned from your local library. BOOK REVIEW "LOOKING BACK AFTER TWENTY YEARS OF JAIL!" Questions and Answers on the Spanish Anarchist Resistance. - Miguel GARCIA, Kate Sharpley Library 2002, 1ST Published by Simion circa 1970. ISBN 187360503X "Dar la vida par la vida (Give a life for life) Miguel Garcia Garcia (1908-1981) The Kate Sharpley Library collective has done the anarchist world a favour by publishing this 16 page "memorial booklet" which examines the life of Miguel GARCIA. One of the best kept secrets in both the anarchist and non anarchist world is the anarchist resistance to FranceÂ¹s dictatorial rule after the failure of the Spanish revolution in 1939. "He was, as he himself ruefully admitted, the embodiment of a lost history of anarchism Â­ part of a resistance movement, even now little know or understood by many". Miguel Garcia was a fighter in Barcelona during the July days of 1936, he fought on the Aragon Front and outside Madrid with the anarchist militias. After the failure of the Spanish revolution, Garcia who had been trained by the British as a forger, helped to smuggle refugees from France back to Spain. He was arrested in Spain by French soldiers in 1949, Miguel was initially sentenced to death but his sentence was commuted to 30 years imprisonment, he was released in 1969 and immigrated to England at the invitation of Stuart Christie. Miguel Garcia spent the rest of his life working tirelessly to help imprisoned militants. Garcia was the International Secretary of the newly reformed Anarchist Black Cross, an anarchist prisoner aide organisation. Kate SharpleyÂ¹s "memorial booklet" on Miguel Garcia includes an interview with Garcia first published by Simion Press in the early 1970Â¹s and a series of previously unpublished letters sent to London newspapers and journals. The interview gives an all too brief insight into how the resistance against the Franco regime was organised and the type of activities they were involved in before FrancoÂ¹s death. The interview "explains the motivation and methods of the resistance". Miguel GarciaÂ¹s story opens the page on the libertarian resistance in FrancoÂ¹s Spain, an era that was dismissed by liberals, the international media and governments as work of "terrorists". "But to the world, the Resistance had become criminals, for Franco made the laws, even if, when dealing with political opponents he chose to break the laws established by the constitution; and the world still regards us as criminals" Â­ Miguel GARCIA Other books available from the Kate Sharpley Library on the libertarian resistance in FrancoÂ¹s Spain include: Miguel GarciaÂ¹s Story Â­ Miguel Garcia Memorial Committee / Genfuegos Press 1982, Antonio Tellez The Anarchist Resistance to Franco 1996, Antonio Tellez Sebate, Guerilla Extraordinary 1998, Kate Sharpey Library, BM Hurricane, LONDON WCIN 3XX, UNITED KINGDOM,  Thanks to Kate Sharpley Library for the Review Copy of "Looking Back After Twenty years in Jail" Â­ Miguel GARCIA. PERSONAL OBSERVATION ItÂ¹s interesting how technological innovations can change how we think, what we do and the very perception of what is considered to be normal behaviour. The single most important personal technological innovation that has had a profound impact in both the industrial world and the non industrialised world in the last decade has been the mobile phone. The minimal infrastructure thatÂ¹s required to set up a mobile network has allowed the East Timorese to overcome the devastation caused by the Indonesian Army and Indonesian backed militias much more quickly than was expected. Mobile phones have changed the way we communicate with each other, both at a personal and business level. ItÂ¹s also become a very important tool in that it helps activists conduct demonstrations, occupations and even revolutions. It allows participants to communicate with each other in real time and vary strategies used to meet real time needs. IÂ¹m not denying that there are problems, privacy, auditory pollution and the risk of developing brain tumors are a few of the problems associated with mobile phone users. Interestingly the mobile phoneÂ¹s greatest contribution to life has little to do with communication and everything to do with perception. The mobile phone has changed the way we view human behaviour. If ten years ago you were walking down the street and began talking to yourself, youÂ¹d have been given a wide berth. Today itÂ¹s normal, on any day at anytime people are spilling their guts anywhere and everywhere. WeÂ¹ve regaled with the most intimate details of peopleÂ¹s lives. Inadvertently we become unwilling spectators in a game that draws complete strangers in our orbit. I remember one day some time ago, some fool was blurbering into thin air with his estranged girlfriend, everybody around him broke into spontaneous applause when she told him to grow up and get a life. He became indigent when he realised that he had made his private life into a tedious and boring public spectacle. ThereÂ¹s nothing worse than being forced to listen to other peopleÂ¹s problems. Driving, it is common to see some idiot jabbering into the ether, laughing and carrying on all by themselves. Less than a decade ago such behaviour would have been rewarded with a visit by smiling folk dressed in white carrying straight jackets, today itÂ¹s seen as normal. Ten years down the track, I will still find it a little disconcerting to see people talking to themselves on the streets, in cars and everywhere I go. STOP PRESS REALLY? Two years after I began writing in the Anarchist Age Weekly Review that the Federal government was intent on destroying bulk billing, the corporate and State run media have begun to respond to the threat. As more and more general practices begin to feel the current harsh commercial reality, many are beginning to abandon bulk billing. Medicare was introduced in 1972 by the Whitlam Labor government to ensure that every Australian, irrespective of income, had access to medical care outside of a public hospital setting. Bulk billing was welcomed by the more community minded elements of the medical profession as well as the general public, especially people with large families, those on social security benefits and working people on limited incomes. For the first time in the history of this country, they had access to affordable medical care. Over the past decade, the Howard government has gone out of its way to undermine the public hospital sector and destroy bulk billing. They have diverted three billion dollars that should have gone to the public hospital system to the private health insurance industry. They have also squeezed general practitioners by not keeping the medicare rebate in line with inflation. As cuts escalate, general practitioners have been forced to selectively bulk bill and in some cases abandon billing completely. Those who suffer are not those who can afford private health insurance or those who can pay the gap between the medicare rebate and the new fees charged by general practitioners. They are the poor, working people, the disadvantaged and people on social security benefits, the very people the medicare system was established to help. Increasing gaps between the medicare rebate and the cost of using general practitioners are driving people to use overcrowded public hospital Accident and Emergency departments as their port of call. The swamping of Accident and Emergency departments by non urgent cases has profound negative implications for a public hospital sector that is already struggling to cope. General practitioners and the people they service have been asked to bear the brunt of the governmentÂ¹s attack on the medicare system and bulk billing. They will not be able to withstand this onslaught unless individuals, organisations and local health authorities and State governments put pressure on the Howard government to adequately fund medicare. Until Australians become involved in campaigns to defend and extend medicare and bulk billing, the horror stories about the health care system that have become an everyday news item will continue to occur with increasing frequency. Joseph TOSCANO/LibertarianWorkers for a Self-Managed

@_date: 2002-09-05 18:11:41
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anarchist root canal 
All over the (info) shop,a hellishly long thread re anarchist federation.
"...Up to now, all anarchist strategies have failed if we are determining their success as achieving an anarchist social revolution that completely wipes out the state and capitalism forever across the globe..."
Target American interests and extort, kidnap and murder American

@_date: 2002-09-06 18:08:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Candidates for a Necklacing. 
The Colorado Activists' Spy Files. Keeping US one step ahead of THEM!
The Colorado Activist's Spy Files. The Mile High Resistance's Answer to the files held by the Denver Police Department. We thought it only fair that if they could keep files on us, we could keep files on THEM.
This page is dedicated to protecting Colorado's activists from infiltrators, spies and provacatuers by publishing their faces on the We also need your help with this project. If you have pictures of undercover cops (federal or local) or of undercover cops cars send them to us at mhr at coloradicals.org
Colorado Citizens Get Access To Their Spy Files
Tuesday was the first day that the Denver Police Department's "spy files" were made available to the victims of unconstitutional police intelligence gathering in that city. The files, whose existence was first made public by the ACLU of Colorado in March, include video and surveillance reports on people attending peaceful, legal protests. The police targeted some 3200 people and 208 organizations, labeling many "criminal extremist," like the American Friends Service Committee, an 85-year-old pacifist Quaker group that has won the Nobel Peace Prize. In one instance, the police recorded all of the license plates at an Amnesty International rally. No one has yet been held responsible for the illegal files.
Some have responded by gathering spy files of their own. Read more and discuss the 'Denver Spy Files.'
[ Rocky Mountain IMC | Complete Chronology of Events | Article from UK Guardian ]

@_date: 2002-09-06 18:22:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Prohibition follies. 
DEA Raids WAMM
Drug Enforcement Administration agents raided the Wo/Men's Alliance for Medical Marijuana in Santa Cruz earlier this morning. WAMM Director Valerie Corral and Mike Corral have been arrested, and the DEA is obliterating the marijuana crop they have grown for use by Californian medical marijuana patients. Photo.
[ Full story here ]
U.S. Plans to Fumigate in Colombia
Las Vegas Sun By GEORGE GEDDA | ASSOCIATED PRESS | WASHINGTON- The State Department is planning changes in the che... Report: Herbicide Causes Eye Las Vegas Sun By GEORGE GEDDA | ASSOCIATED PRESS | WASHINGTON- A government report released Thursday acknowledged ...

@_date: 2002-09-06 19:30:39
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Shrubs threat to the www. 
Worlds Worst Weapons...Kenfucky speech.A freudian slip? I don't think so.
The Internet on probation (PDF)
'One year after the tragic events in New York and Washington, the Internet can be added to the list of "collateral damage" caused by the general spate of security measures. As a result, basic cyber-freedoms have been cut back. The countries usually criticised for not respecting human rights and freedom of expression ... have encouraged its growth as a tool of state propaganda or economic interests, but at the same time moved to control it and clamp down on criticism, argument and hopes for democracy expressed online ... It is also threatened in Western democracies, where many countries have passed laws, taken measures and adopted practices that are putting the Internet under the ferrule of the security services'
( RSF )
See also this press release, this AP coverage, and this blog entry from Tuesday
FBI was trying to send suspect to known torturers.(but not executioners!)
ZACARIAS MOUSSAOUI
Q - What is France's position on Moussaoui who's just admitted his responsibility in the September 11 attacks? Knowing France's position, what action can France take? Is it going to seek extradition if he's sentenced to death?
That's a purely hypothetical question.
Q - Yes but still?
The matter is in the hands of American judicial officials and comes under the Justice Ministry.
Mr. Moussaoui is being tried in the U.S. We have a general position on the death penalty: We oppose it. That holds true for Mr. Moussaoui. The American authorities have been clearly informed of this.
Q - A few days ago, Mr. Moussaoui asked to meet with a French diplomat. Has he made any specific requests? Can you tell us about them? What did he ask Mr. Moussaoui asked to have the benefit of French consular protection. This was granted and, as we've said, the consulate general in Washington has asked to be able to visit Mr. Moussaoui according to the usual rules for consular protection, as for everyone. I understand that depending on the practical arrangements, the visit could take place this afternoon.
Q - What advantages do people have under consular protection?
These are stipulated in the 1963 Vienna Convention. Article 34: contacts, checking on the conditions of detention and trial.
Proffr denies bomb threat to airport.
The international terminal at Sydney Airport has been evacuated after a bomb threat was received late this afternoon. All roads around the terminal have been closed and up to 400 people have been moved to an outside carpark while the building is searched.
Peoples intelligence agencies ramp up online,no place to run,no place to One People's Project
Tracks the identities and activities of neo-nazis, fascists, and racists.

@_date: 2002-09-06 19:48:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Star Chamber for Victorian Inquisition. 
A NEW elite crime-fighting body will lead the fight against serious and organised crime in a major overhaul of law enforcement being considered by the State Government.
A Victorian Crime Commission could be handed coercive powers.
This would remove the ability of a person it questions not to answer on the grounds of self-incrimination or legal professional privilege.
MORE ON
Usually its the 'conservatives' that love laura Norder,now in a race to the bottom on crime to rival that of the race to prostitute the State for Corporate criminals,the Labor party Tweedledum now outbids the Right on crime and even has them calling some of their Nazi like proposals what the are,a direct threat to long standing human and civil rights.At the same time more police powers are being proposed half the drug squad is under investigation for serious and longstandingcorruption.A 2 billion dollar drug case was just aborted due to this inquiry.
It is not a great enviroment to go on trial for death threats but there is no evidence,so...
I hope to lap up freedom before the year is out.

@_date: 2002-09-06 23:21:32
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Intelligence failure.President evil. 
Global gasbags.
"But once the world shifted and we began to be threatened more by very small cells, tightly organized groups of people, tiny handfuls of people that had to be penetrated, technology can't do that job. It takes human Yeah right,send some tight assed honeypots down here,Ill spill everything.
pResident evil?
Photo's,Louisville Ky.

@_date: 2002-09-06 23:35:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: It's a federal offence...even if you don't mean it, to... 
...threaten to,"KILL the PRESIDENT!
Let this pic download..."Give the Pretzel another chance!"
"The following sequence of photos depicts a police horse charge against the protesters and a successful repulsion of this charge -- militant resistance the likes of which I have never seen in the streets of Louisville before."
Light a fire under the bushs. Save Camilo
Camilo was one of these hundreds arrested and treated brutally over the days of the Republican National Convention in Philadephia, but he had the misfortune of being charged with assaulting the top Philly cop: Police Commissioner Timony. Those who know Camilo believe that it is unlikely that he committed any such assault.
MORE ON

@_date: 2002-09-06 23:50:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Prime Rib. 
Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer announced Aug. 29 that a free trade agreement (FTA) with the United States has become a "key third-term priority" for his government. Support for a deal is growing on both sides of the Pacific, as it would greatly enhance economic and political cooperation between the two allies.
However, despite the fact that U.S. President George W. Bush recently received congressional approval for trade promotion authority -- giving him the power to negotiate trade deals that Congress cannot amend -- negotiations with Canberra will not proceed as quickly as they recently have with Singapore or Morocco. There are several obstacles in place that will prevent any deal from being finalized before 2005 or implemented before 2008.
An FTA between Canberra and Washington would invigorate an already robust and friendly relationship. Australia was one of the first states to commit forces to the U.S. war on terrorism, as well as to the campaign in Afghanistan. Australia also has accepted the role of  and of the southern anchor in Washington's Asia-Pacific defense strategy. In addition, Canberra enjoys nearly unfettered access to U.S. military technology and intelligence.
A recent statement by the head of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration directly links illicit drug trafficking in the United States to Middle Eastern militant groups. The U.S. administration could use the issue to put more diplomatic pressure on Middle Eastern governments such as Syria and Iran.
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration chief Asa Hutchinson told CNN Sept. 2 that money from illicit drug sales in the United States is being used to fund Middle Eastern militant organizations, including Lebanon-based Hezbollah. More than 130 people, many of them of Middle Eastern origin, reportedly were arrested earlier this year when authorities busted a methamphetamine ring in the Midwest.
According to the CNN report, the DEA found that the alleged drug dealers had laundered millions of dollars in the United States and had wired the money to bank accounts connected to terrorist groups in Lebanon and Yemen. There are several possible motives behind Hutchinson's linking of Middle Eastern militants to drug trafficking, but in any case it could reshape both U.S. domestic and foreign policy.
Hutchinson's comments may be part of an attempt by the DEA to reinvigorate the U.S. war on drugs -- as well as get more funds for anti-drug efforts in Colombia -- by tying terrorism to narcotics trafficking. Congress will come back into session soon and will begin deciding budget allotments. Since Sept. 11, many agencies, including the U.S. Coast Guard, have focused less on drug interdiction efforts in places like the Gulf of Mexico and more on homeland defense issues like port security. The DEA would like to see this attention shift back more toward drugs.
Chaos and Neglect Dominate U.S. Agenda in Latin America
Latin America still has not assumed high priority on the Bush administration's radar, despite previous pledges the president has made. Disorganization and confusion within the White House's Latin America team have left leaders in the region wondering who is in charge
...or what.

@_date: 2002-09-07 20:22:52
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Wolfram on randomness and RNGs,  
I KNOW WHAT YOU'LL DO NEXT SUMMER
What do galaxies, stockbrokers and style gurus have in common? A set of numbers that describes everything they do. Does nature's hidden program mean we're all deeply predictable, asks John Casti
Cover story dead tree New Scientist magazine.31 August 02.
Wolframs patterns,fractals,elliot waves,fibonacci waves,all working against 'free will'.
And the sheeple looked up...
A proposal was floated in 2000/1 of pulling random bursts off various broadcasts just prior to sending message,system would rely on satellites and be quite expensive,its since been superceded as an expensive technical proposition by
NATURE REPORTS ON QKD AND id QUANTIQUE
"Quantum cryptography: Can you keep a secret?" In its issue of July 18, Nature reports on the first steps towards commercializing Quantum Key Distribution systems.Bitch slap me if you look like Jessica Stern.

@_date: 2002-09-07 21:10:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: War Games Gulf style. 
Wake-up call
Article based on an interview with retired Lt Gen Paul Van Riper, the 'wily 64-year-old Vietnam veteran' who 'sank most of the US expeditionary fleet in the Persian Gulf' during a recent war game organised by the Pentagon - ' "You're going to have to use cellphones and satellite phones now, they told me. I said no, no, no - we're going to use motorcycle messengers and make announcements from the mosques," he says. "But they refused to accept that we'd do anything they wouldn't do in the west." ' ( Guardian )
See also this Army Times article from last month, and this transcript of a US Defense Dept briefing from last month.LINKS
The Troubling New Face of America
'We have ignored or condoned abuses in nations that support our anti-terrorism effort, while detaining American citizens as "enemy combatants," incarcerating them secretly and indefinitely without their being charged with any crime or having the right to legal counsel. This policy has been condemned by the federal courts, but the Justice Department seems adamant, and the issue is still in doubt. Several hundred captured Taliban soldiers remain imprisoned at Guantanamo Bay under the same circumstances, with the defense secretary declaring that they would not be released even if they were someday tried and found to be innocent. These actions are similar to those of abusive regimes that historically have been condemned by American presidents'
( Jimmy Carter via Washington Post )
'Donahue' for Sept 5
Transcript of yesterday's edition of Donahue, a US public affairs programme, during which investigative reporter Greg Palast was interviewed about the electoral assistance George W Bush is giving his brother Jeb in Florida ( MSNBC )
The Florida state pension fund is heavily invested in Enron, apparently
(for the record I can't stand Donahue/Carter but we are in a 'kingdom of

@_date: 2002-09-07 21:23:36
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Worry about Kinko Rats. 
"...I'm less worried about bin Laden's gang attempting to bring down the Internet than I am about these rats finalizing their next plot via instant messages sent from rented computers at Kinko's...."
"...Considering how panicky this nation can become during times of crisis--remember the Palmer Raids of the early 1920s and the internment of Japanese-Americans during the Second World War?--this isn't an idle concern..."
Anniversary of Palmer raids yesterday,see Daily Bleed.
"Extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures"
Up to now, all strategies have failed if we are determining their success as achieving an anarchist social revolution that completely wipes out the state and capitalism forever across the globe.APster; who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 2002-09-07 22:13:01
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Plea Bargain Blackmail rejected in Hartford. 
They're not in quite as much danger as Camilo but still in need of support

@_date: 2002-09-07 22:34:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: What Kind of man has a pussy? 
Who let the cats out?
and what's with the Merc? Wasn't it in the 60's you had a small German car,the 70's you had a small German gun and the eighties, a small German boy?
Hang on to something long enough I guess...
Has Mongo been hanging on to his sausage too long?
Searching for the perfect man, Kathy Lette takes a butcher's at what's on Throw another shrimp on the barbie for me mate.

@_date: 2002-09-08 01:41:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Local Support for Jim Bell quoting Anarchists free speech 
MELBOURNE URGENT SUPPORT free speech trial MATT TAYLOR 11 SEPT. Who's by Joanna 10:53pm Sat Sep 7 '02 (Modified on 11:41pm Sat Sep 7 '02) address:  bpossum at hotmail.com
URGENT ACTION NEEDED IN MELBOURNE to support person facing potential extreme miscarriage of justice, and to uphold freedom of speech. "On sept 11 the police are charging a mentally disabled man with threats to kill them. One was a comment to a post made here on May 8 and another on june 1 of 01." Matt Taylor could be jailed for 20 years.
MORE ON
 Melbourne au
actually I just found out its 5 years max from my lawyer.

@_date: 2002-09-08 02:51:56
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Indyjournos a go go. 
Four filmmakers - one from IMC South Africa, 2 from IMC Italy and one from IMC New York, narrowly escaped arrest in Cape Town, South Africa this morning.
The 4 were filming a strike by privatised water workers at the request of the workers. Workers were fearing the heavy police presence and harassment during their strike.
The 4 IMC people were arrested and then de-arrested. An autonomist lawyer was negotiating with cops on the phone when the 4 saw they were about to be arrested again. They got into their cars.
The cops shouted to the security to keep the gates of the water plant locked.
The four intrepid filmmakers were then forced to bust through the gates in their cars, having to bash them five times. One got everything on film! Expect a preview soon. Unfortunately after this the workers were all arrested. It seems they have been taken to a far away cop station to prevent their friends, the Mandela Park Anti-Eviction Campaign, from marching on the police station. However, as they are SA Municipal Workers Union members the union should be able to get lawyers to get them out today.
WHAT YOU CAN DO TO HELP: Especially in France - please hold protests at Suez Lyonnaise offices. This is the worlds worst water multinational. They did terrible things like raise prices 300% in Buenos Aires and cut off to the poor. We need to expose them internationally. It is not for nothing that the Cape Town workers are striking partly over poor wages but also to have the plant nationalised.
Please publish to the South Africa Indymedia site details of your protest - we will pass the info on to workers. To contact the workers in custody call Max on +27 73 1546555
Independent Journalism,its not a job,its an ADVENTURE.

@_date: 2002-09-08 03:03:22
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Corruption Cali style,encrypted donations needed. 
LA Film Permit System Investigated for Possible Fraud
Almost everyone in the porn industry can relate to this in some degree. Those pesky permits. You know the ones- LA's ritual form of blackmail that keeps the cops off your back. And God forbid if you don't have one. Well you might just get a visit from the constabulary during a shoot and have your tapes impounded. Then you have to go to court. Yadda yadda yadda. And it's a real pain in the ass. Well guess what? All that money you've been paying has gone to support the lavish lifestyle of LA's bureaucrats. The LA Times broke the following story Saturday. Move over Enron and WorldCom. Move over John Rigas.
L.A. Film Permit Agency Is Target of Investigation: Lavish spending and political donations by officials of the quasi-public body lead to raids.
The Times reports an investigation of the Entertainment Industry Development and its alleged misuse of public funds by lavishing exorbitant tips at restaurants, sending its executives on Caribbean jaunts and donating money to politicians who sit on its board. The Entertainment Industry Development Corp., whose board includes the entire Los Angeles City Council and county Board of Supervisors, gets its $3-million budget from permit fees that would otherwise go to public coffers.
An investigation by the district attorney's office, with the assistance of county auditors, led to a Wednesday night search of the agency's offices and the home of its president, Cody Cluff. Financial documents and computer disks were seized.
Prosecutors said Cluff, 43, charged $500,000 worth of personal expenses, steered funds to his children's school, and perjured himself on state documents he signed denying that any of EIDC's directors profited from the Cluff's attorney, Tom Brown, said his client and the EIDC have cooperated with investigators. Cluff has done nothing wrong, he said.
"EIDC entertains and markets the film industry," Brown said. "We believe that when we've had an opportunity to explain its business and what we've done, both EIDC and Cody Cluff will be fully vindicated."
Records show that the agency contributed nearly $200,000 to politicians, including more than a dozen who sat on its board.
No charges have been filed. County auditors said the search warrant was sought after the agency refused to turn over financial records this summer. "They've been fighting giving us information," said Pat McMahon, the county's assistant auditor-controller.
Auditors found that Cluff, a former deputy mayor under Riordan, received more than $50,000 in direct payments from EIDC to his personal American Express card. Prosecutors found more than $40,000 in charges for Laker basketball games and other sporting and concert events, and $20,000 in cashier's checks from the EIDC to Cluff.
Cluff charged the EIDC for his membership in the Grand Havana Room, a Beverly Hills cigar club that lists a $3,000 initiation fee and a $200 monthly charge. Auditors also noted "numerous payments for meals and bar [alcohol] tabs at exclusive restaurants and clubs, often incurred late at night or early in the morning," where Cluff sometimes signed for tips equal to 100% of the bill.
Court papers also state that Cluff, who had once worked as an auditor, used $40,000 in EIDC money to pay for trips to Georgia, as well as Utah and France--where two of the world's biggest film festivals, Sundance and Cannes, are held.
Prosecutors said Cluff and another EIDC executive traveled to the Caribbean at agency expense. Court papers said the EIDC gave money to the school that Cluff's children attend, and list a $5,000 contribution to Covina High School. The office also paid $341,000 to an Internet company run by one of its 45 board members.
State records show that the EIDC has contributed $194,000 to political committees since 1998. The recipients include more than a dozen politicians who at the time were sitting on the group's board. Jackie Goldberg, who represented Hollywood on the Los Angeles City Council and now represents the region in the state Assembly, received at least $15,500, the largest The EIDC also contributed $10,000 to the anti-secession campaign run by Mayor James K. Hahn, an EIDC board member. On Friday, secessionists called for an investigation by the city ethics commission into a possible conflict of interest by Hahn.
"It's absolutely appalling," said Gene La Pietra, head of the Hollywood secession effort. Kam Kuwata, Hahn's consultant on the anti-secession campaign, said Friday the mayor solicited the contribution but that there is no conflict.

@_date: 2002-09-08 03:09:46
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Sites under Threat. 
Ten Porn Websites Were Threatened in Granholm Letter
Michigan's attorney general Jennifer Granholm threatened at least ten porn websites with legal action in last week's guilt by association letter that was sent to iBill, a website billing company. Frankiesangels.com was one of them. The other nine are identified in that letter. Frank Bongiorno says iBill has now assured him that they would support him in any legal action against Granholm. Bongiorno says attorney Jeffrey Douglas has referred him to a free speech attorney in Michigan. "I've gotten a proposal on what the costs might be and we're going to try and generate some funds for this legal endeavor," says Bongiorno. "We're going to go after her for defamation of character and do it in a way that creates as much publicity as possible. We want to get this on CNN and MSNBC; we want to get this story any place we can possibly get it. We're going to keep plugging away until she gives us a public apology, recants what she said and pays us for our losses."
According to Bongiorno, the webmasters of the other nine sites being targeted are reluctant to go public. "I don't know why," he says. "That doesn't make any sense to me. Adult webmasters aren't known to be the best businessmen in the world."
The ten companies are listed in the threatening letter sent from Granholm to iBill. Granholm specifically states that the companies are "engaged in the promotion and distribution of child pornography" - a libelous accusation if there were ever legal grounds to sue. Granholm accuses iBill, vis a vis, of aiding and abetting the distribution of child pornography and that their conduct will result in prosecution. iBill is ordered to cease and desist in its activities.
Bongiorno said on advice of Jeffrey Douglas he'd be breaking the other adult companies' rights to privacy by divulging their names from the letter. The companies include gay sites, fetish sites and straight. "Mine stands out like a sore thumb," Bongiorno says. "The other ones are pretty hardcore urls. Frankiesangels seems out of place on the list."
In au the daily planet,a legal brothel has been ordered to pull alleged 'ads' off the web as they can be printed out in Victoria.The Judge joins a list of aussi Canutes that includes state attorneys of NSW and SA.Also the Federal Minister has had some flak for being a bull in an internet china shop.('cept the damge is being routed around)

@_date: 2002-09-08 04:23:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: APB on killer of Timothy Thomas. 
RACIST WANTED FOR THE MURDER OF TIMOTHY THOMAS IN CINCINNATI
by October 22 Coalition Sat Sep 7 01:14:14 PDT 2002
Photo of suspect,all suspects are innocent until proven APtargets.
APB: Does David Boren need killing? I ask you,who do you want to kill today?

@_date: 2002-09-08 04:28:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Warchalking? 
Chalking It Up To Experience
Graphic artist Sean McDonough, a 34-year-old Canadian citizen, doesn't seem like a security threat. He's polite, soft-spoken, clean-shaven, and owns a one-bedroom condo in an exclusive downtown Toronto neighborhood.
But on Wednesday night, when McDonough arrived by Greyhound bus at the Buffalo, N.Y., Peace Bridge border checkpoint Â– on his way to participate in Sunday's Kennedy Center Open House Arts Festival Â– he was denied entry and sent packing back to Toronto.
"Everybody got off the bus and went into the waiting area. I was pretty well held over while everybody else was allowed to go ahead," McDonough told us yesterday, a couple of hours before making his second attempt to cross the border in order to take part in Edwin Fontanez's Washington Chalk Festival, a Kennedy Center tradition. "I answered a lot of questions. I showed them my sketchbook. When I said I was going down for a chalk drawing festival, the lady got very suspicious. She said, 'Are you going to sell any of your art?' And I said no. She said, 'How do I know that?' And I said, 'I guess you'll have to take my word for it.' And so they rejected me."
We tried to obtain an explanation from the appropriate federal officials. McDonough said he noticed the blue uniforms and sidearms of U.S. Customs officers, but a Customs Service spokesman sent us to the Immigration and Naturalization Service. The INS told us Customs was responsible. "He's an artist: If he says they were wearing blue uniforms, that's good enough for me," an INS public affairs officer said. But then Customs insisted that INS did the deed. "This is not the first time that Customs has bounced something back to us," the INS flack responded. But later we were told, confidentially, that the INS had filed an incident report describing its role.
Department of Homeland Security, anyone?

@_date: 2002-09-08 04:29:20
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Anne thrax needs an asslift. 
Is Human Uzi Ann Coulter 38 or 40 years old? And when she insists that she's the former, is she telling a fib?
The right-wing media scourge Â– who has been getting plenty of ink for her best-selling book, "Slander: Liberal Lies About the American Right" Â– frequently scorches hapless reporters who dare write that she's no longer in her thirties. Newsday's Aileen Jacobson Â– who was planning to rely on numerous published accounts, including People magazine's, that Coulter is 40 Â– let her subject argue her into using the younger age in a recent profile. "Media accounts that she's 40 are wrong, she maintains," Jacobson wrote. But yesterday Jacobson told us: "I do believe that she is 40."
London Telegraph writer Toby Harnden, meanwhile, wrote in his July 19 piece: "An air of mystery surrounds Coulter's age. She says she is 38 but her publicist puts her at 40. After the interview, she sends me an e-mail: 'I think you should go with one of the incorrect younger ages.' "
Ann Coulter: 38 and holding firm? (Dayna Smith - The Washington Post/File Our own investigation revealed that:
* Coulter's Connecticut driver's license lists her birth as December 1961.
* Her D.C. driver's license, acquired many years later, says she was born in December 1963.
* The birth date on file at the New Canaan, Conn., voter registration office is Dec. 8, 1961.
In an effort to clear up all this confusion, a member of The Post's crack research team phoned the New Canaan registrar of voters, who chuckled, checked his records and reported that Coulter registered to vote in 1980, when presumably she was the legal minimum voting age of 18. That would make her 40 today.
But when we reached Coulter, she predictably stuck to her guns. "It's like the difference in being thrown off the 13th floor or the roof," she e-mailed us. "So the upside is, I'm two years younger than at least some newspapers have said I am, but the downside is, I'm still 38. Yikes!"
My only regret with Osama bin Laden is that he did not manage to kill every member of the Wall Street Journal editorial staff."
"In this recurring nightmare of a presidency, we have a national debate about [George W. Bush's stolen presidency].... Otherwise there would be debates only about whether to impeach or assassinate.
MORE ABOUT...
Eric Alterman
Media Analysis
"We need to execute people like Ann Coulter in order to physically intimidate conservatives, by making them realize that they can be killed too. Otherwise they will turn out to be outright traitors."
First things first: Mr. Ashcroft, if you're there, I do not mean any of the statements above to be taken literally. I do not mean them at all. None of them. OK? What I do mean is to point out the incredible hypocrisy of those on the right, the center and the "liberal media" who defend the lunatic ravings of Ann Coulter, whether because she is "kidding" or because "the left does the same thing." (For those who have been lucky enough to have missed the Coultergeist of the past few months, the author of the summer's number-one bestselling nonfiction book in America has--in language identical to that above--expressed her regret that Timothy McVeigh did not blow up the New York Times building, mused aloud whether Bill Clinton should have been impeached or murdered, and called for the execution of John Walker Lindh in order to intimidate liberals.)
It's degrading to have to write about Coulter again. As a pundit, she is about on a par with Charles Manson, better suited to a lifelong stay in the Connecticut Home for the Criminally Insane than for the host's seat on Crossfire. Her books are filled with lies, slander and phony footnotes that are themselves lies and slanders. Her very existence as a public figure is an insult to our collective intelligence. I should really be writing about the campaign by neocon chickenhawks to intimidate Howell Raines and the New York Times on Iraq. But fortunately, John Judis and Nick Confessore have taken responsibility for that, leaving me to the less ominous but more baffling phenomenon of the bestselling Barbie-doll terrorist-apologist, who continues to be celebrated by the very media she terms "retarded" and guilty of "mass murder" while calling for their mass extinction by the likes of her ideological comrade Timothy McVeigh.
Make no mistake. Coulter may routinely call for the murder of liberals, of Arabs, of journalists, of the President, among many others. She may compare adorable Katie Couric to Eva Braun and Joseph Goebbels and joke about blowing up the Times building. But instead of ignoring, laughing at or, perhaps most usefully, sedating her, we find Coulter's blond locks and bony ass celebrated by talk-show bookers and gossip columnists--even a genuine book reviewer--from coast to proverbial coast.
Do I exaggerate? While promoting her hysterical screed against "liberals"--a category so large she occasionally includes, I kid you not, Andrew Sullivan--this malevolent Twiggy with Tourette's was booked on Today, Crossfire (as guest and guest host), Hardball, The Big Story With John Gibson and countless other cable and radio programs. She was lovingly profiled in Newsday, the New York Observer and the New York Times Sunday Style section. She was the Boston Globe's honored guest at the White House correspondents dinner. Her incitements to murder and terrorism have been cheered and defended in the Wall Street Journal and National Review Online. (The latter did so, moreover, despite her having termed its editors "girly boys" and behaving, in the words of the website's editor, Jonah Goldberg, "with a total lack of professionalism, friendship, and loyalty.") And her publisher, Crown, says it has no plans to correct her lies in future editions. Why should they care? Is anyone holding them accountable?
The slanderous nonsense she puts between hard covers, moreover, is selling not only to the caveman crowd, it's also receiving praise in such respectable outlets as the liberal LA Times Book Review and being quoted as constitutional gospel by alleged intellectual George Will on ABC's This Week. This despite the fact that Coulter's accusations have been as effectively discredited as Hitler's diaries. (The last time I checked, the folks at Tapped, the American Prospect's weblog, had compiled so many of these falsities it took them nearly 3,000 words to enumerate them. Coulter has also been ripped to shreds by dailyhowler.com, spinsanity.com, mediawhoresonline.com, Scoobie Davis Online and by Joe Conason in Salon. The most comprehensive compilation can supposedly be found at slannder.homestead.com. I cannot bring myself to actually wade into it.)
So what's the deal? Is looking like an anorexic Farrah Fawcett and wearing skirts so short they lack the dignity and reserve of Monica Lewinsky's thong enough to insure the embrace of the national entertainment state no matter what you say, just so long as your murderous bile is directed at "liberals"? Would it have worked for Saddam if he wore a size 6? I really don't know. NaÃ¯ve optimist that I am, when I first picked up Coulter's book in galleys in the late spring, I felt pretty certain we were done with her. I mean, how even to engage someone who terms Christie Todd Whitman a "birdbrain" (page 51) and a "dimwit" (page 53); Jim Jeffords a "half-wit" (page 50); and Gloria Steinem a "deeply ridiculous figure" (page 37) who "had to sleep" with a rich liberal to fund Ms. magazine (page 38)--all of which makes her "a termagant" (page 39)? Coulter's done far worse since, of course, and yet, like one of those Mothralike creatures that feed on bullets and squashed Japanese villagers, the monster continues to grow, debasing everyone and everything in its wake. Coulter jokes about McVeigh blowing up the Times, and the Wall Street Journal--which was blown up by terrorists on September 11--rushes to her defense. Their man, Daniel Pearl, was murdered by terrorists in Pakistan. Have they no shame? At long last, have they no sense of decency left?

@_date: 2002-09-08 23:31:11
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Get that old criminal record expunged,NOW! 
Two in five face job vetting in drive to detect offenders
'The new Criminal Records Bureau predicts that within three years it will be making more than 11 million checks on past offenders, out of a working-age population of 29 million [in the UK]. The police previously made about one million criminal record checks a year ... The government drive means that a Criminal Record Certificate could soon become as essential for a job interview as a curriculum vitae and a suit ... Of the 11,627,595 checks predicted to be made each year from 2005, only 3.2 million will be on those who work with children. The other eight million or so certificates will be requested by people seeking to apply for work in a wide variety of other roles and professions. To reach these targets - which the bureau must hit if it is to become a self-funding body - employers will have to be encouraged to demand the Â£12 certificates from applicants' ( Independent )
The CRB has received a great deal of coverage in the UK media over the last two weeks, after it failed to clear a huge backlog of checks on school staff in time for the start of term. As the CRB is nominally a Home Office agency, the public has been given the impression that this was a civil service cock-up. In fact, the work of the CRB is performed by Capita, a private firm with a long record of botching government contracts
See also this Telegraph article, and this Guardian article
LINKS?  Funny attempt to smear your friendly professor...Professor rat,to many people he is a businessman, funnyman, philanthropist, entrepreneur and patron of the arts,but to one anonymous coward...
The devil went down to Kyneton.

@_date: 2002-09-08 23:45:44
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Victims out killers online. 
A VICTIM'S lobby group plans to use the Internet to out two Victorian teenage killers.
People Against Lenient Sentencing president Steve Medcraft said he planned to pass on the names of the two teenage boys convicted of killing Seaford grandmother Marie Greening Zidan for publication on a US-based site.
The group also plans to publish their addresses when released from jail.
A civil liberties organisation has accused the group of taking the law into their own hands.
The action came as Mrs Greening Zidan's daughter, Janine Bramley, gathered signatures on a petition calling for a change to the Children and Young Person's Act to enable children who murder, rape or viciously assault to be publicly named.
Mrs Greening Zidan, 73, was killed in her home on October 15, 2000.
Two local boys, then aged 15 and 16, pleaded guilty to manslaughter. They were sentenced to nine years' jail, with a minimum of six.
Mrs Bramley said the Act was meant to protect children who scrawled graffiti or stole a car -- not those who raped or murdered.
The petition also calls for sentencing for juveniles "more in line with community expectations".
Mr Medcraft said he had legal advice suggesting that if the names of the boys were forwarded to the website's operators and then placed on the site, his organisation could escape prosecution.
"The system will not guarantee these guys won't re-offend so if the system can't guarantee it we will at least give people an equal chance," Mr Medcraft said.
He will seek further legal advice and hopes to have the names listed within six months.
"If it means that I'm going to be put up in court on this issue I'm prepared to wear the flak so that the community can have access to what is their right to protection and free speech."
Victorian Council for Civil Liberties vice-president Greg Connellan said placing the names on the website would be irresponsible.
"They are acting unlawfully and it's incredibly arrogant for them to assume that they have the right to act unlawfully with impunity and other people don't," he said.
Mr Connellan com mended Mrs Bramley for trying to get her point across through a petition.
Mrs Bramley and Mr Medcraft met with Opposition corrections spokesman Kim Wells on Friday to raise concerns about justice, including offenders being imprisoned in juvenile detention centres after the age of 18, and lack of compensation for victims of crime.
Mr Wells said he planned to table Mrs Bramley's petition in Parliament and will also present a letter Mrs Bramley has written to Parliament.
In Victoria, the name of an offender cannot be published if under 17 when the crime was committed and under 18 when reaching court.
A spokesman for Attorney-General Rob Hulls said: "In Victoria, the president of the Children's Court can give permission for the publication of a child's name, but the general principle is that they should not be published because the sentencing emphasis for children is on rehabilitation and giving them a chance to reintegrate and reach their full capacity in adult life."

@_date: 2002-09-09 00:20:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Ace of spades. 
How fate, and Stalin, finally dealt the 'ace of spies' a losing hand
The order to kill Sidney Reilly - the "ace of spies" whose exploits supposedly provided inspiration for James Bond - came directly from Stalin, according to the author of a new biography of the MI6 agent.....( Guardian Unlimited, 6 Sep 02)
"To the best of my knowledge Reilly never killed anyone in the course of his spying. The only killings he carried out were with a view to lining his own pocket. He was a good spy but also a criminal who perfected confidence stings. He was a scoundrel who spoke seven languages and exactly the type of person SIS needed."
--Andrew Cook, author of the new book, On His Majesty's Secret Service - Sidney Reilly ST1
Subject of teleseries a decade or so ago starring Sam Neil.
Zambia's ex-spy boss arrested - again
Zambia's former intelligence boss Xavier Chungu has been arrested for the fourth time in three months, and charged with stealing a motor bike, police said on Friday....(SAPA/AFP, 6 Sep 02)
One of au's ASIS chief's was assaulted twice during his term of office.SEE Oyster,by brian Toohey.

@_date: 2002-09-09 00:31:02
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hershey Highway. 
Later this month, the General Services Administration will announce the first government agencies to be cross-certified with the federal public-key infrastructure bridge, making it easier for agency users to exchange data The federal PKI bridge is designed as a way to link agencies' certificate authorities (CAs), which are the central component of a PKI. A CA is the server used to generate and manage digital certificates to identify users and secure their transactions.
By cross-certifying CAs certificate policies through the bridge, which acts as a trusted third party, an agency that needs to accept a certificate from another federal agency, and ultimately other non-federal entities, to conduct an electronic transaction will know that the certificate can be On Sept. 18, GSA plans to hold a cross-signing ceremony that will show certificates from the Defense Department, the Agriculture Department's National Finance Center, NASA and the Treasury Department can interoperate, said David Temoshok, acting director for identity policy at GSA's office of governmentwide policy.
Those agencies' PKI domains "will be able to cross-certify through the bridge" and will be recognized by each other, Temoshok said while attending the Interagency Resources Management Conference in Hershey, Pa., this week. He added that in 2003, GSA hopes to add Illinois and Canada to that list.
Tech keeps track of parolees
Florida county using VeriTracks system, which can plots a person's location relative to crimes committed
Run pugsly RUN!

@_date: 2002-09-09 00:52:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Hang Cheney 
He was in charge and could have saved the pentagon...
Time of 1st strike 8.46,time of pentagon strike 9.38.Time to scramble jet and shoot down plane/missile...aprox 5-10 minutes.
Background on the groundhog
Everyone is witness. Everyone is a journalist.

@_date: 2002-09-09 01:09:30
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Still Dreaming,still Schnewsing. 
WAKE UP! IT'S YER ALWAYS AFTER SUMMIT...
SchNEWS APOCALYPSE SOON? "It should now be crystal clear that the South African government is hell-bent on smashing legitimate dissent by whatever means they deem appropriate, including attacking peaceful marchers and terrorising children. The ghosts of the South African past are returning with a vengeance." Johannesburg demonstrator, outside the Earth Summit, this week. Tanks in townships, tooled up riot cops firing teargas and stun grenades into crowds of people, mass arrests, threats of deportation, laws against group assembly, the secret police spying on people...South Africa ten years ago?? Try South Africa this week
MORE ON.

@_date: 2002-09-09 02:16:24
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Call to repeal the PATRIOT act. 
Washington has become the first State Labor Council in the U.S. to call on the AFL-CIO to seek repeal of the USA Patriot Act and oppose the Bush Administration, reports Fred Hyde.
The floor of the convention at the Washington State Labor Council (WSLC) in Spokane, Washington was hushed when Gil Veyna took the mike to support "A Resolution Against the War, Attacks on Civil Liberties and Cuts in Public Services. "As a Chicano and a unionist," Veyna said resoundingly "I resent Bush's war on terrorism which is a war on working people and immigrants."
Veyna, a 22-year Veterans Administration hospital employee, was at the August 19-22, 2002 convention as a delegate for the American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE) Local 3197. His union is one of several which has raised objections to the governments plan to remove civil service protections and collective bargaining rights from the 170,000 federal workers in the newly formed Department of Homeland Security.
In his comments, Veyna criticized the national leadership of the AFL-CIO for its unstinting support of the military actions in Afghanistan. He noted that now the administration has turned its guns on dockworkers, referring to the threat to call out troops in the name of "national security" in the eventuality of a strike by the International Longshore Workers Union.
Veyna was no less critical of what he termed "federally sanctioned
racial profiling following 9/11" which put immigrants under the spotlight and led to many unfairly losing their jobs.
When Veyna sat down, not a single delegate of the 500 unionists representing locals throughout the state rose to speak against the resolution, and it passed overwhelmingly. Thus Washington became the first State Labor Council in the country to call on the AFL-CIO to seek repeal of the USA Patriot Act and oppose the U.S. government's war without end.
MORE ON

@_date: 2002-09-09 03:38:49
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Raise the Fist at melbourne Indymedia. 
Anarchists,Indymedia under attack.
by Russell Walsh 2:44am Mon Sep 9 '02 article
The Mayday of 2001 led State police violence and repression as detailed in Article,an alleged threat to police posted here eight days later has led to a court case here in Melb.
Another alleged 'threat' coincided closely with the most violent and unprecedented attack on an Indymedia station.People being hospitalized and as at S11,2000 having their teeth smashed out.50 police are under investigation in Italy and some have admitted planting 'weapons' and faking 'assaults' on them.
This is from raisethefist.
Long Beach Anarchist Movement Under Heavy Fire
by xxxxx Thu May 23 20:09:02 PDT 2002
May Day 2001, the now infamous riot in the streets of Long Beach, was just the beginning of a well organized conspiracy to destroy the growing anarchist movement in Southern California.
The City of Long Beach, and it's police department, is now at the forefront of a well-organized quasilegal conspiracy, in the cahoots with Los Angeles, La Habra, Fullerton, and the orange County and Los Angeles sheriffs departments. Rest assured that the Feds are also heavily involved.
Their goal is to jail a few of the most outspoken anarchists in order to intimidate the rest of the movement. We have seen this scheme played out already in Eugene with devastating results.
Regardless of the harassment by the Long Beach Police Department, the activists continued to do work to better the community.
Groups and programs such as 'Food Not Bombs' (an anti-military network that serves food as a protest to war and arms), 'COPWATCH' (an organization who monitors unlawful police activity), 'POWER' (an anti-authoritarian, anti-war/anti-racist group) have been created to empower the local community.
On April 20, 2002, Mathew Gordon Lamont, a Long Beach Activist, who has been highly involved with the above mentioned groups and the infoshoppe along with Maxwell Lucas, a Food Not Bombs Activist, were pulled over in the city of La Habra (Orange County) after being followed by 2 Long Beach While their car was pulled over for unknown reasons, it was searched by LONG BEACH DETECTIVES (Long Beach is Los Angeles County Jurisdiction). The detectives found a gas can in the car, arrested the two men and took them into custody.
Maxwell Lucas, who is a juvenile, was taken to the Orange County Juvenile Detention Center in Orange, CA. He is being charged with but not limited to the felony of possession of a destructive device.
Matthew Lamont is being held in the Theo Lacy Facility in Orange, CA. and is being charged with 4 felony charges of possession of a destructive device, transporting of a destructive device, the use of a destructive device, and the possession of materials/instructions to make a destructive Matthew was scheduled to have his first arraignment on Tuesday April 23rd in Division 7 of the Central Court of Orange County in the city of Fullerton. During this arraignment Matthew asked for a 3-week continuance in order to obtain an attorney. Matt's bail was placed at 100,000 dollars.
Tuesday May 14th, 2002, Matthew Lamont had a scheduled court date in Santa Ana's Central Court for his extended arraignment. A small demonstration had previously been called for in front of the courthouse. However, when the demonstrators arrived they were greeted by at least 100 cops in full riot gear, undercover cops, sheriff's deputies, police horses, etc.
The first group of demonstrators who arrived - unmasked, unarmed, unthreatening in every way - decided to go inside to view court proceedings. They proceeded to walk up to the court and waited for a few others to show up before proceeding inside.
The demonstrators were told that Matthew Lamont's hearing was held first thing in the morning before his scheduled appearance. THIS IS NOT A COINCIDENCE. It's an obvious attempt to lower his morale by making it difficult for supporters to appear in court and show support.
The demonstrators then decided to wait out in front for more people to show up. Several sheriff deputies then confronted the demonstrators and said, "OK, people! I need to see your I.D's!". Only one person co-operated with them and the rest refused to show identification. The sheriffs then backed off when they realized they wouldn't be able to get any more information.
Just moments later, the police started forming a line in front of the court door and strapped on their riot helmets and gear. They then surrounded the demonstrators up against a wall, and one officer read a dispersal order saying that if the group didn't disperse immediately they will all be arrested. Disappointed, the small group had no choice but to leave.
As the small group proceeded to leave, two demonstrators were searched by police as they arrived to their car. When the rest arrived at the parking lot, the parking attendant told them that the police ordered him to let them into the lot to investigate for bombs.
Just as the small group of demonstrators were forced to leave, another group of 8 had arrived. They stood across the street with a banner that read, "FIGHT POLITICAL REPRESSION! FREE MATT & MAX!".
Police, and undercover officers proceeded to surveil the peaceful demonstrators with video cameras.
Realizing the enormous police presence, 3 demonstrators went to get a video camera from their car so they could tape the overwhelming police presence. As they tried to do so, they were closely followed by 3 police cars. As the 3 demonstrators left the car and proceeded back to the demo, the police stayed behind and appeared to be analyzing the vehicle.
Another demonstrator went into the court house and was confronted by a LOS ANGELES SHERIFFS DEPUTY who told her that Matthew had already had his arraignment and left court.
Despite this, the demonstrators still decided to continue on with the peaceful demonstration which took place on the side walk across the street from the court house. Approximately 15-20 minutes later, the riot police began to disperse and leave the area. The riot police on horses left shortly afterwards. The sheriffs, and undercover officers remained on the scene and continued to video tape the demonstrators. After about an hour and a half, Matthew was seen leaving the court in the back of a squad car.
Matthew's arraignment was supposed to be scheduled at the North Court in Fullerton, but was then moved to the Central Court in Santa Ana only 2 days before the demonstration. This was an obvious attempt to disorganize the event in fears of large amounts of people coming to show support.
Matthew is being charged with 4 felony counts, and is facing serious jail At Matthews first arraignment, Tuesday April 23rd, one if his supporters, Jeff Hendricks, yelled out in support as he was being led back out of the courtroom by the bailiff. The Judge pressed the emergency button and the bailiff immediately arrested Jeff.
Jeff was arrested for two misdemeanor charges: contempt of court and communication with a prisoner. Jeff was held on 15,000 bail until his arraignment on Thursday April 25. During his arraignment Jeff had his bail lowered to 7,500. On Friday Jeff made bail and was about to be released when a Deputy ran into the release room of the jail with a hold: A new warrant from the Long Beach police department for remaining at the scene of a riot.
Jeff was placed back into custody and transported to an L.A county facility. Jeff made a phone call earlier that day from jail and told friends that he was put in HIGH SECURITY after being arrested at court (on minor misdemeanor charges), and had his picture taken by the FBI, and was continuously being questioned by authorities. While in custody, Jeff's car was impounded and searched for "explosives". At 4 am Saturday morning Jeff was again bailed out.
Jeff is currently out on bail and is facing his two misdemeanor charges as well as a probation violation. The probation stems from his plead of no contest to failure to disperse after his arrest in the Long Beach May Day 2001 police riot. Jeff now faces up to 2 years in jail.
Political repression in Long Beach has increased outrageously since May Day 2001, where approximately 100 demonstrators were brutally attacked and arrested as they attempted to peacefully march for workers rights.
It was only two minutes into the demonstration and police began swinging their batons. The march didn't last more than 15 minutes before police opened fire with riot guns, forcing half of the march to disperse down a drive-way where they were beaten to the ground. The other half dispersed up against building where they were trapped after police unloaded several hundred rounds of rubber bullets on them. With guns still drawn, one-by-one, everyone was arrested.
May 1st, 2002 set the worst case of police brutality in Long Beach in 33 years. Demonstrators suffered fractured arms due to baton swings, and penetrating wounds from scatter-shot projectiles fired from 12-Gauge shot Bail was set as high as $25,000 for some arrestees. Many were being charged with 6 different misdemeanor charges. Despite the enormous repression, many of those arrested still decided to take their cases to trial.
After September 11th occurred, the prosecutor and judge decided to include 3 years maximum jail time if convicted, along new plea which consisted of 30 days minimum in jail time if the previous plea bargain (1 year probation) wasn't taken immediately. After this, the majority of arrestees decided to plea in fear of serving heavy jail time. This was an obvious threat which demonstrated a clear act of prejudice directed towards the arrestees because of their political beliefs.
On November 15th Robert Middaugn, who was one of those arrested on mayday, was scheduled to begin his trial. Robert had been in Jail since May 1st and was charged with Felony assault against a peace officer, Felony riot, Felony conspiracy, Felony resisting arrest, and misdemeanor failure to At the time of his arrest on May 1st Ruckus was on formal probation stemming from pleading guilty to assault against a police officer at the Democratic National Convention. When supporters of Ruckus appeared in court the morning of November 15th there were 4 police sitting in the courtroom in the jury chairs. Ruckus' supporters soon learned that these police were there to testify against him for his parole violation hearing.
Yes, the police court was going to have Robert's probation violation hearing before his trial; in reality you're guilty until proven innocent in the American injustice system. The prosecution put the 'deal' of offering Ruckus 3 years in State Prison and 3 years formal probation upon release.
In order to coerce Ruckus into taking the plea the judge informed Ruckus that he would be facing 4 years just for his probation violation not to mention a possible 13 more if found guilty of the other charges.
Ruckus was threatened with 17 years in prison. After taking the plea for 3 years in state prison, Ruckus found himself possibly facing a 3rd strike on a new charge that will give him another 20 years to life.
The repression didn't end here. In fact it only got worse.
On Feburary 24th, another mayday arrestee, Sherman Austin, was raided by 25 heavily armed FBI agents and Secret Service for running a Los Angeles based anarchist web site, Raisethefist.com.
Raisethefist.com was an alternative media site conversing a diversity of subjects including anarchism, activism, and current events not reported by mainstream media or even what passes as alternative media were reported and commented on in an open publishing format available to the public.
Heavily armed with shot guns and machine guns, the FBI, Secret Service, LAPD and LASD surrounded Sherman in his home before pulling him outside and storming his house.
FBI agents confiscated his computer equipment, along with his political literature and shut down the site along with the newly opened, laanrchists.org (Los Angeles Anarchist Collective) site that he also recently created.
Despite the raid, Sherman still decided to protest the World Economic Forum in New York that month. After being targeted by authorities, he was then arrested by New York police, interrogated by the FBI and Secret Service for several hours, released, and then re-arrested minutes later by 6 FBI agents on charges from the new "Patriot Act".
Sherman was called a terrorist in the court room and was denied bail as the judge rendered him a "threat to the community". After spending nearly 2 weeks in Maximum Security Federal Prison on 2 bogus felony counts that served a maximum 30 years jail sentence, Sherman's charges were mysteriously dropped and he was released "pending further investigation". The FBI to this day still remains in possession his computer equipment and political literature.
The new "Patriot Act" gives law enforcements a new excuse to raid, surveil, follow, detain, incarcerate and deport anyone who even remotely sees to challenge the oppressive, brutal policies of the U.S injustice system.
Hasan Hasan, a math instructor at Cerritos college and member of the Long Beach Peace Network, was illegally detained by the INS. Without being given any reason Hasan Hasan was both fired from his job and arrested within a matter of minutes. This was an obvious setup to target Hasan for his political beliefs. Hasan now faces deportation charges.
A year had gone by since May Day '01, and in the first verdicts to come out of the violent police riot which erupted from a would-be peaceful march, jurors on Tuesday, May 21st acquitted two people of failure to disperse and convicted a third of unlawful assembly and wearing a mask with the "intent to commit a crime".
Sarah Roberts, 26, the only one convicted, was handcuffed and taken into sheriff's custody after the verdicts were read. Over the strong objection of her attorney, Roberts was also ordered held on $100,000 bail until her At Roberts sentencing on May 23rd, she was sentenced to 6 months in LA County and given $1,000.00 fine.
Excessive surveillance, profiling, arrests and harassment has been experience by many local activists, especially those associated with the Long Beach Infoshoppe. There isn't one hour that the LBPD doesn't pass the Infoshoppe at least once. Their almost subtle monitoring consist of silver cars parked in front of the Infoshoppe, following local activists to and from events, videotaping, and harassing activists and community supporters.
Political repression continues to intensify in Long Beach around the anarchist movement. The Long Beach Police Department are at forefront of a well-organized quasilegal conspiracy, in the cahoots with Los Angeles, La Habra, Fullerton, and the orange County and Los Angeles sheriffs departments and FBI. Their goal is to destroy the growing anarchist movement in Southern California. We've seen this happen in Eugene, and in the 60's with devastating results. We must not let it happen again! We must take immediate action to resist the repression and to free all political prisoners. We must take action now, otherwise it will be too late!
For more information please contact the Long Beach Infoshoppe at 562-434-6934. 684 Redondo Ave Long Beach, CA
Police share high quality and high cost communications,is it simply co-incidence that certain events are so tightly linked?
Remember the kidnapping of jaggi Singh?
First they came for the ELF and ALF suspects and I said nothing because I eat meat and pull down a great wage at the woodchip factory,then they came for the anarchists and IMCista's and I thought,I don't need reminding about a lot of depressing BS,then they came for everyone in the union and co-op,good riddance,no more dues and friggin' string bags.Then they started dissapearing people at random like what happened in Stalins Russia...the odds are they wont pick me...I hope.I do love big bother and we have always been at war with Oceania bin Laden.Right?
  add your own comments

@_date: 2002-09-09 05:06:43
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Chop Chop 
CC is green tobacco with added saltpetre to assist burning,its sold under the counter in au to evade huge taxes on standard coffin nails and rolling Cigarettes smuggling is huge world wide,a run between Turkey and southern Russia had nuclear materials as a backload to NJ.When the US customs found it the CIA got shirty.Enough to attack the twin Towers?
A Smoking Gun Cigarette smuggling is a billion dollar industry with links to organized crime and terrorism.
In the film "Goodfellas," Henry Hill's first arrest comes about because he is selling a shipment of hijacked cigarettes to factory workers. The truth of cigarette smuggling is not nearly as innocent as that scene would lead us to believe.

@_date: 2002-09-09 20:43:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Saxotoxin sprinkled pretzels. 
Who will risk experimenting with SAXITOXIN? It is 1000 times more toxic >than a typical synthetic nerve gas such as sarin. It was used by CIA in >1950's as a suicide capsule. President Nixon ordered entire stock of of >SAXOTOXIN to be destroyed. > There are plus point to SAXOTOXIN, it has been used in medical research. >
Checking on the structure of Saxitoxin in the Merck Index reveals that it >> has a most interesting architecture. Three terminal NH2 groups, an ether >> linkage and a ketone. Its stable in acid solution but decomposes rapidly in >> alkaline media. It looks like very good food for anaerobic bacteria and I >> suspect would decompose rapidly in the presence of acetogens and >> methanogens. Try a sample of digested sewage sludge (anaerobic) culture with >> some milk for a few days at 35 Celsius until gas is produced. Then add the >> Saxitoxin at known dilution, sample and analyse for Saxitoxin every hour. >> Within 12 hours I'll bet its all gone. Not sure of the specific test used to >> confirm saxitoxin but I guess its capable of parts per billion.
Source in nature...

@_date: 2002-09-09 21:08:18
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Dermot Avon,a liar,an incompetent buffoon and Vic policeman. 
Dermot Avon Fuckwit of the week.
by profrv 8:51pm Mon Sep 9 '02 article
Dermot Avon enjoys lying,he told me he was from my ISP with a sickly smirk,then his little weasel mate,Conte told me they were Persons Impersonating Govt.servants or P.I.Gs.
"The Deputy Ombudsman began an inquiry into the circumstances of the shooting of Gary Abdallah and after an eight-month investigation suggested that the two detectives at the fatal shooting appeared to have agreed to corroborate each other's false accounts (The Herald, 22 December 1989)."
Gary Abdallah
Abdallah was wanted for arson in connection with a $300,000 fire at Simons Disco in Northcote.
He grew up as a young armed robber in the Flemington area and a member of a well known criminal gang which resided in his suburb and its neighbour, Ascot Vale.
Other members of the crew included Mark and Jason Moran, Graham Jensen, Frank Valastro, Mark Militano, Jedd Houghton, Victor Pierce, Peter McKevoy and Santo Mercuri.
Houghton, like Abdallah, was killed by police during investigations into the 1988 Walsh St police shootings.
On March 31, 1988, a bank robbery occurred at a State Bank branch in Oak Park.
The armed robbers left empty handed but shots were fired. Forensic records showed the gun used was definitely the same one used in the Walsh Street shootings. This robbery was linked to four unsolved recent hold-ups, police dubbing the perpetrators as the Flemington Crew. The gun used was retrieved next to tram tracks in Parkville's Royal Park Golf Course in 1990.
In late 1988, the TyEyre Taskforce into Walsh Street undertook a series of dawn raids on drug dealers, armed robbers and other known criminals in some way connected with the police shootings. Abdallah was one of the men at the top of the list of people police wanted to speak with.
Abdallah became a Walsh Street suspect on the evidence of the prosecution's key witness, Jason Ryan, whose statement was changed four times and finally thrown out by the court. Ryan, part of Richmond's feared crime family, the Pettingill's, claimed that Abdallah's part in the killings was to provide and drive the getaway car which the alleged killers had sought from his Carlton commission flat. The evidence was collected in an interview with Ryan conducted by Det John Noonan. He had taken Ryan on a trip out of the city, to Mansfield in the states north-east. It was there Ryan was interrogated and from his ever changing information and statements, Noonan initiated a case against his uncle, Victor Pierce, friend, Anthony Farrell, associate, Peter McEvoy and uncle, Trevor Pettingill.
Abdallah feared for his life after he heard rumours that the police were out to kill him. He had good reason to be fearful: Jedd Houghton was shot dead by police in a Bendigo caravan park in November 1988.
For two months Abdallah eluded the police. Raids were made on all known associates including his girlfriends family and the family of Jedd Houghton. News filtered back to Abdallah that police intended to kill him if they got to him first. He kept away from them until visiting Detective John Noonan at St Kilda Rd Police HQ on February 22, 1989 when he arranged a meeting with the task force head and his lawyer. Noonan told him that he was not wanted for the shooting, and Abdallah said he hadn't come in earlier "because people were telling me I was going to be knocked [killed]".
Leo Musgrave, a Melbourne justice of the peace who knew Abdallah and Houghton as young criminals in the inner western suburb of Flemington, was also anxious about the atmosphere after he saw Abdallah's name on police bulletin boards.
According to Roma Carew, the mother of Stephen Carew, a close friend of Abdallah, Musgrave warned her in December 1988 that if the police got to Abdallah first "the bastards will kill him". Stephen Carew said Musgrave approached him twice and urged that Abdallah give himself up to police, promising to ensure that Abdallah got the warning.
Det. John Noonan (left) Jason Ryan and Victor Pierce (right)
Noonan assured Abdallah that he was not wanted in any relation to the case.
Abdallah's car, suspected of being used in the getaway, had been sold before the murders. It was later obtained by police although their tests proved nothing. He claimed not to have heard of the murders until the following day in the newspaper. Abdallah also said he never used telephones throwing police accusations that he'd phoned fellow suspects McKevoy and Pettingill out the window. Abdallah told Noonan that he didn't believe his friend Jed Houghton would ever have anything to do with Jason Ryan. Abdallah thought that Houghton couldn't stand him thinking that he was untrustworthy with a big mouth. Noonan sent Abdallah to arson over the Simons Nightclub incident. He was then bailed. Although Noonan assured him of his presumed innocence, Abdallah was immediately trailed. The police then planted a listening device in Abdallah's flat in Drummond Street, Carlton, and set up a permanent surveillance position in the building Abdallah's lease ended on Sunday April 9, 1989. Police surveillance was also about to end. He left his flat momentarily, was trailed by police who intercepted him and returned him home.
Police claim he was being arrested for the attempted murder of a policeman's son several weeks before.
It was there that Abdallah allegedly pulled an imitation pistol on detectives Cliff Lockwood and Dermot Avon from City West CIB. Lockwood fired six shots from his gun and then let off another one from his partners weapon. Abdallah was critically wounded and died after 40 days in a coma from complications arising from a bullet wound to the back of the head.
When Gary Abdallah was shot and eventually died there was a large amount of media attention paid to the circumstances of his shooting. The Abdallah family and their solicitor were vocal in questioning the police version of events and demanding an independent public inquiry.
Other influential groups and individuals also publicly questioned the shootings. The fact that Gary Abdallah was shot at seven times and had a bullet wound in the back of his head were not matters that could be readily explained. It was announced that there would be a special series of coronial inquiries into the shootings. The inquest has examined the circumstances of the shootings in a way that has never been done previously. The Deputy Ombudsman began an inquiry into the circumstances of the shooting of Gary Abdallah and after an eight-month investigation suggested that the two detectives at the fatal shooting appeared to have agreed to corroborate each other's false accounts (The Herald, 22 December One level of criticism against police suggested that in the wake of the killing of the two police officers revenge overcame reason in the police force. A lawyer representing a man charged in relation to the 'Walsh Street' killings said in court, while objecting to his client being held in custody, 'he is probably safer in Pentridge than on the streets where he could be subjected to a bullet in the back of his head' (The Sun, 13 September 1990).
The coroner was told that 'After the two young policemen were killed, it was if the police had some kind of vendetta' (The Age, 13 September 1990). Mrs Carew, a local resident, told the coroner that a local Justice of the Peace, who she had known for many years, came to her house and asked her to get her sons to tell Abdallah, who at the time police wanted to question about 'Walsh Street' to come to his home and he would make sure that Abdallah 'got to the police station all right'. She said the Justice of the Peace told her: 'If they get to him first, the bastards will kill him'.
In 1989, the Victorian government appointed state coroner Hal Hallenstein to conduct an inquiry into police killings following the shooting of Abdallah.
Abdallah's family asked the deputy ombudsman, Dr Barry Perry, to investigate the shooting. His 329-page report was completed shortly before Christmas 1989. It said that "the evidence seems to provide some basis for believing that there was criminal conduct" in the police shooting.
During the inquest, the Abdallah family lawyer expressed a more direct view: the pistol was a plant and Abdallah was on his knees, his hands behind his head, when he was shot like a dog on a short lead.
In Victoria there were eleven fatal shootings by police in the two year period up to April 1989. This compares to only ten fatal shootings by police in the previous thirteen years. The number of fatal shootings by police had increased from only two in 1985 and one in 1986 to five in 1987 and five in 1988. The fatal shooting of Abdallah led to growing demands for a judicial inquiry into the shootings. Those calling for such an inquiry included families of some of the deceased, the Federation of Community Legal Centres, the Victorian Council of Civil Liberties, Member of Parliament Mr Neil Cole, Pentridge prison chaplain, Father Peter Norden, and the Bar Association. These demands were based on the growing number of shootings, the circumstances surrounding some of the shootings and the belief that the usual investigation by the Homicide Squad overseen by the police Internal Investigation Department and an inquiry by the coroner would not be sufficient to uncover any wrongdoing by police involved. The shootings became the subject of growing media attention and a public meeting was organised by the families of the deceased and the Flemington Legal Service. Hundreds of people attended the public meeting and passed a motion calling on the government to set up a judicial inquiry into the shootings and police accountability.
There may be something wrong with Avons left eye,one time he faced me and his wandering eye was moving around the ceiling in the corner.If I was partnering this dingbat I would carry a knife as well nic.(should regulations allow of course.)
See you weds,suckers.Get your stories straight.

@_date: 2002-09-09 21:37:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Capita Punishment UK Stasi. 
Two in five face job vetting in drive to detect offenders
'The new Criminal Records Bureau predicts that within three years it will be making more than 11 million checks on past offenders, out of a working-age population of 29 million [in the UK]. The police previously made about one million criminal record checks a year ... The government drive means that a Criminal Record Certificate could soon become as essential for a job interview as a curriculum vitae and a suit ... Of the 11,627,595 checks predicted to be made each year from 2005, only 3.2 million will be on those who work with children. The other eight million or so certificates will be requested by people seeking to apply for work in a wide variety of other roles and professions. To reach these targets - which the bureau must hit if it is to become a self-funding body - employers will have to be encouraged to demand the Â£12 certificates from applicants' ( Independent )
The CRB has received a great deal of coverage in the UK media over the last two weeks, after it failed to clear a huge backlog of checks on school staff in time for the start of term. As the CRB is nominally a Home Office agency, the public has been given the impression that this was a civil service cock-up. In fact, the work of the CRB is performed by Capita, a private firm with a long record of botching government contracts
See also this Telegraph article, and this Guardian article
Capita punishment
'New Labour can't master the "ever-faster waves of technology". All it can do is produce needless suffering and throw public money at bungling and rapacious corporations. In all the coverage of the Criminal Records Bureau fiasco, few journalists have noticed the boldness of the Home Office's ambition. At the moment, Capita, the out-sourcing company whose failure to deliver benefits or stop fraud has made it an old friend of this column, can't check the criminal records of teachers. Children are probably dying on the roads because Ministers are too scared of the post-Soham tabloids to allow them into the safety of the classrooms. Today's scandal, however, could well be dwarfed in the spring ...' ( Nick Cohen via Observer )
See also this article by Michael Mandel from 1997, this Observer report quoting Scotland Yard sources as saying that CRB checks are likely to be virtually useless in any case, as the police database against which the checks are made is riddled with errors.LINKS?

@_date: 2002-09-09 23:05:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Secret Service in crisis. 
On a warm summer night last year, a 19-year-old woman sat in a crowded bar, engaged in a rite of passage familiar to countless college-age teens: persuading a bartender to break the law and sell her a drink. This was no ordinary teenager, though. She was Jenna Bush, the daughter of President George W. and first lady Laura Bush. The bartender was amenable to serving the young womanÂ–until he spotted two agents from her Secret Service detail. Nervous, he approached the agents and asked what he should do. Use your best judgment, the agents shrugged. The bartender promptly asked Jenna Bush to leave. She was furious. A Secret Service agent familiar with the incident told U.S. News that Jenna berated her agents, then fled the bar into a dark alley. Sources say one of the agents chased Jenna, and she taunted him. "You know if anything happens to me," she said, "my dad would have your ass."
Not quite. After she called her father to complain about the incident, which is still widely recounted among agents, President Bush declined to side with Jenna. Laura Bush, however, was concerned about what Jenna and her twin sister, Barbara, view as repeated intrusions into their privacy. As a result, sources say, agents assigned to the protective details of the Bush twins have been ordered to pull back from traditional methods of coverage. Many agents say they regard this as a serious security risk. "They have no concept," says one source who has protected members of the Bush family. ". . . They act like they don't have any concept of world events and how vulnerable they are or can be."
Protecting the lives of families of top government officials has never been easy. By the same token, living under the controlling, intrusive, often overbearing, and seemingly omnipotent presence of agents can be stifling for political leaders and their families, especially for children. Presidents do what they can to strike a balance between protecting themselves and their families by acceding to the demands of agents, at the same time fighting for the right to have some semblance of a normal life. Some family members unused to the constant presence of armed law enforcement officers seek restrictions on agents' activities and guarantees of privacy. Others, more hostile, rebel and try to give their minders the slip, as Jenna's sister, Barbara, has done. Last April, Barbara's agents were lampooned by the Yale University magazine Rumpus after the car she was in sped through an E-ZPass lane as Barbara and her friends drove from New Haven, Conn., to a World Wrestling Federation match in New York. Members of her security detail had to wait in the toll lane on a bridge into Manhattan, then weave through traffic at high speeds to catch up. In Texas, Jenna evaded her Secret Service agents following class last fall, after the September 11 attacks, sources say. When she finally surfaced after several hours, a supervisor on her protective detail lectured the young woman and warned against repeating such behavior.
The Bush twins aren't alone. Secret Service sources tell U.S. News that shortly after 9/11, President Bush sought expanded coverage for other Bush family members through an executive order. But this June, President Bush changed his mind and ordered the Secret Service to discontinue the security details he had authorized for several family members. "They are dictating coverage," says a Secret Service agent. "And what's worse is we're letting "Protective methodology." After September 11, Secret Service executives made significant additions to President Bush's security arrangements. But some agents worry that Bush's ranch in Crawford, Texas, with its vast, open spaces, poses serious staffing and logistical challenges, difficulties that give pause to even the toughest military-trained tactical teams in the service. Providing security for its protectees in remote locations like the president's ranch is regarded as among the most difficult challenges by Secret Service executives, agents, and officers.
How to best guarantee the safety of the president, the vice president, and their families is just one element of a larger debate among line agents, uniformed officers, and Secret Service executives about the agency's changing role and responsibilities. In the past year, Director Brian Stafford has implemented a broad new security theory known as "protective methodology." Many agents and officers say this plan goes against the grain of time-tested Secret Service methods and practices and could expose protectees and their bodyguards to possible attack by reducing customary layers of protective "insulation." The changes include cutting the number of posts where agents and officers stand guard, eliminating some technical assets like magnetometers, ballistic glass, and armored plating, and withdrawing Counter Sniper, Counter Surveillance, Counter Assault, and other tactical teams. "Basically, what we are doing now and what we were trained to do are at different ends of the spectrum," says a veteran agent. "It doesn't make sense."
Director Stafford declined to respond to an interview request. Paul Irving, who heads the Office of Government Liaison and Public Affairs, also failed to reply to a detailed list of questions for this article. A senior White House official who works closely with the Secret Service said he believes the service is doing a "terrific" job protecting President Bush and other top government officials and their families. Scott McClellan, a White House spokesman, also declined to respond to specific questions, saying, "We do not discuss security issues. The president and Mrs. Bush are grateful and appreciative for the outstanding job the Secret Service does in protecting the first family and others."
Traditionally, the Secret Service has relied on a guarantee of 360-degree coverage of its protectees. The approach calls for a team of agents enveloping the person under protection in a kind of moving box, covering him or her from all angles. The new protective methodology, by contrast, is based on an evaluation of "threat assessments," calculating different levels of risk confronting protectees like the vice president, his wife, and their children, the president's children, and the first lady. Using current intelligence information and historic precedents like past assassination attempts, Secret Service executives determine how many agents and what kinds of special teams and capabilities to assign individual protectees. For instance, vice presidents have been considered a relatively low assassination risk. Vice President Cheney, as a result, under the protective methodology approach, like other VPs, has received fewer assets and tactical support teams than the president.
Some Secret Service agents say that a protective theory based so heavily on intelligence analysis may be dangerously flawed, especially in light of the intelligence failures that occurred prior to the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. These individuals say that Secret Service executives have sometimes ignored or discounted security recommendations more heavily weighted to intelligence analysis, despite the fact that such analysis has been so heavily emphasized by Director Stafford and other proponents of the protective-methodology theory. Shortly after September 11, Cheney's security was beefed up. Then in December, Stafford and his deputy, Danny Spriggs, met with Secret Service agents and Uniformed Division officers at the Naval Observatory, Cheney's official residence. Sources say the meeting was intended as a morale booster. Stafford told the agents and officers that though they were not assigned to the elite presidential protective detail, they were doing a vitally important job. Intelligence analysts rated Cheney as a higher security risk than President Bush, Stafford continued, because of his having served as the first President Bush's secretary of defense during the Persian Gulf War a decade ago. The war, and the presence of thousands of American troops in Saudi Arabia before, during and after it, have been cited as a principal source of grievance by Osama bin Laden and others in his al Qaeda terrorist organization. Shortly after the meeting, however, several sources tell U.S. News, Secret Service executives reduced the level of Cheney's protection. "You say this guy is the biggest threat? They started cutting," says one former officer. "They were short of manpower for the Olympics. They cut posts everywhere." By Christmas, several Secret Service officials say, the special Counter Assault, Counter Sniper, and Emergency Response teams assigned to Cheney immediately after September 11 were phased out. For months, the Secret Service also rejected recommendations for magnetometers, or X-ray machines, to screen attendees at public events where Cheney appeared. These same sources say the service began assigning more Mag officers, as they are called, to Cheney's detail after U.S. News reported (June 17, 2002) on the agency's recent cost-cutting measures and personnel difficulties. The Treasury Department's inspector general initiated an investigation of each of the allegations cited in the magazine's earlier story. That inquiry is continuing, sources say. The department's top law enforcement official, Under Secretary for Law Enforcement Jimmy GurulÃ©, sources say, has also begun interviewing officers to gauge the extent of problems documented by the magazine in the Secret Service's Uniformed "Brokenhearted." The agents who spoke to U.S. News for this account are all currently employed by the Secret Service and have held a variety of high-profile assignments, including protecting the president and vice president, the first lady, Lynne Cheney, and other members of the Bush and Cheney families. They spoke on condition of strict anonymity. In addition, U.S. News spoke to many former Uniformed Division officers who have guarded the White House complex and foreign embassies in and around Washington, D.C. The agents and officers declined to discuss sensitive protective techniques and methods so as not to compromise protectees' safety or the security of the White House complex. Many of the agents and officers told the magazine that they decided to come forward after the earlier U.S. News article because of growing concerns about their ability to ensure the safety of some protecteesÂ–family members who typically receive little or no protective coverage. More than a dozen agents who have served on protective details for a particular family member at various times over the past year have expressed concern that security measures the Secret Service has implemented on that individual's behalf were dangerously inadequate. U.S. News has refrained from publishing certain security information obtained during the reporting and research for this article and is withholding the name, location, and other details about the individual cited by these agents for security reasons. "If something happens to this protectee," says one agent, "it would cause great embarrassment. Not to mention the family; they would be brokenhearted."
In addition to the merits of the new protective-methodology plan, some agents question the timing of its implementation. The Secret Service budget has increased 75 percent since 1999, to $1.05 billion today. At the same time, though, the service has suffered a debilitating loss of manpower while the scope of its protective and investigative missions has increased significantly. After the September 11 attacks, President Bush increased the number of protectees from 17 to 38. The number is now down to 22, but that's still a significant increase for a relatively small force of nearly 3,000 agents and roughly 1,000 Uniformed Division officers. The service has butted heads with other agencies like the FBI as it has sought to expand the original mission for which it was createdÂ–combating counterfeitingÂ–to take on new responsibilities like investigating cybercrimes and international financial crimes. The service has also been given primary responsibility for providing security at what it calls national security special events like the Super Bowl and the recent Winter Olympics Games in Salt Lake City.
The new missions come at the same time the departures of agents and officers are accelerating. In the past year, more than 100 plainclothes agents have retired, quit, or taken jobs with the newly created Transportation Security Administration, internal Secret Service records show. In the past two months alone, the service has lost special agents-in-charge of its field offices in Cincinnati, Oklahoma City, Orlando, St. Louis, Atlanta, Minneapolis, and Kansas City, Mo. Many agents say they are leaving because they are fed up and want better pay and more humane working conditions, including less travel. These agents are averaging 81 hours overtime per month. A unique Secret Service pension plan allows retirement-age agents to rejoin the federal government at other agencies at elevated pay grades. Even elite Counter Sniper technicians from the Uniformed Division, who fill some of the most-sought-after and prestigious positions in the service, are leaving. CS marksmen guard the roof of the White House and travel on presidential and vice presidential advance trips to identify and assess possible security risks. Sometimes, Secret Service executives have had so few CS technicians that they have been forced to resort to what one source describes as "pseudo protection," for presidential or vice presidential events, shining powerful floodlights, hanging huge drapes, or erecting special barriers in lieu of posting Counter Snipers at vulnerable location. In recent months, the shortage of CS technicians has been so acute that on several occasions, only one officer has been assigned to plan advance security for an event involving the president or vice president. "They were cutting down power to do basic assessments," says a veteran Secret Service official. "CS advance is very difficult. You could see [the technician] running around like a madman."
Double standard. Morale in the service is plummeting, many agents say, in part because of a widely perceived double standard. Agents who enjoy close relationships with Secret Service executives in Washington are given more favorable assignments and other treatment than those who don't, many in the service say. In the sometimes arcane parlance of the Secret Service, these agents have what is known as a "hook" with headquarters. The Secret Service has also had long-standing management difficulties with its Uniformed Division, the officers and technicians who are at the front line of defense at the White House and at foreign missions. They include members of the elite Counter Sniper teams, the Emergency Response Team, and the K-9 bomb squad units. Many of these officers complain of being treated as second-class citizens. Plainclothes agents sometimes refer to uniformed officers as "box creatures," because they stand watch in the little white booths around the White House grounds. Sources say that some officers who transferred and became plainclothes agents found anonymous notes soon after taking up their new duties saying, "once a guard, always a guard." Many of the uniformed officers are overworked, with even supervisors forced to put in an enormous amount of overtime. Since last October, the Secret Service has lost more than 256 Uniformed Division officers, according to internal statistics provided to U.S. News; if current trends continue, the total could rise as high as 400 by year's end, nearly a third of the Uniformed Division's workforce. The personnel drain throughout the service has led to a decrease in the number of officers and agents available to protect the White House. "They cut posts around the White House before 9/11," says one source. Secret Service executives have had to shift officers who train cadets at the Beltsville, Md., academy to the White House complex. Officers assigned to guard foreign missions around Washington have also been shifted to stand post at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Valued members of the Secret Service's technical staff are also departing in significant numbers, including telephone and computer experts and highly trained encryption Pressure cooker. The numbers alone are alarming, many inside the Secret Service say, but they also translate into a worrisome loss of experience among those who remain. When veteran trainers and supervisors leave, they take with them years of institutional knowledge and practical, hands-on experience that often cannot be taught by less experienced personnel. Agents and former Uniformed Division officers tell U.S. News that they fear that the enormous pressure to quickly hire and train new agents, combined with the lower hiring standards that were implemented in recent years, may further compromise security, if the wrong people are brought on board. In the past, Secret Service job applicants who had used any drugs, including marijuana, cocaine, and heroin, were automatically disqualified and sent on their way. But now, sources say, an applicant who has stayed clear of marijuana for just 36 months and smoked it only 10 times can still qualify. And the Secret Service will consider candidates with cocaine or heroin useÂ–as long as it was before their 21st birthday. The service now classifies such activity as a "youthful indiscretion."
In meetings with members of Congress, Treasury Department overseers, and White House officials, Secret Service executives have sought to downplay the extent of personnel problems. But they have also had little to say publicly about their new approach to guarding high government officials and their families. Director Stafford and his deputies have committed very little information about the new protective-methology procedures to paper, several agents say. These agents worry that there has not been the kind of rigorous training, testing, and lesson planning based on the new protective theory, as has been the case with traditional protective methods. Agents and officers interviewed for this article expressed concern that if something goes wrong, there is so little on paper about the protective-methodology procedures that line agents and officers may be held accountable for decisions made by higher-ups. "Congress," says one veteran agent, "is going to grill our behinds, barbecue our backsides when, not if, but whenÂ–something happens." Adds another agent: "All you're doing is counting the days and hours you've been lucky."
Some key causes of concern:
The Secret Service is so hard pressed to find trained Mag officers to screen people attending public functions with the president, vice president, and other top officials that it has had to reduce the number of such officers at some events. When heads of Secret Service details request Mag officers, they are often told that none is available; when they turn in security advance plans to headquarters, approved plans often come back with the number of Mag officers reduced, even for the president's detail, sources say. Detail heads have been forced on some occasions to pull agents from other posts to fill in near X-ray machines to scan crowds or even to use hand-held devices to screen attendees. One source says agents assigned to Cheney always make sure they are "vested up," have their bulletproof vests on, when they don't get magnetometer support and worry that a terrorist or a deranged person might sneak a gun into an event.
Because of concerns in part over excessive cost, Secret Service officials have declined to install ballistic glass in front of windows of hotels or other venues where key protectees have been scheduled to appear. "They won't put up ballistic glass," says an agent, "because they have to pay money to bring in a truck with a hydraulic lift to roll the glass in." Supervisors also frequently nix requests from agents for camouflaged armored sheets of steel used at outdoor events or in hotels to guard against sniper fire.
Agents say the Secret Service has failed to adjust its post-9/11 security procedures to address the potential threat of an aerial attack. The service, sources say, must demand more aggressive vetting of small aircraft by local police and other government agencies in advance of public events involving the president and vice president. Agents say they are especially worried about charter planes, because they receive virtually no security screening and their flight paths are typically not monitored. "It raises concerns," says one agent, "about how to reassure those who are under our protection about their safety, when really, we can't."
Security precautions taken for the first lady, some agents say, are often dangerously inadequate. In Washington, Laura Bush's motorcade does not even get the benefit of "intersection control"Â–coordinated traffic lights, a basic security measure accorded many high-risk visiting foreign dignitaries. And agents say they are concerned about the security of the vice president's wife, Lynne.
When her father was president, Chelsea Clinton was regularly assigned a two-man Counter Assault Team, in addition to her regular detail, after she received threats when she was a Stanford University student. The Bush daughters briefly were assigned similar teams after September 11, sources say, but they have since been pulled back.
Added to the loss of experienced agents and officers, many in the Secret Service believe executives remain skeptical of the value of some elite special units like Counter Assault, Counter Surveillance, and Emergency Response teamsÂ–the Pentagon-trained Uniformed Division officers who protect the White House. These sources say that many senior supervisory agents in the field and officials at headquarters are philosophically at odds with using these techniques. "They think we are cowboys," says a former veteran Emergency Response Team member, "and that it's overkill." This former officer and other sources say there's a kind of generation gap, due in part to the fact that many senior officials never went through the specialized training now required of the Secret Service's most elite units. Training is a key measurement. Many agents and officers describe the training of new recruits as excellent, but others say the Secret Service is behind the curve. "These guys think old school," says one former officer who came to the Secret Service from the military. The specialized teams train to respond to multiple threats, like the September 11 attacks, and to rocket, chemical, and biological assaults. But most officers not on the elite teams and nonspecial team agents are still trained on a "single cycle" threat, such as that posed by a lone gunman. Some of these agents believe that after 9/11, the service should have modified its training curriculum to focus more on responding to multipronged attacks.
"Standing down." Paramount among the Secret Service's high-priority protective missions, of course, is the White House and its inhabitants. Despite the agency's ability to scramble and redeploy agents and officers from other responsibilities over the past year, the challenge is only likely to grow, agents and officers say. More than five years ago, special operations experts from the elite military counterterrorism unit Delta Force conducted a threat assessment of the White House and found numerous vulnerabilities. Secret Service executives have implemented only a few minor changes since that study, sources say. The threats are varied and not easy, in some cases, to counter. Veteran Secret Service officers worry, for example, about the long-standing custom of "standing down" when members of Congress come to call at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. One former officer says he requested a congressman's voting card to double-check the member's identification and was "reamed out" by his supervisor after the congressman complained. Officers who spoke with U.S. News for this article say they have been forced time and again to allow members of Congress to enter the White House complex without identification because they have complained loudly when challenged. The worries, these sources say, are not misplaced. In April 1994, at the funeral reception for former President Richard Nixon at his library in Yorba Linda, Calif., a middle-aged man using fake identification papers sauntered through the VIP-congressional area and approached then President Clinton and former President George Bush. He attempted to engage them in conversation before he was finally detained, arrested, and charged with trespassing. "There's no way we can know even a quarter of these people," says one officer. "Yet we are supposed to allow them onto the ground without a picture ID. You can buy congressional pins or congressional license plates off eBay."
The Secret Service has a long and proud history of meeting difficult challenges and beating them. Many agents and officers, still intensely loyal to the agency, say they believe that with the right leadership and an influx of new blood, the service can handle whatever new demands it is required to meet. But others worry that the double whammy of personnel losses and increased responsibilities may be impeding the ability of the agency to function at the high levels expected of it. For some in the Secret Service, that challenge comes down to a decidedly personal level. "I hate to say this, but I couldn't have cared less," says one officer who has left the service. "If someone tried something, I probably would have missed it, because I just did not care."

@_date: 2002-09-09 23:06:34
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Secret Service crisis 2. 
First Lady cancels USN&WR interview over Secret Service cover story
President Bush and his wife are steaming over U.S. News & World Report's story about Secret Service protection for their twin daughters. White House spokesman Ari Fleischer calls the article "a disappointing departure from the media's traditional role of respecting the privacy of the president's family," but editor Brian Duffy tells Howard Kurtz the magazine performed "the usual balancing act between privacy concerns and whether the measures being taken are adequate to ensure (the twins') safety." (Washington Post)

@_date: 2002-09-09 23:21:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Busy week in counterintelligence. 
Petty officer took hard drives, data
In a case interlaced with theft, potential espionage and the Sept. 11 terrorist attack on the Pentagon, a Navy submariner pleaded guilty yesterday to charges he improperly possessed defense secrets and stole and sold government-owned computer hard drives......( Union-Tribune, 7 Sep 02)
Sailor possessed military secrets
Navy submariner pleaded guilty to charges he improperly possessed defense secrets and stole government-owned computer hard drives, which he later sold on the Internet.....( AP, 7 Sep 02)
Little Change in a System That Failed
The Central Intelligence Agency and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have proven remarkably resilient in defense of their own turf.....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
When Playing the Field, the Game Gets Rough
THE conventional wisdom about what is troubling American intelligence, particularly human intelligence Â— the stuff spies do Â— is that the system is broken; that on Sept. 11 the Central Intelligence Agency just did not have enough language-qualified spy handlers on the ground around the world to do the job.....( New York Times op-ed by Milt Bearden, 8 Sep 02)
Spy History 101: America's Intelligence Quotient
MOST of America's best-known spies Â— from Nathan Hale to Francis Gary Powers and from the Rosenbergs to Aldrich H. Ames Â— are remembered because they got caught or because they spied against their country.....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
Getting the Intelligence Services a Vulnerable Nation Needs
If anything changed after Sept. 11, it was America's sense of invulnerability. Suddenly, this became a nation under threat, a nation without security. What needs to be done, what can be done Â— short and long term Â— by the intelligence services to protect the United States against future attack?.....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
Eyes in the Sky, Ears to the Wall, and Still Wanting ....For more than 50 years, providing the country with early warning of a nuclear missile attack from Russia has been the first priority of the American intelligence community. The system has worked well, thanks largely to billions of dollars worth of technical intelligence.....( New York Times op-ed by James Bamford, 8 Sep 02)
Learning to Spy With Allies
What will Al Qaeda do next? One big problem in figuring it out has been that, in important ways, the terrorist network is more effectively globalized than the modern intelligence organizations that try to penetrate it....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
Bin Laden's Guys Have Cloaks and Daggers, Too
FOR all the resources American agents are devoting to watching the myriad tentacles of Al Qaeda, one of the things they have been forced to consider is that Al Qaeda may be watching them.....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
Pearl Harbor as Prologue
Why does intelligence fail? Remember Pearl Harbor....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
Trust No One: In New York, Everyone Is Suspect
now thinks we ought to keep an eye out for suspicious behavior and bring it to the attention of the experts who keep files on suspiciousness.....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
Face It: Your Looks Are Revealing
In the last year, intelligence agents have been showing more interest in the work of the California psychologist Paul Ekman than ever before.....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
The Real Me: The Online Version
It is no secret that the Internet offers a wealth of information. It's even known that much of what we used to call "intelligence" is freely available online. I decided to find out what I could learn about myself just by consulting Internet-based resources....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02)
Book Contends Chief of A-Bomb Team Was Once a Communist
Adding a startling chapter to the long historical debate over the secret laboratory that developed the atom bomb in World War II, a new book concludes that its leader, Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer, belonged to the American Communist Party in the late 1930's and early 40's.....( New York Times, 8 Sep 02) [Read review of book by CI Centre Professor Nigel West]
Trial alleges Guatemalan guard's deadly role
Myrna Mack knew the death squads were after her. The 39-year-old anthropologist asked neighbors to watch for intruders outside her home, began varying her travel habits and told a priest she feared for her life. They got her anyway.....( AP, 8 Sep 02)
The US is expanding its Echelon spy network
THE DEFENSE MINISTRY SAYS THAT BUILDING AN AMERICAN RADAR STATION IN LATVIA COULD ENDANGER THE SECURITY OF NORTH-WESTERN EUROPE. RUSSIAN STRATEGISTS ARE ALREADY REGRETTING SHUTTING DOWN THE RADIO INTELLIGENCE STATION AT LOURDES, CUBA, AND ARE ACCUSING THE US OF INCONSISTENCY AND DOUBLE STANDARDS.....( Russia Weekly, 8 Sep 02)

@_date: 2002-09-09 23:43:12
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: R.A.T.M. 
Rage against the machine reformation rumours.
Renegades of funk.
The revolutionary band Rage Against the Machine has announced today that they would be uniting again after the band disbanded to pursue separate careers over a year ago. "We've been re-called by the Sony corporation to sell products to the masses." Said lead singer Zach de la Rocha at a press conference last Thursday. The band also announced that because they have re-united they are making some new changes to their old records. In this article they have asked me to include the new lyric sheets for some of the new songs and to name-drop their major brand name corporation, Sony. Who are now using the once revolutionary song Killing In The Name Of, to pimp the world the Sony corporation's video game machine, Playstation. The re-naming of their songs has spawned from this new revolutionary co-opt. "The first song we want to change is Guerilla Radio. We decided to change it to 'Sony Playstation'. We were gonna change it to 'Sony Radio' but decided to go with 'Sony Playstation' as we thought this might be better to pimp Playstations" said lead singer Zach de la Rocha. Their new lyrics have been dubbed by Maximum Rock and Roll as "The most revolutionary new mantra the sony corporation has ever owned."
The new lyrics are as follow:
Guerilla playstation!
"Transmission third world war third round.
Play Colin Mcrae Rally for full surround sound
No shelter if your looking for shade, most of our games come from Accolade.
As the polls close like I casket, all truth devoured
You'll see our ads in the shadow of power.
A spectacle monopolized, buy Sony II there's no choice disguised.
Is it Crash Bandicoot for those who burn and toil?
Or free toasters for the thirst for blood and oil
A spectacle monopolized we hold the reigns now close your eyes
For the fist-a-gon and Sony corporation
Who stuff the banks and staff the party ranks
Exports? Or housing for the poor.
None of the above fuck it plug in the chord
Lights out,
Sony Playstation
Turn that shit on
Lights out
Sony Playstation.
Turn that shit on!
Contact I hijacked the TV screen
Selling you Playstation and our CDs
Way past the days of protesting DC
Sound off. Now you'll never be free.
Who got 'em yo check the federal file.
All you Rage fans see they sold out in style
The army of pigs smiles then bins your file
Cause your on the idiot box and the radio dial
Lights out
Sony Playstation.
Turn that shit on.
Lights out
Sony Playstation.
Turn that shit on"
With smashing lyrics like that they sell playstatoins to the poorest most oppressed RATM fans.
They have also announced that their song that was almost number one around the world was also going to be changed. Killing in the Name Of which was a major success world wide, is now being changed to Sellin' Sony Playstation the lyrics are as follows:
So I know that market forces.
Call for big corporate mergers
The call for big corporate mergers
Are because of market forces
Selling Sony Playstation
Selling Sony Playstation
MORE ON

@_date: 2002-09-10 00:00:05
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: San Diego secrets a go go. 
Sailor gets 7 months in theft of secret Navy property
Petty officer took hard drives, data
By James W. Crawley
UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER
September 7, 2002
In a case interlaced with theft, potential espionage and the Sept. 11 terrorist attack on the Pentagon, a Navy submariner pleaded guilty yesterday to charges he improperly possessed defense secrets and stole and sold government-owned computer hard drives.
Petty Officer 1st Class Bryan Moody was sentenced by a military judge to seven months in the brig, loss of pay and was reduced to seaman recruit.
Moody, an electrician's mate, formerly assigned to the submarine Helena at Point Loma Naval Base, likely will be dismissed from the Navy after he completes his sentence.
Despite describing the case as "extremely troubling," Navy prosecutors agreed to lesser charges to keep classified information from being divulged during the court-martial and for Moody's cooperation in determining whether military secrets were compromised.
"The primary importance in these cases is the damage assessment," said Lt. Cmdr. Shannon Kopplin. "There is a competing government concern that's of equal or greater importance than confining someone (in jail)."
As part of the plea bargain, the most serious charge, possession of classified information, was dropped in favor of a lesser count of possessing national defense documents. Moody could have been sentenced to more than 18 years on all the charges.
Navy investigators found dozens of computer diskettes, a secret Navy chart and three pictures that officials said were classified "secret" at Moody's San Diego home and at his former wife's residence in San Diego, after she called authorities.
The diskettes reportedly contained classified tests and exam questions about the nuclear reactors and submarine operations, both closely held naval secrets.
The chart, sources familiar with the case said, included information about efforts to track a Russian submarine off the West Coast several years ago. Navy officials, citing security concerns, refused to comment. The pictures showed Moody and another sailor inside the Helena's top-secret reactor compartment, sources said.
Between 1996 and June 2001, Moody stole from the Helena at least five computer hard drives, which the Navy was trading in for new equipment.
Moody sold three of the five drives on E-Bay to people in Illinois, Pennsylvania and Florida. Naval Criminal Investigative Service agents tracked down two drives, but one sold to a man in Florida was resold to a Texas used-parts distributor, which sold it to a firm in the Dominican None of the hard drives seized by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service contained classified information, and there was no evidence Moody had passed secrets to foreign agents, testified special agent Krista Pixley.
The Sept. 11 attack put an interesting spin on the case.
The chart had been sent to the Pentagon for review by Navy intelligence officers last summer. It was destroyed when the hijacked jetliner crashed into the building.
Moody argued that a lax attitude aboard the Helena allowed him to take the hard drives out of recycling bins and casually remove secret information.
"I never viewed my actions as aberrant at the time," he said during his But, now, Moody said, "I've harmed the U.S. Navy with my actions."

@_date: 2002-09-10 00:08:25
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Presidential guards murder detail. 
Guatemala Tries 3 Officers, Saying They Instigated '90 Killing
After years of delays and intimidation, three high-ranking officers who once commanded a presidential security and intelligence unit are being tried on charges that they masterminded the killing of a vocal critic of the military in 1990.....( New York Times, 9 Sep 02)
Trial alleges Guatemalan guard's deadly role
Myrna Mack knew the death squads were after her. The 39-year-old anthropologist asked neighbors to watch for intruders outside her home, began varying her travel habits and told a priest she feared for her life. They got her anyway.....( AP, 8 Sep 02)
Guatamala used PROMIS stolen Inslaw software to track and trace dissidents.The AFP still use it even though it's said to have a CIA backdoor.
The reminders of Canada's role in an espionage scandal in Israel have distant echoes of 40 years ago when Canada was researching North Vietnam for the UN and leaking information to the CIA through ASIS.Page 85.'Oyster' by Brian Toohey.

@_date: 2002-09-10 00:46:10
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Fwd: Blofeld found near Corralito's stop licensed to kill stop 
COMING SOON: An actual unretouched photograph of the Fluffster complete with his Commie red collar and his Chinese Commie green ID tag.

@_date: 2002-09-10 04:32:48
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Take neem to Mongo's barbie. 
West Nile virus reaches California
12:40 09 September 02 NewScientist.com news service
A Californian woman has been infected with West Nile virus, preliminary tests suggest. If confirmed, the case will mark the virus's spread right across the US just three years after the first human case in New York.
"We have been anticipating the arrival of West Nile virus in California as reports of the disease have progressed steadily westward across the United States," California's State Health Director said.
The woman was treated for meningitis, a symptom of West Nile infection, in early August and had not travelled outside the Los Angeles region shortly before falling ill, health officials confirmed. The results of final West Nile tests are expected by the end of this week.
On Friday, Canada also reported its first West Nile case, in Ontario. Four other "probable" cases are also being investigated, health officials said.

@_date: 2002-09-10 04:41:09
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Cryptozoology in Corralitos. 
"...Cryptozoology often receives a bad rep because it is often practiced with little skepticism, or regard for scientifically supported facts and theories. Likewise, paranormal cryptozoologists do little to help the integrity of cryptozoology. It can, however, be a level-headed, interesting and possibly even scientific subject, if examined with open-minded skepticism and a scientific viewpoint.
Such an approach is the basis of this web site on cryptozoology. Ockham's razor, which basically states that the simplest explanation is probably the correct one, is a rationale that looms large here."
What's New with Cryptozoology?
The Myakka Ape Photos Loren Coleman's take on recent photos from Florida appearing to show an ape-like animal.

@_date: 2002-09-10 22:16:06
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: X-ray update 
Doesn't mention aussies,David Hicks and Mamdouh Habib.
Longish piece w/jpgs.See also
More profits for Halliburton.
Cheney,Rumsfeld "...I despise you. I despise your
order, your laws, your
force-propped authority. Hang
me for it!" Louis Lingg

@_date: 2002-09-11 00:19:13
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Plane hijacker Times. 
The Red Army Faction seized the world's attention when, armed with samurai swords and pipe bombs, it took control of the Boeing 727 as it flew near Mount Fuji.
Got Knives?
Mumbai, Sept 9. (PTI): Hours after a failed attempt to hijack an Air Seychelles Male-bound Boeing 737-700, a transit passenger was arrested for carrying three knives in his luggage at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport today.
Reporters sans explosives
Reporters Easily Smuggle Weapons Through Airport Checkpoints, Wednesday,
September 04, 2002, NEW YORK ? Reporters investigating airport ...
 - 45k - 8 Sep 2002 - Cached
Come fly with me lets fly,lets fly away...

@_date: 2002-09-11 02:17:08
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Enough is Enough.Plans for a Fall uprising. 
Call for a dual mobilization for total liberation. Or rather- a Fall uprising.
In Fall- the streets of DC, and Denver, CO will erupt. 2 forces made up of many movements with much historical/herstorical precedent will converge. The anti-capitalist, the anti-imperialist, the anti- colonialist, the anti-authoritarian, the anti-patriarchy, the anti- white supremacy will all take to the streets in these 2 cities.
MORE ON
Current Threats to America
Current Threats to America Include "a Loose Alliance of Left-Wing Groups"
A recent "threat assesment" issued by the FBI's National Infrastructure Protection Center has identified global justice activists as a potential terrorist threat.
The memo, entitled "First Anniversary of the September 11th Attacks And Other Dates of Interest," notes that "there are several notable events scheduled in the near future which warrant heightened awareness." It lists the first anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks; upcoming United Nations meetings in New York City; and the World Bank and International Monetary Fund meeting in Washington, DC, during the period September 25-29th.
The bulletin, which has attracted mainstream media attention, goes on to contend that "prior protests against the IMF and WB in Washington, D.C. were disruptive and resulted in limited clashes with police...historically, tiny contingents of individuals associated with the protests belonged to violent groups."
While this is not the first time that elements of the Global Justice Movement have been the targets of FBI scrutiny, the inclusion of WB / IMF protests in a memo dealing with largely foreign terrorism may represent an escalation of US Government harassment. Read and discuss the full memo.
[ New York City IMC | Washington D.C. IMC ]

@_date: 2002-09-11 04:08:42
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Peter Hain and Peter Beattie files 
Anti springbok demonstrator to foreign Minister.
Premier of Qld bashed by state police
Your humble corresspondant was there at the Melb Demo.(aged 16)Had his wrangler press stud shirt ripped open by one fat P.I.Gs.
It's been part of the Australian sporting ethos that politics and sport shouldn't mix. But mix it did during the 1971 Springbok Rugby Union tour of Australia. What an explosive mix it was! The tour was marked by violent demonstrations against the team because of the South African Government's apartheid policies. Wherever the Springboks travelled, they were greeted by demonstrations, and those demonstrations reached a crescendo in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane, when the tourists took the field. In Queensland, where Joh Bjelke-Peteson was premier at the time, a state of emergency was declared to allow the matches to be played. But the ugliest violence took place in Melbourne, when 138 demonstrators were arrested and five police were treated in hospital following clashes before, during and after the match against Victoria at Olympic Park. In Sydney 100 people were arrested.In Melb.1 P.I.Gs was carried off after a firecracker went off next to his ear.Police horses were charging at full gallop the length of the pitch as a deafening unending racket went on.Most violent demo I ever went on.
They galloped right over at least 2 pitch invaders.

@_date: 2002-09-11 04:17:58
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: LEDX Latest. 
The forerunner of the Law Enforcement Data Exchange (LEDX) was a system known as DocuShare, developed and marketed by Stamford, Conn.-based Xerox Corp.
The product started out as a way for five company research centers to collaborate and share information, said Colman Murphy, Xerox's DocuShare product manager.
"So they designed it to be secure but also to make it very easy for distributed work groups to build collaborative spaces and to share information," he said. "So it has a lot of security capabilities built into it, like the user name and password control on not just areas of the DocuShare server...but actually right down to each individual document.
"The users themselves get to control that access. I, as the user, can decide who else can view this document down to the individual level. Also, the site itself can be administered among the users. So it distributes the administration mode across the organization. You don't have to have a large [information technology] organization to set it up, to administer it, to manage the content, to give people permission. All of that can be distributed across the organization."
Murphy said the product could store any document in its original format. The application also includes filters to convert more than 200 file formats to HTML quickly and easily.
Larry Hunt, chief engineer and chief executive officer of Integrated Digital Systems/ScanAmerica Inc., tried to come up with a better way to exchange information among the Internet Crimes Against Children task force centers. Because his company was one of Xerox's top value-added resellers and because he was familiar with DocuShare, Hunt modified the product and called it LEDX.
MORE ON

@_date: 2002-09-11 04:34:14
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Pre crime in the warthland. 
John Ashcroft recently released his guidelines for investigating people he suspects as terrorists, and these guidelines exceed even J. Edgar Hoover's contempt for due process.
Activists particularly--and I expect the term applies to a good many readers of The Progressive--should know what may well be in store for them. On page three of "The Attorney General's Guidelines on General Crimes, Racketeering Enterprise and Terrorism Enterprise Investigations," we are told: "A terrorism enterprise investigation may be initiated when facts or circumstances reasonably indicate that two or more persons are engaged in an enterprise for the purpose of . . . furthering political or social goals wholly or in part through activities that involve force or violence and a federal crime . . ."
Note the use of "reasonably" and "wholly or in part." These insidiously malleable guidelines for terrorism investigations could apply to political action (and the reaction) during demonstrations by environmentalists, anti-globalizationists, animal rights pickets, or union members on strike, as well as pro-lifers trying to talk, and only to talk, to women entering abortion clinics ("obstruction" at clinics can be a federal crime).
The guidelines go on to note that "the 'reasonable indication' standard for commencing a terrorism enterprise investigation is . . . substantially lower than probable cause." It is so low it could be part of the new Steven Spielberg-Tom Cruise movie, Minority Report, which envisions the nabbing of "pre-criminals." As The Washington Times puts it, such pre-criminals are convicted "before they ever act on, or, in some cases, are even aware of, their murderous designs."
On page four of the Ashcroft Guidelines: "The nature of the conduct engaged in by a [terrorist] enterprise will justify an inference that the standard [for opening a criminal intelligence investigation] is satisfied, even if there are no known statements by participants that advocate or indicate planning for violence or other prohibited acts." (Emphasis added.)
The Attorney General, furthermore, extends the dragnet to make individuals in a group under suspicion responsible for what other members say or write: "A group's activities and the statements of its members may properly be considered in conjunction with each other. A combination of statements and activities may justify a determination that the threshold standard for a terrorism investigation is satisfied, even if the statements alone or the activities alone would not warrant such a determination." (Emphasis added.)
Also indicating the "pre-crime" mindset of Attorney General Ashcroft is the following paragraph. "While no particular factor or combination of factors is required, considerations that will generally be relevant whether the threshold standard for a terrorism investigation is satisfied includes as noted, a group's statements, its activities, and the nature of potential federal law violations suggested by its statements or its activities." (Emphasis added.)
Keep in mind the massive, pervasive electronic surveillance--with minimal judicial supervision under the USA Patriot Act--of inferential "pre-crime" conversations and messages, both sent and received. Add to that the FBI's power, under the same law, to break into your home or office, with a warrant, while you're not there, and inset "The Magic Lantern" into your computer to record every one of your keystrokes, including those not sent. Then add the Patriot Act's allowing the FBI to command bookstores and libraries to reveal the books bought or read by potential domestic terrorists.
You may now appreciate the prophecy of Senator Frank Church--who was instrumental in exposing the constitutional crimes of J. Edgar Hoover's Cointelpro operation--when he said in 1975 that future government intelligence capabilities could "at any time be turned around on the American people, and no American would have any privacy left--such is the capacity to monitor everything, telephone conversations, telegrams, it doesn't matter." And that was before the omnivorous, permeable Internet. The Web can be a spider web.
Senator Church, referring to "potential" enemies of the state, warned: "There would be no way to fight back because the most careful effort to combine together resistance to the government, no matter how privately it was done, is within the reach of the government to know."
There is still time to fight back.

@_date: 2002-09-13 01:40:16
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Mongo's touching affection for pussy. 
Scroll down for photo.
Also from yesterday...A WOMAN who sneezed in a policeman's face was an attention-seeking nuisance, a judge said yesterday.
But April Whitelaw is $500 better off and without a criminal conviction
after Judge Peter Gebhardt dismissed a charge of assaulting police.
Yesterday in the County Court, Ms Whitelaw appealed against a magistrate's
decision that she had intentionally sneezed in the face of Sen-Constable
Kevin Walsh after he intercepted her car in Bittern on May 19 last year.
The court heard Ms Whitelaw, of Chelsea, falsely told Sen-Constable Walsh
and his partner that two purses she had with her were stolen. In fact, they
were hers.
Sen-Constable Walsh told the court that as he went to arrest her, Ms
Whitelaw told him he was placing himself "in fear of assault" before she
"sneezed or snorted" nasal fluid in his face.

@_date: 2002-09-13 03:46:50
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: AU legislators warning to RIAA 
>>UNAUTHORISED changing of computer data to cause disruptions to the system will carry a penalty of up to 10 years in jail.
POSSESSION of data with the intent to cause an offence will carry a maximum three-year penalty.
UNAUTHORISED modification of restricted data will carry a penalty of up to two years' jail. <<

@_date: 2002-09-13 09:27:47
@_author: Matthew X 
@_subject: Bulk APster rates 
Conspiracy grows
Murder for insurance ring broken up
As many as 24 alleged conspirators could face charges in connection with a massive scheme to murder Guyanese immigrants for insurance money, law-enforcement sources told The New York Post Wednesday.
"The conspiracy is extensive. Others, not yet identified . . . participated," Assistant U.S. Attorney John Curran argued in court papers made public yesterday at a bail hearing for one alleged culprit, Ronald Mallay, an unemployed Queens man, is accused of recruiting hit men and collecting insurance money as part of the murder-for-hire scheme that sources say targeted at least seven victims - and probably more.
Also accused of murder conspiracy is Richard James, a Queens insurance agent who allegedly wrote policies for numerous "customers" who died under suspicious circumstances.
Mallay, 57, was denied bail in Brooklyn federal court, where prosecutors revealed the results of a search of his wife Lazina's Queens apartment.
Investigators said they found five insurance policies, including $1.5 million in coverage for a man whose occupation is listed as a flea-market clothing salesman - and whom prosecutors have not been able to locate.
