
@_date: 2001-09-03 23:20:52
@_author: profits4u34 at hotmail.com 
@_subject: Let us Pay your way into 3 Rapidly growing MLM companies 
THE WANNA BEE FOUNDATION
Let us put the pieces together for YOU
The Wanna Bee Foundation is NOT a Multi-Level Company.
It has NO matrix or payout.
 We are not putting hundreds of thousands of people into MLM programs, not even hundreds, only a few will get this opportunity to have a chance to become a member of  the "Wanna Bee Foundation". Your entry is voted on by the members, then placed into 3 MLM companies (FREE). Only after you are in profit in at least 2 of them, are you required to pay your monthly dues to each of the companies.  The annual fee is $29.95. Each individual company will send you a recruiting kit after you become a member.  GUARANTEE -- We guarantee you to be in profit before you are asked to
complete  the applications FOR THE INDIVIDUAL COMPANIES.    We will mail out, at no extra cost to you, from one to three million offers a month. All
members joining from this email advertising will be placed in all of your downlines.
 ALL THIS FOR $29.95.
PLEASE VISIT:
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THIS EXCITING OPPORTUNITY.
If you are accepted by the WBF, they pay your way into all three companies
(any kit fees, plus first month fees).
When you are in profit in at least two of the three companies, you are asked to join, and then have 10 days to respond or you lose your position on the team.   As a Safelist Emailer member, they mail the WBF information with your ID on it. You even get a copy of the leads that your email advertisement generated (generally between 800 to 3000 per month). You may also use the same leads for any purpose you choose, they can be emailed to you. Now, with each WBF member getting from one to three million email adds sent each month, that adds up to millions + millions of people world wide getting our message each and every month. With this system, getting only one one-hundredth of one percent on the Internet, this will still put new members in each company for YOU every month. Then, the new members will team with you to do more mailings.
This message is sent in compliance of the new email bill HR 1910. Under Bill HR 1910 passed by the 106th US Congress on May 24, 1999, this message can not be considered spam as long as we include the way to be removed. Per Section HR 1910., please type REMOVE in the subject line and reply to this email. All removal requests are handled personally and immediately
