
@_date: 2006-11-10 15:04:54
@_author: Peter Langston 
@_subject: Potential Rumsfield replacement (Robert Gates) was director of 
company
Reply-To: psl at acm.org
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.8 (Windows/20061025)
Forwarded-by: David Michael [another reason not to confirm him....dm]
Permission to excerpt or reprint granted, with link to
  Rumsfield replacement (Robert Gates) was director of voting company
  by Bev Harris
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfield will resign, reportedly to be replaced
by former CIA director Robert Gates.
Gates was on the board of directors of VoteHere, a strange little company
that was the biggest elections industry lobbyist for the Help America Vote
Act (HAVA). VoteHere spent more money than ES&S, Diebold, and Sequoia
combined to help ram HAVA through. And HAVA, of course, was a bill sponsored
by convicted Abramoff pal Bob Ney and K-street lobbyist buddy Steny Hoyer.
HAVA put electronic voting on steroids.
You can find copies of the VoteHere lobbying forms here:
I can't get them to save to pdf, perhaps you can. Enter search terms in both
"registrant" and "client" fields and put in terms "Rhoads" "Livingston" and
"Votehere" (one at a time.). Then look at the gravy train while it was in
the process of derailing American democracy.
I first became acquainted with VoteHere when I met a source, Dan Spillane,
who is the wonderful guy that identified the Diebold source code modules for
me after I found the Diebold files. He is the person who introduced me, and
subsequently everyone else, to the odd role of The Election Center and R.
Doug Lewis in the elections industry.
Spillane also filled me in on The Livingston Group, VoteHere lobbyists, run
by Bob Livingston -- the fellow that Hustler publisher Larry Flynt outed
during the Bill Clinton blow job days. Larry Flynt offered a million dollars
to anyone who could locate a Republican congressman committing adultery, and
out popped peccadilloes by Livingston.
Livingston couldn't live that one down, so he resigned his post as House
Speaker-Elect and became a lobbyist -- but that's not all! He also launched
a group called "Center for Democracy" which was going to "monitor
elections." This group also featured several good old boys from the tobacco
industry and some mining companies.
Former VoteHere test engineer Dan Spillane was looking into all this because
he had been fired after he questioned the certification process on a
touch-screen system in which he had identified 250 flaws. It was way back in
November 2002 that Spillane told me, "The voting machine industry is a house
of cards. And the certification and testing process is the bottom card in
the house of cards."
BUT DON'T RUN OUT OF THE ROOM TO TAKE A SHOWER YET. There's more.
VoteHere was a company shilling cryptographic solutions and filled with NSA
types (another director was Admiral Bill Owens, another crony of Rummy,
Perle and Wolfowitz). For some reason this company claims it was unable to
prevent itself from being hacked. In this alleged hack, VoteHere claims that
someone stole their source code. Said source code was offered to me in
October 2003, an obvious attempt at entrapment which I refused.
Nevertheless, VoteHere claimed to the media that its master security experts
had supposedly "tracked" the hacker and had identified the hacker as an
activist in the election reform community.
For some reason, it was decided that I should be investigated in connection
with this "hack" of VoteHere -- nevermind that I can't remember how to
change the password on my own laptop. Therefore I was interviewed by the
Secret Service several times about this. Curiously, they never seemed to ask
any questions about VoteHere, only my role in finding the Diebold files and
publishing the Diebold memos.
This nonsense eventually culminated in a gag order and a letter from the
U.S. Attorney to appear in front of a federal grand jury with information on
all the visitors to the Black Box Voting Web site. (As if they couldn't get
that in less dramatic ways in post-Patriot Act America). Attorney Lowell
Finley (now with  ) went to bat for me on this. A
reporter named George Howland from the Seattle Weekly also got wind of it.
When it hit the press, and with Lowell Finley's help, their harassment of me
VoteHere never sold any voting machines that I can find, but apparently did
set up some deals to embed its cryptography into some voting systems. We
found memos in the Diebold trash about VoteHere's crypto-crap, and Maryland
Director of Elections Linda Lamone shows up in VoteHere-related letters.
Sequoia Voting Systems signed an agreement with VoteHere, but it's not clear
to me whether they ever did anything about it.
Robert Gates stepped away from VoteHere shortly before he showed up in
Chapter 8 of my book, Black Box Voting, in a short bit about the VoteHere
company history. You can read that here:
I don't know about you, but I'd rather use a paper, pencil, and count by
hand at the polling place than have former CIA director Robert Gates fooling
around with my vote.
But that's just me.

@_date: 2006-10-24 15:20:53
@_author: Peter Langston 
@_subject: Outsourcing Torture - the Boeing connection 
Forwarded-by: David Michael [ACLU attorney Ben Wizner may amend lawsuit to name Boeing as defendant
in Masri vs. George Tenet case.....dm]
  *Outsourcing: The CIA's Travel Agent*
  By Jane Mayer
  The New Yorker
  Monday 23 October 2006
    On the official Web site of Boeing, the world's largest aerospace
company, there is a section devoted to a subsidiary called Jeppesen
International Trip Planning, based in San Jose, California. The write-up
mentions that the division "offers everything needed for efficient,
hassle-free, international flight operations," spanning the globe "from
Aachen to Zhengzhou." The paragraph concludes, "Jeppesen has done it all."
    Boeing does not mention, either on its Web site or in its annual report,
that Jeppesen's clients include the C.I.A., and that among the international
trips that the company plans for the agency are secret "extraordinary
rendition" flights for terrorism suspects. Most of the planes used in
rendition flights are owned and operated by tiny charter airlines that
function as C.I.A. front companies, but it is not widely known that the
agency has turned to a division of Boeing, the publicly traded blue-chip
behemoth, to handle many of the logistical and navigational details for
these trips, including flight plans, clearance to fly over other countries,
hotel reservations, and ground-crew arrangements.
    The Bush Administration has defended the clandestine rendition program,
which began during the Clinton years, as an effective method of transporting
terrorists to countries where they can be questioned or held. Human-rights
activists and others have said the program's primary intent is to send
suspects to detention centers where they can be interrogated harshly, and
have criticized it as an illegal means of "outsourcing torture."
    A former Jeppesen employee, who asked not to be identified, said
    recently that he had been startled to learn, during an internal corporate
meeting, about the company's involvement with the rendition flights. At the
meeting, he recalled, Bob Overby, the managing director of Jeppesen
International Trip Planning, said, "We do all of the extraordinary rendition
flights-you know, the torture flights. Let's face it, some of these flights
end up that way." The former employee said that another executive told him,
"We do the spook flights." He was told that two of the company's trip
planners were specially designated to handle renditions. He was deeply
troubled by the rendition program, he said, and eventually quit his job. He
recalled Overby saying, "It certainly pays well. They" - the C.I.A. - "spare
no expense. They have absolutely no worry about costs. What they have to get
done, they get done."
    Overby, who was traveling last week, did not return several phone calls.
Mike Pound, the head of corporate communications for Jeppesen, said that he
would have no comment, and he added, "Bob Overby will have no comment as
well." Tim Neale, the director of media relations for Boeing's corporate
office in Chicago, said, "The flight-planning services we provide our
customers are confidential, and we do not comment publicly on any work done
for any customer without their consent." The C.I.A. had no comment.
    The British journalist Stephen Grey, in a new book, "Ghost Plane,"
    refers to documents obtained by Spanish law-enforcement officials, along
with flight logs, which indicate that international flight planners provided
essential logistical support for many of the C.I.A.'s renditions, including
that of Khaled el-Masri, a German car salesman who was apparently mistaken
for an Al Qaeda suspect with a similar name, in January of 2004. (Although
documents show that Jeppesen provided this support, Grey's book does not
mention the company.) Masri, who is a Muslim, was arrested at the border
while crossing from Serbia into Macedonia by bus. He has alleged in court
papers that Macedonian authorities turned him over to a C.I.A. rendition
team. Then, he said, masked figures stripped him naked, shackled him, and
led him onto a Boeing 737 business jet. Flight plans prepared by Jeppesen
show that from Skopje, Macedonia, the 737 flew to Baghdad, where it had
military clearance to land, and then on to Kabul. On board, Masri has said,
he was chained to the floor and injected with sedatives. After landing, he
was put in the trunk of a car and driven to a building where he was placed
in a dank cell. He spent the next four months there, under interrogation.
Masri was released in May, 2004, on the orders of Condoleezza Rice, then the
national-security adviser, after she learned that he had mistakenly been
identified as a terrorism suspect.
    Ben Wizner, an A.C.L.U. attorney who is representing Masri in his
    lawsuit against the former C.I.A. director George Tenet and private
companies, says that if Boeing can be proved to have played a role in
Masri's rendition the A.C.L.U. may amend the lawsuit to name the company as
a defendant.
    The American flight crew fared better than their passenger. Documents
show that after the 737 delivered Masri to the Afghan prison it flew to the
resort island of Majorca, where, for two nights, crew members stayed at a
luxury hotel, at taxpayers' expense.
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
