
@_date: 2001-04-02 17:55:19
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: DOJ steps up child porn fight, plan regulates digital cameras 
ya know this does sound like an april fools joke (esp. the part about
encouraging the photographer to enter into counseling.) but while working
for aol i remember companies trying to sell me on the concept of 'anti-porn'
pic filtering software.  it worked by looking for a high percentage of flesh
tones in a pic.  if the pic hit the min. level of flesh tone we could block
it from proxy servers, or filter it from kid view, etc.  worked essentially
like the satellite image processing software used to locate certain types of
flora or pollution, etc.  none of it was quick enough or reliable enough to
work properly (not sure about the current state of the art though).
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Ray Dillinger
Sent: Monday, April 02, 2001 5:18 PM
This is an April Fool, right?  Even if the tech existed, it would
require substantial processing power and there's no way they could
get it into cameras by... um, by April First ...
"Remember, Remember
 The fifth of november
 The gunpowder Treason and Plot.
 I see no reason
 The gunpowder treason
 should ever be forgot..."
Rhyme taught to twenty-second century british children, just
before detonating the charge under an effigy of a "Parliament
  --Time traveler's guide to seasonal celebrations.

@_date: 2001-04-02 23:30:38
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: DOJ steps up child porn fight, plan regulates digital  cameras 
i'll resist the urge to point out farm animal skin tones probably weren't
filtered, either. eieio.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Alan Olsen
Sent: Tuesday, April 03, 2001 12:00 AM
cypherpunks at cyberpass.net; fight-censorship at vorlon.mit.edu
Or that not all people are pink.
This sounds like an interesting descrimination suit waiting to happen. ]:>
"Your porn filter descriminates for people of color!"
alan at ctrl-alt-del.com | Note to AOL users: for a quick shortcut to reply
Alan Olsen            | to my mail, just hit the ctrl, alt and del keys.
    "In the future, everything will have its 15 minutes of blame."

@_date: 2001-04-05 02:53:14
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Did you ever notice?... 
'different' lawyers? perhaps you mean 'strange'?  "hey that lawyer doesn't
wear clothes at the office...that's different!  let me ask you a
constitutional question."
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Aimee Farr
Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2001 2:07 AM
 [has to be a better solution to all this "who wrote" stuff.]
I was coming from the giggle whereby he had SEVERAL different lawyers review
his plan, and it only cost him a FEW HUNDRED BUCKS. Clue.

@_date: 2001-04-06 20:25:21
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Secure NFS on Linux? 
actually the NSA Secure Linux program has that as an action item.  check out
  the thing to remember is that
'secure' in the SELinux project means implementing mandatory access control,
not producing a better disk encryption system or whatever.  btw, i've been
using the various builds of the system since the inception of the
program...i think it's worth the effort to try it out.  amazing how insecure
linux is out in the wild.

@_date: 2001-04-08 00:03:04
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Secure NFS on Linux? 
no, the nfs stuff is not finished, not sure if anyone has actually made any
serious progress on it yet.  as for portability, the entire work is based on
flask, so the security server is actually a kernel subsystem.  that means
it's pretty portable (for example, if you're upgrading to 2.4.2 you're ok).
many of the testers are using the red hat distro, i personally prefer

@_date: 2001-04-09 01:01:27
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Cypherpunks asked to help ICC with strong crypto 
the contrarian in me says:
this is a bizarre request.  the us and uk govs are already assisting both in
the tracking (physical and asset) and 'acquisition' of suspected criminals
(remember most of the serb suspects were captured by non-serb troops.)  i
suspect the us and uk would be quite interested in hearing the icc is
seeking assistance from an informal political/social crypto group in matters
of crypto...unless the icc doesn't trust the us and the uk (contradicting
the cooperation the icc has received from these countries.)  why would the
icc need strong crypto?  and having come from an NGO myself (the imf) i'm
not sure they would trust a social/policital group like cypherpunks.  or
maybe i'm completely wrong of course.
on the other hand:
perhaps the icc is seeking neutral crypto capabilities to maintain a level
of comfort that they won't be hampered by us/european political influences
as they perform their work. i hope whoever helps is more than an amateur
crypto expert though...i'm sure the work will require a little more than
applying AES to e-mails.  they will want/need secure communications
protocols (digital and procedural), trusted operating systems,
communications medium expertise, local communications infrastructure
expertise, banking and host nation information database familiarity, etc.
this is an entire team of people and in this case they have to be good
enough to stand up to the likes of the nsa, cia, mi-5, mi-6, russian
intelligence (i could go on for paragraphs). an interesting challenge to be
sure, but a significant challenge.

@_date: 2001-04-09 14:56:08
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: p-adic chaos in random number generation: reference materials avail? 
continuing my braid group theory/crypto research (see my jan. thread)...am
now working on problems of random number generation.  i've only recently
begun to explore p-adics, in the context of applying p-adic chaos to random
number generation. however i'm stretching the limits of my amateur
mathematics background and would appreciate help in finding (what I can't
seem to find myself): online and offline introduction to p-adics.

@_date: 2001-04-12 00:28:28
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
if the problem is about keeping ourselves out of trouble re: statements or
association with others on this list, I have some observations:
if defeating traffic analysis is important, hiding message headers and using
anonymizing services isn't going to help very much.  the existing newsgroup
system is trackable (even through anonymizing services).  The scenario:
someone watches mr. white.  mr. white xmits a message to anonymizing service
at 9:00pm.  at 9:03pm the service routes message to newsgroup.  unless the
message is encrypted for the anonymizing service, decrypted (to reveal
destination) by the anonymizing service, then delays delivery for a random
amount of time (5 mintues to 5 hours) to the true destination, the message
traffic or content could be pegged to a person.
...plus i don't fully trust anonymizing services because i haven't met the
individuals running them, and i've not seen the technology to know there
isn't a backdoor, etc.
potential solution: need an anonymizing service with encrypted inputs and
outputs, along with an encrypted gateway between the newsgroup and the
anonymous service.  perhaps several unrelated anonymizing services use the
newsgroup's public key and only xmits traffic to the newsgroup service using
that key...plus the key should change every week.  and no one should be able
to send messages directly to the newsgroup, even if the public key is known.
of course all messages sent to an anonymizing service should be signed using
the anonymizing service public key, and posters should not be allowed to
post to the same anonymizing service more than 3-4 times before switching
services.  this can be done if we drop the notion of using a single nym for
online messages.  btw, would not use PGP for the sigs, either.  we should be
doing exactly what govts do...use proprietary algorithms which aren't
published but are frequently changed.  there is enough expertise on this
list (i belive) to perform basic cryptanalysis on proposed algorithms, and
if we change the system frequently enough it would cause cryptanalysts a
tremendous headache -- becomes too expensive to manage if enough messages
are encrypted over time. we don't need to create a new AES...just need to
make sure there isn't ever enough traffic flow to crack one system before we
switch methods/systems. (yep i'm one of those who actually think it's not so
great to have publicly available algorithms...makes cryptanalysis much
easier even when an algo. is theoretically unbreakable.)
perhaps the lawyers in this group could provide a standard disclaimer which
we could all attach to our sig....you know, something along the lines of
'this message is part of an ongoing satire...don't sue me or take me
seriously...'  is this possible??  i assume probably not, but it's worth
isn't there something terribly anonymous about a huge mailing list like
this?  i mean if we all simply took care of ourselves and went to whatever
lengths we needed to protect our own identities, why complicate the mailing
if anyone is interested in exploring the first option above, i'd be willing
to offer design suggestions or assist in coordinating a red team exercise
against the system.  let me know.

@_date: 2001-04-13 01:34:11
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: wireless 802.11b fcc regs? 
does anyone know the fcc regs for broadcasting using 802.11a/b?  if you're
using the unlicensed spectrum (2.4 GHz) for xmit, do you need an fcc permit
to use the spectrum beyond a certain range?
I visited a company ( and purchased a point to multipoint
antenna system capable of xmitting 512Kbps-11MBps up to 15 mile range (they
have an unusual 45 degree directional antenna system -- works great.)
anyway, thinking of launching a free encrypted wireless data service in
washington dc area, but unsure of fcc regs regarding the use of 2.4GHz
spectrum (don't expect free = super robust.)  also, am in need of two
antenna points...would appreciate suggestions other than the north clock
tower at georgetown univ.

@_date: 2001-04-13 21:18:03
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
this could have been a cell transmitter (like a cell phone).  a digital
phone is very difficult to 'sweep' for, and the powersupply could be a
parallel string of small batteries providing several days of xmit power.
more battery conversation could be had using a voice operated microphone.
as for location identification, perhaps this configuration could use the
same cell phone triangulation techniques introduced a few years ago for 911
help (not gps based.)  just speculation of course.

@_date: 2001-04-16 13:25:13
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Message from a Parallel Universe 
agreed with the liberal use of the phrase "perceived value" when referring
to transaction motivations...this is exactly the basis for equities markets.
A company is not "worth $8.1Bn"...the "perceived value" of a company may be
$8.1Bn.  A company is technically worth two things: a) the physical assets
at current fair market price (assuming liquidation of assets) and b)
projected value of intellectual property, market momentum, customer lists,
marketing program efficacy, team competency, projected sales, and other
intangible items.  The latter of the two is what defines the market cap of
Tim, you recommended we search out for your prior articles...I've done that
and found a couple of things (the '97 conference paper on this topic was
most relevant) but I couldn't find a whole lot...please provide an url if
you have one... after reading what I did find, I've come to the conclusion
that "reputation" is not necessarily an issue for certain kinds of
transactions...I believe it's useful to define when/where reputation means a
- If i'm hiring a painter or plumber, referrals mean a lot.  anyone can push
a pain roller.  few of us know how to do it well.
- If i'm hiring a contract programmer...past work and working relationships
Where reputation of a transactive party doesn't realy mean a lot (or means
- napster.  I don't care who has the song I'm looking for...i'd download
from anyone (given the right bit rate, ping distance, connection type, etc.)
The product quality is judged by itself and my only potential 'downside' is
having spent a little time downloading a poorly encoded file...in which case
i delete the bad file and find someone else who has what i'm looking for.
- real life humint.  in this case, knowing the person is helpful, but not
important.  the key important factors are: a) is the intelligence valuable?
b) can it be verified via other sources? c) can i act on the intelligence
when i'm ready to act? d) can i control the information source?  in this
case you're necessarily dealing with people who you wouldn't trust by
definition.  the value of the relationship is maintained by how quickly the
contact is paid (unless ideologically motivated) and how consistently that
contact delivers.  but rating this information source is only useful to me
and my organization...i wouldn't share this information with a third party
'reputation credit system'.  I'm not a spy or a counter-spy so I'm only
guessing at these statements...but i think logically the above is true.
- when using an intermediary party to ensure the transaction terms were met.
in this case, the reputation of the transaction party is not important, it's
the reputation of the 3rd party intermediary.  and i don't believe this
means an "escrow" agent...it could be the financial institution guaranteeing
the funds (sort of like a letter of credit, but with verification of the
transaction details done by the bank.)  perhaps this means we would need to
have a new kind of 'bank' (or many banks) whose digital currency
incorporates triggers to ensure a transaction is completely smoothly and to
the favor of both parties (not sure how to deal with disputes though.)
- when the perceived value of the item is less than my level of acceptable
risk tolerance.  If i'm buying gum, I really don't care if i buy it from one
store or another.  i see the gum packaging looks right, the price is in the
right ballpark, then i buy it.
one other point:
the issues with "reputation credit reporting", etc. are being experienced in
some degree by ebay:
- ebay allows one to rate buyers/sellers.  if you receive negative feedback
for unfair reasons, you're stuck with that negative feedback...you can't
force ebay to change the feedback.
- ebay sellers will sometimes not sell to someone who is new or has no
feedback.  this encourages people to give each other positive feedback to
falsify their 'good reputation'.
finally, i think Tim's logic is right: don't try to come up with a complete
overhaul to the existing monetary system, just focus on the incremental
pieces.  in my opinion, infomarkets are the first best step...they're
digital, portable, somewhat protectable, and have value.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Tim May
Sent: Monday, April 16, 2001 12:33 PM
Like I've said recently (and years ago, too), the "economics of black
markets" is an interesting topic. One could even take out the "black"
loaded term and just refer to economics of markets, except that then
sounds like ordinary Econ 101.
An agent typically undertakes/completes a transaction when:
Benefits > Costs
or, elaborating, when:
[Perceived benefits] > [Perceived costs] plus some epsilon for hassle/effort
(This can be puffed out, or term re-written, with various subterms
reflecting actual prices, risks, costs of money, criminal penalties,
chance of detection, etc. I did this some years back, but don't have
the time right now to track down my article or to rewrite it. I hope
most readers get the picture and can fill in the blanks themselves.
Probably more useful to do that.)
"Perceived benefits" has the usual meaning. The agent may be wrong in
his calculation or estimate, but it is for him to make the best
overall estimate of what he can get out of the transaction. Perhaps
by using the thing he buys, perhaps by selling it to another,
"Perceived costs" are likewise his estimates of actual monetary cost,
risks to him (imprisonment, defection, bad deals) in the transaction,
etc. Into this side of the equation will go the possible law
enforcement issues. And maybe even "psychic costs" for buying
something illegal or unethical.
This is the sense in which black markets are simply markets. The
"costs" of being in the black market are simply more terms on the
cost side. Nothing new here, as black markets have been the norm in
most societies at most times, with the local thugs collecting some
percentage, etc.
For example, in the Napster case the actual monetary costs of
downloaded songs were zero (lacking MojoNation kinds of mechanisms).
The cost was partly bandwidth and sitting around waiting for
Metallica songs to download. There was also some slight cost to some
students at universities who were sanctioned for their Napster
habits. There was no "criminal cost," at least for the downloaders.
As another example, illegal drug users may put much heavier emphasis
on the criminal costs, i.e., the risk that they will be caught and
prosecuted, blah blah.
There are also the reputational issues such as we've been discussing.
These show up in the cost side as risks, actual costs to check credit
ratings, etc.
But still the Basic Equation stands:
Benefits > Costs
What Napster did was to alter several terms in the equation. What
cypherspace offers for, say, porn trading rings is the same thing.
Claims that transactions will simply "not happen" if some parts of
the equation get murkier than they might otherwise be are not
Markets clear, and cypherspace will change the terms in the equation
but not the equation itself.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay at got.net        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns

@_date: 2001-04-19 19:22:52
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: The Register - Major SMB crack 
the only open source operating system i've used (and continue to use) is
openBSD. linux is awful from a security standpointl.  the only downside is
the security profile of openbsd: if it's even kind of risky, it won't be
allowed to run.

@_date: 2001-08-02 16:05:35
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Pi 
this is truly interesting...do you have a link to the original 1996 paper?
do you know if anyone has incorporated this into a program?

@_date: 2001-08-06 14:46:34
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: RSA Factoring Challenge 
Is anyone working on the current RSA factoring challenge?  $10K prize for
factoring a 576-bit number; $200K for a 2048-bit number (other awards for
640, 704, 768, 896, 1024 and 1536-bit numbers.)  See this page for details:
They've provided me with the C source used to generate the numbers (though
not the BSafe toolkit you need to link into the program.)  Anyone can
receive the source by asking RSA for it.  I've decided to enter by using a
factoring program which makes guesses about what the prime number factors
are (by examining the last two digits, predicting the likely like of
one/both factors, using lists of prime numbers generated by a second
algorithm, etc.)  So far, barring errors in my logic and code (always a
possibility), I've completed a little over 5% of the "likely" candidates for
the 576-bit number in a little over 2 days using a single CPU pentium
III-600 with 512MB RAM.

@_date: 2001-08-06 16:03:28
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: "Space War" 
Two applications I've heard of:
1.  Here's an excerpt from a US Navy press release:
"Jim Trexler was Lorenzen's project engineer for PAMOR (PAssive MOon Relay,
a.k.a. 'Moon Bounce'), which collected interior Soviet electronics and
communication signals reflected from the moon."
URL: 2.  On another site: "...The new Liberty was a 455-foot-long spy ship
crammed with listening equipment and specialists to operate it. The vessel's
most distinctive piece of hardware was a sixteen-foot-wide dish antenna that
could bounce intercepted intelligence off the moon to a receiving station in
Maryland in a ten-thousand-watt microwave signal that enabled it to transmit
large quantities of information without giving away the Liberty's location.*
*The system, known as TRSSCOMM, for Technical Research Ship Special
Communications, had to be pointed at a particular spot on the moon while a
computer compensated for the ship's rolling and pitching. The computers and
the antenna s hydraulic steering mechanism did not work well together,
creating frequent problems."
URL:

@_date: 2001-08-06 16:13:09
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Apollo 11 - For all mankind 
I thought it would be useful to post the US Dept of State's link to the
actual outer space treaty:
The treaty section of interest to me is:
"...The establishment of military bases, installations and fortifications,
the testing of any type of weapons and the conduct of military maneuvers on
celestial bodies shall be forbidden. The use of military personnel for
scientific research or for any other peaceful purposes shall not be
prohibited. The use of any equipment or facility necessary for peaceful
exploration of the Moon and other celestial bodies shall also not be
this doesn't seem to expressly prohibit the activity referred to in the US
Navy press release I sent out earlier today, but at the same time the spirit
of the outer space treaty doesn't seem to support the navy/SIGINT
activities, either.

@_date: 2001-08-09 13:08:04
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Ybor City's face recognition cameras claim their first  
Why isn't automated video surveillance considered biometric?  Isn't the
point of biometric identification to reduce personally-identifiable features
into a code which can be easily stored and referenced computationally?  And
if so, this video surveillance system, with its automated face recognition
software, should be considered a form of biometric identification.  Further,
if the category "personal information" isn't just about medical history,
financial records, etc., shouldn't it include photographs and video and
voice?  Obviously the IBIA demonstrating naivety when it says biometrics are
simply "electronic code" and not personal information.
(which reminds me of a speaker at biotech 2001 who advocated the sharing of
all mri and xray images to futher research into computational biology -- as
for privacy "we'll figure it out later".)
The rest of the privacy policies of the IBIA
( are horribly off the mark as well.  What
about the concept of individual rights to provide/not provide data; insure
that the $7/hour rent-a-cop is monitored to make sure he isn't using data
illegally; insure data won't be used in applications/research not already
agreed-to in advance by the individual; individual right to not have
biometric information collected in the first place or even opt out of
existing databases, etc. etc.?

@_date: 2001-08-18 13:00:29
@_author: Zakas, Phillip 
@_subject: HA:  Feds patent onion routing (Was: Pentagon Hides Behind 
Michael Reed
I've been reading papers from the onion router project for several
years...since 1996??)  Since when were patents necessary to 'bring
technology to the public'?

@_date: 2001-08-18 13:00:29
@_author: Zakas, Phillip 
@_subject: HA:  Feds patent onion routing (Was: Pentagon Hides Behind Onion Wraps) 
Michael Reed
I've been reading papers from the onion router project for several
years...since 1996??)  Since when were patents necessary to 'bring
technology to the public'?

@_date: 2001-08-20 16:33:22
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition  
relevant links...
RS232 emanations (even while using shielded cables.)
Expansion of van eck's original work to go from the "tv tuning" model to
full digital conversion (from turkey):

@_date: 2001-08-21 18:41:46
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
isn't it easier to donate $$ to a political party and request an

@_date: 2001-08-24 22:24:19
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Top Firms Retreat Into Bunker To Ward Off 'Anarchists' 
The most sophisticated bunkers in the world are still vulnerable to the
average utility digging crew.

@_date: 2001-08-30 18:38:52
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
More importantly, the claims that safeweb/triangle boy actually works
may be misleading to the people who will rely on its claims of securely
circumventing government censorship in china.  The entire in/out bound
traffic for the system can be effectively blocked or monitored.  Plus
did it strike anyone as odd that the 'triangle boy' software, to be used
when access to safeweb.com is blocked, is downloaded from the
safeweb.com website?  I've not seen that software anywhere else and
frankly downloading/having that triangleboy software in itself is a dead
giveaway of suspicious activity isn't it?  I'm not as worried about US
citizens using the stuff in the usa, just concerned for chinese
dissidents using it in china.

@_date: 2001-08-31 01:14:15
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
The reality is that people like may and lists like this one that may
help your customers and investors understand what they are and aren't
getting.  For example, your investors probably don't realize that you
can't use zks tools for more than x% (I'm guessing 45%) of the us
consumer market right off the bat because of self-imposed operating
restrictions of your products (if you're not fully compatible with aol
mail and web browsing, you're missing much of your usa market...btw >85%
of aol users use the internal aol browser not an external browser so I
doubt they will figure out how to download let alone launch an external
browser and follow your arcane load/unload/re-load aol usage
instructions.)  plus investors probably aren't aware that limiting
outlook support to 'internet only' mode cuts your outlook customer base
quite a bit (I haven't seen the latest figures, but I believe a large
group of outlook users configure their software for corporate/workgroup
mode.)  and investors probably don't realize how complex (in my opinion)
the software is to set up and operate -- I'm disappointed that you've
not released usage figures that I could find easily on your website
(both downloads and average customer lifespan for the standard or
premium products)...are people rushing to use the products?  oh, and a
minor point, but how much further have you cut your market share by
focusing only on w2k, w98 and wme?  You should correct me if I've
mis-analyzed the info provided on the zks website.
Anyway I don't like criticizing products per se (every products has
weaknesses), but I do think criticisms lead to more aware
investors/customers and perhaps even better products in the future.  So
in a sense it's helpful to listen to commentary from may or lists like
this one.

@_date: 2001-02-01 16:56:55
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: The Register - There are still crypto reg's... 
This is one area where I think Microsoft worked around the export control
problem in a nice way.  By keeping the more secure keys available as a
separate download (via rsaenh.dll i believe), and isolating the key strength
.dll from the csp api .dll, they've managed to keep a simple and consistent
csp api.  If a customer needs a stronger key he/she can simply download the
stronger rsaenh.dll to get it -- without mucking around with the entire
crypto service.  Apple could have easily implemented a similar concept.
Apple is a pretty computer and everything, but there's so much to be desired
from their os programmers (not saying microsoft is the best, just saying the
mac os really stinks.)
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Jim Choate
Sent: Thursday, February 01, 2001 8:31 AM
hell at einstein.ssz.com
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-01 20:17:59
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: The Register - There are still crypto reg's... 
I completely concur there's a feedback loop problem, but its Apple's fault I
think.  I remember when the first MACs came out you had to pay $5K just for
the privilege of programming for it.  What numbskulls!  The intel platforms
were the first to encourage development because bios ref. guides were cheap
and most could afford the $100 of a pascal, c or asm compiler.  Plus the
intel-platform hw (ibm, compaq, etc.) was really designed to handle
multitasking and simultaneous networking/communications.  Apple only
recently started to get the hint and improve the hardware.
As for the P2P stuff, I think you're right here too: it should be everywhere
all the time. Every linux distro, etc. should include it.  That's a great
way to hit critical mass.  But I do think that a really useful app will find
its way across the internet.  Remember ICQ before AOL bought it?  It was one
of the few things that hit big and hit fast (partly because AOL's IM service
wasn't available yet.)  Napster hit the same way.  Gnutella was never the
kind of thing the average non-programmer 19 year old cares about so it has,
and will continue to have, a small user base.
As for the open source comments, I do believe Linux is a truly powerful
force, but I am skeptical that most of the people 'peer reviewing' code
actually know what they're talking about.  Do they really know what
threading is?  I'm always surprised to find script kiddies borrowing code
frankenstein-style ('frankensteining code' in my own description) to piece
together really poor stuff that 'works' but not very well.  I'm less worried
about malicious code in linux than I worry about getting code that works.
In contrast openbsd has a more targeted programmer base and seems to be
developing in a more stable fashion.  Anyway I'll continue to work with
linux because i recognize the market drives technology but i do wish we'd
find better programmers for linux.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Ray Dillinger
Sent: Thursday, February 01, 2001 7:08 PM
There's kind of a feedback loop here; Windows achieved critical
mass and Apple didn't.  Hence, MS can afford to hire lots more
engineers to work on their CRAPPY os than Apple can hire to work
on their mediocre os.  So, after a while, Windows got better than
the MacOS.
I remember how hard Win3.11 sucked compared to MacOS 5.  But once
true multitasking was under WinNT3.51, it was about Neck-and-neck
for quality with MacOS 7.  And like Mr. Zakas, I'm pretty convinced
that even though MacOS 10 has true multitasking, it has definitely
fallen behind WinNT 4.
ObCryptoStuff; this same kind of "critical mass" phenomenon
affects lots and lots of the stuff we're looking at.  Freenet,
Mojo Nation, Napster, Gnutella, Digital Cash, etc, even PGP and
GPG - All have a value that depends directly on how many other
people are using them. If they don't grow beyond a certain
threshold size, they remain less useful than the disk space they
occupy.  But where is the threshold and when is it passed?
And how do you get there?
If P2P agents were distributed with a couple of the major linux
distributions (say Red Hat and SuSE) they'd probably achieve
critical mass fairly fast (especially if they were set up and
configured during install, the way Apache increasingly is).
And if they were opensource, they'd probably get into ALL linux
distributions within a few years.
But so far most of the people doing P2P are trying to make a buck
off of it, so with the exception of gnutella, there aren't open-
source agents.

@_date: 2001-02-02 00:51:32
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Mac vs. PC religious war claims 
Ok I'm honestly not interested in a religious war (your term).  I will
clarify my earlier comments.  For me this issue is really about developing
and keeping market momentum and the impact poor momentum has on the
evolution of a computer line -- if Apple were as big in the market as
intel-based stuff we'd probably have better apple hw and sw.  This is the
feedback loop problem in my opinion.
Putting up barriers to development makes no sense when launching a computer.
The $5K license I referred to was required as late as 1992 (when I purchased
one for an app I wrote and sold commercially), and yes was eventually
dropped.   But by then the damage of:
- going after the K-12 education market rather than the colleges and
business schools...
- focusing on 'cool' and the niche graphic markets...
- charging developers to develop and sell apps for the mac...
...had really taken their toll.  I'm not sure, but I don't think Apple ever
received more than 15% market share, right?  Apple had many innovative
products but they rarely evolved beyond the cpu and beyond simply adding new
features or network cards, etc. (except for the messagepad which evolved
quickly then suddenly died).
I think early policies regarding developers really matter in a computer
product launch.  In contrast to apple which always had a relatively closed
and proprietary system (if you remember, apple didn't release hw and io
details), IBM opened up the BIOS calls almost immediately leading to TSRs,
etc.  Plus apple always discouraged clones (except for a brief period), so
all innovation had to come from apple and the apple team is focused on
consumers and not on, say, scientists and data centers so
development/evolution was designed to please consumers. In contrast, the
intel platforms always enjoyed clones (esp. after ibm began to license bios)
and now we have dozens of specialty vendors creating motherboards, network
cards, memory busses, etc. for intel platforms.  There are way more vendors
supporting and programming for the intel platform than the apple platform as
a result (I think anyway).
As for the multitasking stuff, I agree efficient multitasking is handled by
the OS, but there's more to it than the OS alone.  Nice HW has the design to
handle several devices at once with the goal of efficiently interacting with
the OS/apps.  I might be wrong, but one environment this becomes clear is
not the home, but the data center.  My point of reference is this: I spent
months working with a TV network and Apple Computer trying to get a large
number of G3s to efficiently scale to handle a large streaming media event.
It didn't work very well because the Macs couldn't be strung together in the
way you can cluster other platforms; each machine couldn't handle their
ethernet interfaces very efficiently (less than 20% efficiency was common --
try it yourself on your laptops) and the units burned a lot of time
constructing/deconstructing tcp connections (which was likely a tcp/ip stack
and/or multithreading problem), and of course apple lacks an application
server making management and scalability pretty difficult.  I tried to pull
the G3s into service because i'm a fan of the open source release of the
Apple quicktime streaming media material (very nice quality).  And I was
disappointed I couldn't scale the G3s (despite the help from apple and
others).  Maybe things have changed in the last 12 months, but I'm not sure
about that (maybe my desgin for the streaming center was bad but the
alternative design works well today).
Look I hate the whole mac/pc debate because it's not interesting to me.  but
I do think there were mistakes/decisions made early on which have made apple
what it is today in the marketplace.  as for some of the technical
challenges I'm not sure this list is the right forum to respond but i could
provide concrete foundations for some of my generalizations (and I suspect
that would be terribly boring for the others on this list).
btw gag me with a spoon? :)
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Tim May
Sent: Thursday, February 01, 2001 9:31 PM
I don't buy this. I was at Intel when the first Macs came out, I had
many friends who programmed Macs, and I myself used some of the early
(c. 1986) tools like Lightspeed C. The 3-volume (then 4-volume, then
5, etc.) set of books on programming the Mac was widely available,
and was inexpensive.
If by "first came out" you only mean "early 1984," you are possibly
right. But this is highly misleading, as by late 1985 and into '86
the tools were widely available.
This all compares favorably with what was happening the DOS world
(where, by the way, the only tools in the first year or two of the PC
were the built-in BASIC, akin to what Apple was offering in the Apple
II in 1979, the p-system from UCSD (good luck!), and the CPM-86
system. Of the three, PC-DOS, the p-system, and CPM-86, only DOS
succeeded. Ergo, all "programming tools" were the scraps and pieces
of crud related to DOS. Which, for the first few years of DOS, were
What was happening in the DOS world at this time, at the time of the
introduction of the Mac? Well, I also used to subscribe to the
various PC mags of the day, including "PC Technical Journal." This
was the "premier" PC programming journal of its day. (Other tidbit
sources being "Dtack Grounded" and other semi-underground pubs.)
Was the Mac harder to program? Probably. Was a Mac app more usable
(more capable, more consistent) than the equivalent PC app of the
day? One guess, and the only correct answer is "That's why MS came
out with Windows."
(BTW, I had Windows 1.0 before I bought my first Mac, a Mac Plus. Gag
me with a spoon. I also had Windows 2.0, only _slightly_ better. It
was not until Windows 3, particularly 3.1, arrived that Windows
became usable. Do the math on what had passed for PC programming
prior to this.)
This is nonsense. Where do I begin?
Multitasking is an OS feature, present in Windows only in recent
years. A PC with an Intel processor running DOS is no more capable of
"multitasking" than a Mac running an early Mac OS. The Intel line is
not magically more multitasking-capable than the Motorola line. Look
at the early Sun machines based on the 68000 and 68010 for but one
As for networking and communications, you are out to lunch. Ethernet
has been available, at a price, for many years on the Mac. In the
last _several_ years, it has been the default on nearly all Macs.
And for routine usage, all Macs since the earliest days have had
usable local area networking. LocalTalk, MacTalk, whatever the jargon
of the day.
My Windows friends are thrilled when they get Ethernet cards working.
I've had it built-in for many years. All of my Macs have been
networked, first with LocalTalk, later with Ethernet, for many years.
Wireless AirPort is now built in to most new Macs.
My G4 Mac, my iBook, and my G3 Wall Street Powerbook all have built
in Ethernet (mostly 10/100). They also have built in IEEE
1394/FireWire, USB, all the usual stuff.
I don't like Mac vs. PC religious wars, but I cannot allow
misrepresentations like the above to stand unchallenged. You,
Phillip, should be ashamed of yourself.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         tcmay at got.net        Corralitos, California
Political: Co-founder Cypherpunks/crypto anarchy/Cyphernomicon
Technical: physics/soft errors/Smalltalk/Squeak/agents/games/Go
Personal: b.1951/UCSB/Intel '74-'86/retired/investor/motorcycles/guns

@_date: 2001-02-02 00:54:33
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: CypherPunks anti-License (CPL) 
I'd include something along the lines of:
'use the code at your own risk.  No warranties expressed or implied.  This
is the entire warranty and supercedes anything else you might have heard or
read about this code. The code might work or it might not.  it might include
stolen or 'borrowed stuff' and it might not.'
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Adam Back
Sent: Thursday, February 01, 2001 10:52 PM
Some may recall the "cypherpunks license" debate back in 1998 and
continuing for a few hundred posts with contributions from Richard
Stallman, Eric Raymond, Eric Young, and numerous others.
It starts around here (a little before, but the threading doesn't go
back past subject line change).
(The search tool on  doesn't
seem to work for pairs of words.  But google will find lots of
"cypherpunks license" on inet-one.)
So I was releasing some source code I wrote a couple of days ago, and
it struck me that perhaps it might be fun to try doing what was
discussed back then, and put a license on it which explained the
motivations and made the thing a little more free than putting it in
the public domain.  (I so far have put no license at all on anything
I've released).
So here's a cypherpunks license proposal.
Generally it's a statement of how things would be if there were no IP
laws governing copyright and related licensing, and an attempt to
allow people to act as close to as if such laws did not exist given
current laws.  In addition for people who publish anonymously, and
consume anonymously it avoids making silly claims based on force
monopoly backed legal constructs which couldn't be applied to an
anonymous actor.
It tries to say:
- you can do what you want with this, and I can't change my mind about
  these terms for this copy
- I won't attack you in court for IP related laws
- you can redistribute it under other licenses
- you can claim you wrote it
- you can advertise it anyway you like
- copyright isn't compatibile with privacy, and anyway needs to die.
- you don't have to send me patches
This is not to say a distributor would necessarily like all of these
things but it acknowledges that he would not able to enforce these
things in an IP law free world.  Instead such requests are recognised
for what they are -- requests only.
I'm not sure about the implications of the fact that the author could
change his mind, and/or distribute different copies of the same under
different licenses.  Presumably if someone has a copy you released
with the statement that it is in the public domain, and that you won't
revoke that, you can't then do anything to them in a court afterwards
relating to their use or further distribution.
The acronym is a little bit of a stretch, but I thought it would be
more easily fit into the GPL, MPL pattern and so be recognised as to
do with licensing.
It struck me after a while that it was not a license because a license
presumes you have some right to exert control.  So I used
anti-license.  It's a notice that the work is placed into the public
domain together with a pledge about behavior to expect from the
Also notice that the person making the pledge is not called the
licensor (as it isn't a license), and also not the author as the
distributor doesn't have to be the author.  The CPL presumes people
will distribute collections of things where they are not the author,
copyright holder, and are barred under existing laws from distributing
There's also this crappy law against illegal contracts, which may
easily affect this in some circumstances.
Also there is the requests clause.  It tries to say that the CPL
distributor won't enforce in court his requests.  This seems
reasonable enough otherwise that would violate the spirit of the CPL,
and would anyway not be a request, but more a threat.
And of course the CPL is itself distributed under the CPL, so anyone
can change it, call the changed versions whatever they want etc.
I suppose the only reasonable request to place on the CPL would be to
mark modified versions as modified to avoid confusion, so that people
know what they're referring to.
Well here we go... comments solicited.
Below in text, or here:
      (I may edit this as things occur to me, or people comment on things).
Cypherpunks anti-License
The intent of the Cypherpunks anti-License (CPL) is to inform users
that they are free to use and redistribute the indicated work or any
derived or modified work in any manner they choose. Works distributed
under the CPL are in the Public Domain.
The CPL is not a license, it does not require the user to do or not do
anything; the user does not agree to any terms, because there are no
terms, and the user does not need to do anything to indicate
acceptance or rejection of the CPL.
Non Litigation
The CPL serves to pledge to the user that the distributors will behave
in a manner consistent with the non-existance of Intellectual Property
(IP) laws as far as they are able. The distributors will not use or
participate as far as they are able to government legal systems to
attempt to enforce requests restricting the use, modifications, or
redistribution of the work for perpetuity. The distributor may prefer
to be anonymous to preclude attempts to coerce them into enforcing IP
laws relating to this work against their will.
The work may be distributed with some distributor requests in addition
to the CPL. The distributor pledges similarly to not attempt to use IP
laws to enforce these requests.
Users choosing to redistribute this work may change anything about the
work, including distributing it under a different license, and adding
or removing previous distributors requests.
The CPL is completely liberal. Here are some examples of implications
of this which are not true for many licenses. The user can
redistribute the work or a derived or modified work
   * under a different license of their choosing
   * with or without source code as they choose
   * without acknowledging the distributors or authors
   * with false or innaccurate claims about authorship of the work
   * advertise without acknowledging the authors
Requests can be arbitrary, but are requests only. Example of requests
that the distributor may choose to make:
   * that improvements to the work be drawn to the distributors attention
   * that improvements to the work be released back to the distributor
     under the CPL
   * that the distributors name not be used to advertise derived works
     without the distributors approval
Legacy Considerations
The distributor may choose to inform the user of his opinion of the IP
status of the work, for example by identifying any IP law restricted
aspects such as the copyright holders of parts or the whole of the
work, trademark owners of trademarks used in the work, potentially
applicable patents on algorithms or ideas contained in the work, but
the distributor is not obliged to do so and takes no responsibility
for the accuracy of such information.
The CPL is written from a mindset which derides the very concept of
Intellectual Property restrictions as being incompatible with a free
Cryptographically assured anonymity and anonymous use of Internet
resources mean that denizens of cypherspace can ignore copyright,
licenses attempting to control use and distribution of works, and
patents on ideas. It is not possible to enforce IP laws by calls to
government legal systems when the flaunter is strongly anonymous.
The enforcement of IP law and anonymity are in direct conflict. To
fully enforce IP laws, anonymity would have to be
outlawed. Cypherpunks believe this would be a bad thing, because
control of information imparts power, and anonymity gives individuals
control over disclosure of information about themselves and their

@_date: 2001-02-05 13:56:53
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: War On Drugs Targets Tech 
well-earned levity on this topic:
Metric System Thriving In Nation's Inner Cities...

@_date: 2001-02-05 16:22:28
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: excellent quote 
one for the quote pages...
"Advocacy and belief go hand in hand. For there can be no true freedom of
mind if thoughts are secure only when they are pent up." -- US Justice
William O. Douglas (served from 1939 - 1975 as associate justice of us
supreme court).
(quote stolen entirely from the current Cisco Packet magazine

@_date: 2001-02-05 17:08:16
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: CNN.com - Technology - New notebooks offer biometric protection - February 2, 2001 
yes, and even if you're using a c2-compliant operating system, this type of
technology is not (as the article points out) for sensitive information.
It's great for thwarting those who go around bypassing screen saver
passwords, etc. but there really isn't a high enough confidence to store the
The Nation's Secrets.
The Nation's Secrets are reserved for off-the-shelf toshiba laptops with
removable hard drives, easily lost behind standard-issue-one-each office
copiers and subject to the tragedy of spilled coca colas and jelly donuts.
Only crack state department, CIA and department of energy personnel are even
allowed to use such equipment and the little red diskettes marked 'secret'
that go along with them.  Oh and of course only if they access AOL through
the laptops so their kids can complete their dinosaur homework assignments
("Gee dad, what's 'intel briefing 2-1-98.doc'?")
the rest of us are left to complicated systems of hardware/software
passwords, PGP and the all-powerful stress of knowing that a lost laptop
means lost bucks $$ and lost e-mail/work/writings, forcing us to pay
attention to our stuff and be careful about what we install/use on our
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Jim Choate
Sent: Monday, February 05, 2001 3:43 PM
If all you use the biometrics for is authentication then yes, physical
control of the machine will allow a bypass of the technology. However, if
you use it also for the key to the file system then it becomes much more
secure. As I understand it there is no file system level protection
offered through this technology at this time.
It is a start howerver...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-05 18:08:54
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: anonymity 
doubtful.  they probably receive the email at the destination then alert the
chain-of-jurisdiction for investigation. count me as a technical skeptic of
an 'untargeted' echelon program.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Mac Norton
Sent: Monday, February 05, 2001 5:12 PM
Intercepted by the CIA?  Do they regularly pre-screen POTUS's
incoming international e-mail, or what?

@_date: 2001-02-06 00:17:51
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: fast way to decode RSA encryption 
I spent a little bit of time studying this approach.  I know Rivest is
dismissing it, but from a computational perspective it's more efficient in
terms of clock cycles than trying to factor a number using
multiplication/division (at least using the Pentium chip.)  Here is a link
detailing pentium clock cycles for various instructions:
You'll see that the instructions for loading 8-bit values and performing an
XOR, shift and compare is pretty low (<25 clock cycles on paper anyway).
The clock cycles for an average multiplication is in the tens-to-hundreds of
clock cycles.  It's a bit more difficult to calculate the clock cycles for
larger values, but in principle this should engage much fewer clock cycles
than traditional factoring techniques. If this isn't a true crack as Rivest
claims, it's at least a (computationally) faster factoring technique.
Perhaps this is the way to more quickly win the next DES-cracking challenge.
Is my analysis off-base?? I've contacted the amateur mathematician to see if
we can obtain more info.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Alan Olsen
Sent: Monday, February 05, 2001 4:43 PM
Yep.  Slashdot has a quote from Ron Rivest on why it is not a break or a
big deal.  (The method works, but it is *slower* than factoring.)
alan at ctrl-alt-del.com | Note to AOL users: for a quick shortcut to reply
Alan Olsen            | to my mail, just hit the ctrl, alt and del keys.
    "In the future, everything will have its 15 minutes of blame."

@_date: 2001-02-06 12:09:08
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: anonymity 
hmmm.  Three comments about zeroknowledge's anonymous e-mail (the conclusion
is 'so what'?):
1. do they understand networks? ZK seems to implement the right kind of
encryption (ian goldberg is good at that, we assume this from his history,
[btw has he actually performed cryptanalysis in live environments?]); I
don't know who's designing the network, do you?  Does zk traffic traverse
public networks (via VPN or otherwise)?  Do these networks collect packet
data (to, say, analyse attacks)?  Do they stagger packet transmissions to
confuse origin and destination?  Do they only broadcast real data and no
masking data?  And if they properly conceal data how well do they scale?
With all the encryption of traffic, etc. ZK's adoption by isps, etc. etc. is
a scalability question.
2. is their e-mail system really anonymous? if i were a known bad actor, le
might be capturing data from my pc or my isp or my phone company directly.
why bother worming through zk networks?  oh, and if someone could respond to
you via your anonymous zk e-mail address, isn't that an
instantaneous-tag-the-sender tool for le?  Gee, let's see the recipe for
this...serve zk a search warrant, map zk address 'A' to e-mail address 'B'
and there you have it: easier than instant jello pudding.  Nice system for
anonymizing traffic to companies, bad system if you're trying to get away
with something you shouldn't.
3. questionable adoption of anonymous e-mail.  zk is in what's known in the
finance world as a 'land grab'...move as many people as possible into your
turf, shutting down the competition, then upsell your customers later.  but
zk doesn't have the cash to market anonymous e-mail to consumers directly
(most of whom don't care about this feature anyway)...and i can't think of a
reasonable business justification for a company to use such a service.  so
i'll go out on a limb and predict now that anonymous email is going to be
nearly impossible for them to sell to more than 1/2 of 1% of the world.
plus would you want to receive anonymous e-mail?  i prefer filtering my
e-mail based on sender.  though i suppose one could send a pgp key along
with the message, but that's as good as an id as you can get (better than
actual e-mail address i'd say).
4. ZK is a commercial entity, ergo cooperation with everyone.  I'm sure they
have IPO plans.  They claim IBM as a partner (actually IBM is selling them
stuff, but these days anyone who sells you equipment is a 'partner'...I see
this every day).  If a grandma in illinois is going to invest in their
company when it goes public, is she going to be happy that drug dealers,
stalkers and pedophiles use this network?  I don't think so.  I'm sure there
are contingency plans for 'revealing' activity when served with a subpeona
and/or a search warrant.  Otherwise grandma won't invest and won't allow her
pension fund to invest in the company. (see point 2 above).
5. Is ZK a spammers tool?  If truly secure and anonymous, etc. etc. etc. why
couldn't the spam king use it? If it is a spammers tool will ZK be
blackholed?  I can already imagine aol and others blocking ZK traffic to
minors, and perhaps adding it to it's 'dangerous data origins' list, meaning
it will appear on an anti-spam list.
6. If I was really concerned by received threats via zk, I would I would
simply reject all in-bound traffic from ZK.  anyway, see point 2 above
I don't believe a commercial entity, especially a US-based one with IPO
plans, can market themselves as a full anonymizing service for e-mail.
Their real value, it seems to me, is enforcing privacy rights with respect
to cookies. but anonymous proxies do the job just fine for this.  They can't
anonymize e-commerce transactions (how would you buy a book?, etc.  I don't
see the business value in encrypting and anonymizing e-mail in a general
sense (where's the business model?)
I think anonymous e-mail is best achieved through a cooperative,
non-commercial program of unaffiliated individuals (with no commercial
worries, and lots of jurisdictions around the world), or by simply
purchasing pre-paid internet access, or if i were a wealthy bad actor find a
more expensive solution.
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Mac Norton
Sent: Monday, February 05, 2001 5:12 PM
Intercepted by the CIA?  Do they regularly pre-screen POTUS's
incoming international e-mail, or what?
analysis.  Since chain of evidence is useless for ZKS messages (if you
ZKS) only TA could finger the sender.  Any takers?

@_date: 2001-02-07 16:45:14
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: anonymity 
i see your point.  by 'targeted' in my comment, i meant looking for
transmissions from a particular person.  i suppose 'targeted' could also
mean looking at messages sent to a particular destination.
my specific comment is simply that I don't believe that either the
competency or the computing power necessary to watch every financial
transaction ($16T/day), fax, e-mail, phone call, ssl connection, etc. exists
in the areas we might think it exists.  whereas i do believe it's feasible
to track traffic to/from servers (and other destinations/data origins).
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Ray Dillinger
Sent: Tuesday, February 06, 2001 11:17 AM
Regularly intercepting POTUS' international email is hardly
"untargeted".  I figure that's probably a fairly routine, if
small, part of Echelon.
POTUS = "President Of The United States" for all who aren't
up on spook jargon.

@_date: 2001-02-12 19:55:27
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: [Re: Slashdot | Michigan May Outlaw Anonymity Online] 
I'm sure everyone here feels as enraged by this nonsense as I do. why don't
they try to be a little more creative in catching the bad guys?  are
pedophiles and other bad guys so stupid as to actually sign-up for free isp
service with their real names and credit card numbers?  (well perhaps by
fiat they are incredibly stupid)
if you know the suspect's online user name, why not force a local update of
the dialer app or 'call to' phone number in the case of the win dialer app,
and have the suspect dial into a toll-free exchange?  this reveals the
number used to originate the call (even if you have the caller-id block
enabled...this is just part of the way toll-free calls work).  these calls
could be matched by login logs to figure out who in real life is the user.
at least one major isp does this today and it works well, and conforms to
requirements for warrants (not a lawyer, but i know this only happens if an
appropriate legal document is issued).
if you know the suspect in real life, a phone tap will include the number
being called (even electronically), handshaking, etc.  plus one could
capture data revealing sites visited, etc.  it takes work to decode this
information, but it's very good information.
seeing this story motivated me to donate more money to eff.org and epic.org.
and i'm more convinced than ever for the need to start my own private isp
and data repository.  although, to be honest, the fear of pedophiles using
my own anonymous isp forces me to consider a 'web of trust' model in which
only the invited can participate.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of LUIS VILDOSOLA
Sent: Monday, February 12, 2001 4:15 PM
You can't expect to have privacy from ghosts,
but ghosts can only scare fertile/isolated minds.
Get free email and a permanent address at

@_date: 2001-02-17 23:29:07
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Mohammed gets Miranda, praise Allah 
hmm.  does this mean le/intelligence agencies will soon need to have a
warrant to perform wiretaps on overseas communications?  And if no warrant,
can collected evidence eventually be disallowed if foreign suspects are
brought to us courts?  slippery slope.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of George at Orwellian.Org
Sent: Saturday, February 17, 2001 9:47 PM
#    February 17, 2001
#    Judge Extends Legal Rights Beyond U.S.
#    By BENJAMIN WEISER
#    A federal judge in Manhattan has ruled that foreign suspects
#    who are interrogated abroad by American law enforcement officials
#    are entitled to the same Fifth Amendment right against
#    self-incrimination as suspects who are questioned in the United
#    States.
#    The decision, which was unsealed yesterday in Federal District
#    Court in Manhattan, is the first to apply the Constitutional
#    standard to such interrogations, wrote the judge, Leonard B.
#    Sand. It could have a broad impact on the government's
#    investigations abroad, particularly in terrorism cases.
#    Judge Sand also ruled that the familiar Miranda warnings, which
#    are traditionally read to all suspects in the United States,
#    must also be administered to foreign suspects who are interrogated
#    by American agents abroad.
#    "What he has done," said H. Richard Uviller, a law professor
#    at Columbia University, "is universalized this provision of the
#    Bill of Rights."
#    Professor Uviller said the decision was "significant insofar
#    as it controls the trial of accused foreign terrorists in American
#    courts."
#    "They are treated almost exactly as if the interrogation had
#    taken place at One Police Plaza," the professor said.
#    "It's a sound opinion," he added, "on a novel subject justified
#    by all of the best authority, as well as good sense."
#    The government will not appeal the ruling, said Herbert Hadad,
#    a spokesman for the United States attorney's office in Manhattan,
#    who refused further comment.
#    The judge found the question important because of the "increasing
#    regularity" with which American law enforcement officials "are
#    dispatched and stationed beyond our national borders."

@_date: 2001-02-17 23:32:59
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Music/Harddrives 
isn't that why we have napster? anyway at least we can enjoy 100% pure us
grade a beef here. ;)
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Anonymous
Sent: Saturday, February 17, 2001 7:53 PM
Yes, but can you get King Missile _Happy Hour_, the compilation that
contains the classic song "Detachable Penis"?

@_date: 2001-02-20 19:06:27
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: The Key Vanishes: Scientist Outlines Unbreakable Code 
if this is true ($100K to launch) I'd help defray some of this cost just as
a mechanism to distribute/manage my own keys.  but i suspect the satellite
itself is pretty expensive.  when I looked into this a few years back the
annual management of a satellite was about $250K.  I assume it's less
expensive now?  also key management can be handled from the ground pretty
well.  i wouldn't use the satellite as the source of the key, i'd use it as
a kind of reflector instead.
instead of launching a dedicated satellite why not rent time on several
existing satellites and use them as reflectors?  it's a lot less expensive
and key management can be handled from the ground.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Jim Choate
Sent: Tuesday, February 20, 2001 5:46 PM
Look into experimental rocketry and 'can satellites' (there's a link on /.
about the later). The cost to put a bird in space is probably around
$100k right now.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-21 00:29:19
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: The Key Vanishes: Scientist Outlines Unbreakable Code 
that's a pretty interesting proposal...check out:
 ...this describes how gps
satellites are synched to a universal time clock at one of the labs.
also check out:  ...this describes
using the gps timing cycles to test latency of atm networks.
as far as how random these bits are, i don't know if the entropy is very
good, and i don't know if the # of bits is enough to encrypt a message.  if
the jitter is identical for all 27 gps satellites at the same moment, those
bits could be used to define a starting point of a series of random bits in
an otp (like a cd-based otp, etc. but hopefully something better than that.)
for example two machines could be set to agree in advance to use the bits
received from gps jitter at a particular moment in time to compute the
starting sequence of an otp i suppose.
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at minder.net]On Behalf Of Phillip H. Zakas
Sent: Tuesday, February 20, 2001 7:06 PM
if this is true ($100K to launch) I'd help defray some of this cost just as
a mechanism to distribute/manage my own keys.  but i suspect the satellite
itself is pretty expensive.  when I looked into this a few years back the
annual management of a satellite was about $250K.  I assume it's less
expensive now?  also key management can be handled from the ground pretty
well.  i wouldn't use the satellite as the source of the key, i'd use it as
a kind of reflector instead.
instead of launching a dedicated satellite why not rent time on several
existing satellites and use them as reflectors?  it's a lot less expensive
and key management can be handled from the ground.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Jim Choate
Sent: Tuesday, February 20, 2001 5:46 PM
Look into experimental rocketry and 'can satellites' (there's a link on /.
about the later). The cost to put a bird in space is probably around
$100k right now.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-23 14:06:15
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: The Key Vanishes: Scientist Outlines Unbreakable Code 
Actually, I don't know if they are still adding jitter.  The original thread
was started by someone else who proposed using jitter.  I believe the
commercial GPS systems are currently limited to 30ft resolutions (the
resolution can be improved futher by processing the output of several gps
-----Original Message-----
Of Sampo Syreeni
Sent: Thursday, February 22, 2001 10:13 AM
[Snip on GPS randomization]
Are you sure they are still adding jitter to GPS?
Sampo Syreeni , aka decoy, student/math/Helsinki university

@_date: 2001-01-07 18:34:43
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
RE: actual cell phone buying experiences in Europe...
In Greece you can purchase a GSM cell phone with smart card reader for cash
(sometimes free if you purchase a smart card along with the phone)...no
address, phone number, etc. required to receive the phone.  Smart cards with
pre-set values (usually $5, $10 and $25 worth in Greek drachmas) are
purchased in cash via the thousands of corner kiosks or at electronics
stores, etc.  Again, no name, phone number, address, etc. required to
purchase smart cards.
The Greek GSM cell phones are useable across all of Europe, including the UK
and Eastern Europe, Russia, etc.  Plus the phones can be modified to
interact with Voicestream's US GSM-type service (I've been told, not
experienced first hand).
Phillip Zakas
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of montag montag
Sent: Sunday, January 07, 2001 1:07 PM
Please post the actual experiences about obtaining a
pre-paid cell phone (aka "mobile" in the less
world) without revealing any (correct) identifying
such as address, telephone no, name, etc.
I know that it can be done in Canada. Unsure about US,
UK and the rest of europe.
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Photos - Share your holiday photos online!

@_date: 2001-01-08 03:10:55
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
Just a minor correction to the below posting: cell phone locations are NOT
calculated using GPS.  They're triangulated via the three nearest cell sites
reading the cell phone signal.  Accuracy is much lower than with GPS, but
good enough for cops to, say, find a stranded motorist on a highway.  I
believe resolution is somewhere around 40 meters in densely populated areas
(where there are many cell phone towers).  This resolution figure varies
from region to region.
GPS, as you know, relies on the satellite GPS system which requires special
electronics and antenna systems that neither US-based (cdma, tdma, etc.) nor
Europe-based (GSM) nor Japan based cell phone systems incorporate into cell
phones.  The only system which MAY have included GPS (but I don't think they
included it though they could have) was IRIDIUM, which is now used by the US
Navy and US Special Forces units for remote communications...yes IRIDIUM is
still alive and kicking.  Turns out their satellite-to-satellite
communication, which uses direct laser communication, is pretty secure. :)
IMHO, the real privacy issue with cell phones is the security of a
conversation.  Digital cell phones use padded encryption keys which
effectively dummy down overall encryption.  If you cryptanalyze a
transmission you'll find a nice, consistent pad of zeros in every key (how
thoughtful to make the padding so consistent!)
phillip zakas
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Ray Dillinger
Sent: Monday, January 08, 2001 12:59 AM
On the larger purchases, the costs drop down to the forty-cents-a-minute
range.  Totally worth it if you really *need* anonymity on the phone.
Of course, anonymity is relative; these phones have built-in GPS chips
for 911 calls, and these are activated from the central office, not by
a 911-sensing circuit in the handset.  IOW, it is not impossible for
someone with the right gear and knowhow to query the phone for its
exact latitude and longitude at any moment when it's in use.  (I don't
know whether it can be queried when it's switched off, nor if so whether
removing the main batteries will stop it).  So if you're into hard
anonymity, keep it inside a faraday cage when you're not using it and
don't use it from inside your own dwelling.
Faraday cages don't have to be fancy; a fruitcake tin will usually do.

@_date: 2001-01-08 11:39:50
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
I don't believe cell phones can be queried while they're off.  The phone has
to xmit a pulse (to hear a pulse, crank up your PC speakers, turn on your
cell phone and place it within 3 inces of a speaker...you'll hear the
speakers produce static at a regular interval [about every 30 seconds or so
with my startac]).  In an unscientific study, I've placed my cell phone,
turned off, next to the speakers and not heard the familiar pulse.  Also
since you posed the question I ripped open my recently acquired Motorolla
Timeport.  Not seeing any activity in the xmit circuitry when the battery is
plugged in and the power is turned off.  Of course I'm having trouble
putting the case back on the phone correctly but I'll figure that out later
phillip zakas
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Monday, January 08, 2001 11:10 AM
Hm.  Okay.  I knew there were locators in them, and had assumed that
they were GPS.  My mistake.
Does anyone know any particulars about whether these phones can be
queried for their locations while not in use?
Yes indeed.  Privacy is a tougher thing to achieve than anonymity,
at least with cell phones.

@_date: 2001-01-08 15:23:57
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
Thanks for pointing out the article -- love learning new things.  Didn't
realize companies were moving so quickly to GPS.  Not sure how well it would
work in urban areas or buildings (hence I guess the two mode system of
triangulation and GPS in one).
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Declan McCullagh
Sent: Monday, January 08, 2001 1:07 PM
For now; future trends include GPS. See an article I wrote below.
Qualcomm, for instance, said that its gpsONE technology shifts the
choice to whomever is holding the handset. The user has three choices:
a default of always on or always off, the option of deciding every
time the device is used, or choosing which applications will reveal
the information.
The company argues that providing its customers with that flexibility
will give them even more options than they enjoy with landline phones,
which often reveal the subscription address of the person paying for
the service. The gpsONE technology, which uses both GPS technology and
base station triangulation, can locate a user within a diameter of 5
to 15 meters outdoors, and 30 to 60 meters indoors.

@_date: 2001-01-09 00:45:25
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: History Channel television show on NSA (fwd) 
I also watched the program.  Not very exciting.  The Puzzle Palace by James
Bamford, though dated, is probably the best insight I've read.
I've had a few direct experiences with the NSA over the past years because
of my crypto/tech background.  Strangest experiences: getting yelled at by
an NSA mathematician during several odd negotiations at Ft. Meade in '98; as
chief technologist for a large US online company's endeavors to export a
128-bit browser to its intl. users in '98 (worked with both FBI and NSA on
this -- came close to getting the license too); met with former heads of two
nsa groups who hinted interesting observations on Skipjack, intl crypto
products and relative strength of 128 bit crypto; finally, I was actually
trained in NSA's infosec methodology in 2000 (I even have a certificate from
them for passing the classes...the legal disclaimers on the thing are
priceless -- you can check out some of their classes at  if you
want details).  ...blah blah some other stuff too which is not nearly as
interesting.  No, though I've been to ft. meade several times i've never
seen the "11 acres of super computers" and i've never seen operations rooms,
etc.  though i have seen some pretty boring cinderblocked conf. rooms in the
middle of upper floors where computers aren't networked at all, the doors
are made of steel and the walls emit a strange low hum; one door had a label
which said: "not much of anything, really".  there's lots of humer like that
all around the place...probably to help break the tension of not being able
to talk about what you do all day every day i imagine.
IMHO the NSA staff are overworked and still in search of a clear, cool and
patriotic uber-mission.  fighting drugs and hackers just isn't as sexy as
manipulating russian satellite image transmissions. Plus funding cuts means
they've scaled back on activities which have normally been the role of the
nsa...must be weird to work there where for years you had all the funding
you needed, and now you're losing funding and staff. Recently, for example,
they stopped performing infosec assessments for large US companies (like
Disney in 1997, clearly because mickey mouse is a national critical icon)
because they don't have enough people to perform the work and while NIST is
now responsible for such things, only the NSA has staff trained to do these
assessments (which is one reason I was trained, and no, i don't work for
nist). Now NSA only performs infosec assessments for US critical
infrastructure (mostly military and r&d sites). In fact the whole PDD-63/us
critical infrastructure thing is very big and right now no one other than
NIST/NSA is assumed to have the knowledge to carry out that mission.  Yet
there are seriously something like only 13 NSA staffers performing the
duties/leading red teams, etc.
I got the strong feeling that Red Team and IW efforts are hot topics of
interest at the NSA (and Army, Navy and AF too).  Thanks in part to
successes in manipulating Milosevic-and-friends banking records during the
Yugoslavia conflict, these areas are receiving a lot of attention.  Watch
for huge growth in activities here (in fact you can see some congressional
funding justifications for IW program using China's, Israel's and Russia's
own official IW ops activities).
BTW, has anyone heard of recent moves to push SS7 phone messaging traffic
over the internet in a bid to boost scalability and LNP resolution speeds?
Three effects: it'll work better than the current SS7 network alone;
improved eavesdropping on conversations which touch land lines (fyi only
phone-to-phone cell phone comms like nextel's two-way-radio feature don't
use land lines I believe); decreased need to try to decipher the message
while it's in the air (it's harder to intercept over the air transmissions).
sorry for the long posting, but thought i could share my small glimpse of
their vast activities.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Declan McCullagh
Sent: Monday, January 08, 2001 10:57 PM
austin-cpunks at einstein.ssz.com; sci-tech at einstein.ssz.com
Watched it, ET giving me a 3 hr advantage over you golden staters. A
definite passover except for last 10 minutes, Echelon-dodging making
the spooks limber enough to Macarena with Clipper Chip-endorsing Al
with dispatch. "Trust us," DIRNSA proudly proclaims, with Church bells
ringing in the near distance. Of note is latest permutation of
horsemen riding in on backs of Defcon-going hackers as justification
for existence of The Agency That Shall Not Be Named.
-Declan, channeling JYA

@_date: 2001-01-09 21:07:24
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: crypto implementation for small footprint devices 
what kind of platform? are you counting on an internal processor, or are you
just storing a key to be acted on via a second device?  need more info.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Xiao, Peter
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2001 6:43 PM
I am currently looking for crypto implementation that can fit into small
footprint (in the order of 50K or less) devices. Ideally, an SSL type of
protocol meets my requirements but it is almost impossible to implement it
within 50K even with selected cipher suites. So, I am looking for
alternatives (either symmetric key or public key based). I was thinking
about WTLS but looks like its implementation can not be significantly
smaller than that of TLS since it is also based on Public Key cryptography
(I am wondering how it fits into a cellphone). Can any one tell me what is
the approximate size of the client implementation of WTLS. Also, would
anyone send some pointers to me regarding what I am looking for.
Thanks in advance!!

@_date: 2001-01-09 22:25:27
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: SS7 over the Net (was Re: History Channel television show on NSA) 
Using SS7 one can redefine routes, gather number translation info via
Signalling Control Points (SCPs), etc. Rather than repeat boring details,
check out:
The link is a brief tutorial on SS7; it'll make possibilities more obvious.
What's the danger of SS7 over IP?  Lack of security features at gateways and
at the protocol level.
How does this improve eavesdropping?  SS7 is only signaling.  There is no
voice payload on the SS7 network.  SS7 simply passes signaling information
around.  Perhaps the knowledge of calling and called party since those
digits are passed via SS7 but the converstation is entirely distinct.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Josh Richards
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2001 9:35 PM
* Phillip Zakas  [20010108 21:51]:
There are already carriers doing SS7 over IP via gateways.  Over the public
Internet is not a stretch from a technical standpoint but, in practice,
I'd find it hard to believe too many LECs or IXCs going this route.  Private
IP networks, yes already in production even.  The public IP network, nobody
serious is doing it.  Wait, well, if you just mean VoIP there are VoIP
companies that are attempting things like this by partnering with regional
and local ISPs to place voice gateways.  If you're talking governmental
moves, there are easier ways.  The SS7 network isn't exactly encrypted..
How does this improve eavesdropping?  SS7 is only signaling.  There is no
voice payload on the SS7 network.  SS7 simply passes signaling information
around.  Perhaps the knowledge of calling and called party since those
digits are passed via SS7 but the converstation is entirely distinct.
Josh Richards [JTR38/JR539-ARIN]
Geek Research LLC - IP Network Engineering and Consulting

@_date: 2001-01-09 22:53:30
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: crypto implementation for small footprint devices 
I know RSA B-Safe stuff is made to fit onto cell phones and pagers.  They
also are the public key vendor for DOCSIS cable boxes.  Maybe they can help
you.  Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2001 6:21 PM
* Xiao, Peter  [20010109 16:01]:
How small of footprint?  50K (presuming you mean in currency) isn't really
a measurement of footprint size to me. :)  Would something along the lines
of a Java iButton  match your requirements?
It truly depends on what you need the device to be capable of...and I don't
just mean the crypto implementation but is this a device to be self-powered?
How do you need to interface with it?  Etc.
The device is a DCT2000 set-top box with very limited footprint. Since the
box needs to run a lot of other applications, 50K is the space that we would
like to spend on the security purpose. The platform supports C interface.
Josh Richards [JTR38/JR539-ARIN]
Geek Research LLC - IP Network Engineering and Consulting

@_date: 2001-01-10 13:09:06
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Nader wants global U.N. Net-regulation body; Nader photos 
Not to worry.  Ralph is only momentarily distracted.  Just wait for the new
administration to start chopping down thousand-year-old forests (and
squishing some photogenic "poster animal" in the process).
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Declan McCullagh
Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2001 11:38 AM

@_date: 2001-01-11 10:23:59
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Nader wants global U.N. Net-regulation body; Nader photos 
I respectfully submit to you:
1.  Ralph does not represent me or my own views.
2.  His 1960's views of the industrial society view of government, a nation
and corporations do not, imho, apply to the internet or information society.
3.  Number 1 and 2 are worth mentioning again :)
I do agree with you that in general most people are concerned with their own
day-to-day lives and cannot or don't care to understand how decisions made
in Europe or in Washington, DC regarding the internet do, or could, affect
themselves or those they know. I don't know how to solve this problem, but
my own observation is the media is quite capable of whipping people into a
frenzy (perhaps as a distraction to the daily chore of worrying about
whether there is enough or not there is enough jelly in the pantry).  I
certainly don't believe an 'egalitarian elitist' (is there such a thing?)
like Ralph can solve our problems.  Observations:
- in the case of standards and practices, corporations will charge through
and push standards and practices which enable the growth of their revenues.
In their perception they are filling the voids standards bodies and
legislative bodies leave open.  Shame on standards bodies for taking so long
to approve protocols, and creating the kind of research and peer review
environment which rivals even mathematics research (which involves years.)
Shame on legislative bodies who do not try to fully understand our new
society and rush to pass laws which are awkward and unworkable.
Corporations innovate and want to move forward; waiting years for peer
review is not realistic for many standards (I'm referring especially to
layer 4 protocols and above in the case of the ip stack).  Imagine if
Napster had waited for the RIAA to come around to a new way of music
distribution...or waited for the IETF to come up with a peer-reviewed method
of peer-to-peer file sharing.  In many ways Napster acted like a corporation
(albeit with a different motivation).
- corporations and lobbying groups represent not a single entity (the
corporation), but a group of people who are employed by the company and the
shareholders of the company.  Perhaps this is the .1% of the people you are
referring to.  Few things motivate people as much as money does.  Oh, and
free music is also apparently a great motivator.
- for the rest of us not necessarily motivated by money the key method of
influence is participation.  Participation through corporations (change from
within is sometimes not difficult to achieve); participation as a
significant contributer to a movement or project (linux for example); or
participation by creating a new kind of application which drives change.
Anyway i'm frightened that people who are supposed to get it (dyson, nader,
etc.) and don't are making the decisions.  At least with a corporation you
can buy shares, go to a shareholder meeting and speak your mind.  How do you
reverse poor judgement in an individual?
btw I certainly don't think I get it any more than anyone else...I've just
not heard anyone who has presented a world view that makes sense from top to
bottom (maybe there is no comprehensive world view).
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Tom
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2001 6:44 AM
as a matter of fact, he DOES have a point. consumers have become the
weaker part of the market food chain because they are not organized and
because they ARE sheep. they'll cry murder every time you steal
something from them, but never actually do something, and the few who do
are too isolated to be even noticed.
corporations, on the other hand, have been far more intelligent. from
MPAA/RIAA straight to WTO they understood that lobby groups can increase
their influence greatly and turn the playing field to their advantage.
it's only fair to reply in kind and organize the consumers. or rather:
the 0.1% of them who give a damn.

@_date: 2001-01-12 10:03:23
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Rosman's NSA role 
American federation of scientists maintain a list of facilities at the link
below.  The analysis looks pretty good to me.  Interesting point: there is a
limit to which satellites could be monitored from the area...for example I
believe european satellites and asian satellites are outside of 'view'
because of the curvature of the earth.  Could perhaps be pointed south and
at intra USA birds?
  -----Original Message-----
  From: owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Robert Windrem
  Sent: Friday, January 12, 2001 8:36 AM
  To: cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
  Subject: Rosman's NSA role
  I am a producer for NBC Nightly News in New York.  In 1986, I spent
several days in Rosman and nearby Asheville researching Rosman and shooting
it from the ground and the air.  The ground level shooting was mostly
fruitless, but I still have video I shot from a helicopter.
  At the time, Rosman had 14 dishes in a bowl like area in Pisgah.  It was
quite secret as the Sun notes.  However, the FAA never instituted any
restrictions over the site, as it did with other sites.
  We included it in a two part series we did in 1986 called "The
Eavesdropping War"--NBC having refused to kill the story, as requested by
then-NSA director William Odom.   Odom threatened legal action if we ran the
piece.  They are particularly concerned about Rosman.
  We determined that Rosman had several missions.
   One was intercepting communications from Soviet geosynchronous
satellites, the Gorizont and Raduga.  We were told interception had two
values: 1. the satellites were used to communicate with Russian forces in
Cuba and 2. they were also used to communicate with Soviet SS-20 sites in
Europe...several of which were in East Germany. The farthest Raduga, as I
recall, was at 14 degrees west, putting it in range of both Rosman and East
Germany.  It should be noted that Rosman is almost due north of the old
Soviet headquarters in Lourdes, Cuba, southwest of Havana. Lourdes, of
course, is also the largest satellite sigint base in the Russian equivalent
of Echeon, which I just wrote about for msnbc.com.  I was told that Rosman
was used in part to capture signals being sent between Lourdes and the
Soviet sigint downlink at Vatutinki outside Moscow.
  The other mission was intercepting signals from the agent satellite
network the Soviet Union maintained to communicate with its agents
worldwide.  A crude version of Iridium, it contained eight satellites in low
earth orbit.
  The property was ceded to the DoD from the General Services Administration
in December 1980, at the close of the Carter administration, on the same day
another smaller NASA site outside of London was turned over to DoD.
  At the end of the Cold War, with the signing of the INF Treaty and
lessened tensions, it was shut down and some of its equipment sent to the
NSA base in Sebana Seca, P.R.
  I hope this was helpful to you.  If you need to call, give me a ring at
1-800-NBC-NEWS, ext. 7390.

@_date: 2001-01-12 12:07:41
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a  Little Boomlet 
Just to add an interesting experience to this thread, I've flown to Bermuda
and to the Cayman Islands (not an attractive place, but great diving).  On
the flight to Bermuda the in-flight magazine had several articles discussing
Bermuda's aggressive moves against being a tax haven.  Saw the same kinds of
articles in the magazines while on the beach there.
In stark contrast, the in-flight magazine to the Caymans had several large
advertisements and one govt.-sponsored article promoting the fact that
banking transactions of less than $50,000 (per transaction) are never
reported to law enforcement inquiries unless it has been adquately proven
that the transaction was the result of a drug deal.  Other advertisements
stated the cost of starting a bank (as little as $5K if I remember
correctly) and of starting a private holding company (a little more than
starting your own bank).
Interestingly none of these islands/countries have the SA (societe anonamie
(sp?)) laws of French islands.  An SA company by definition never reveals
the board members, officers, founders, etc.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Duncan Frissell
Sent: Friday, January 12, 2001 11:04 AM
The British colonial possessions discussed in the article are, indeed, tax
havens and have been described as such by every writer on the topic from
the flakiest up to the Economist Intelligence Unit
Red Tony's attempt to corral his colonies has been going on for a few years
now.  The OECD has gotten into the act with its Financial Action Task Force
( handling Money Laundering and the OECD, itself,
 handling what it calls
"Harmful Tax Practices".  By the latter, it means evil countries that set
their taxes too low.  It does not mean the harm involved in tax collection
The Barbados meeting  was
co-sponsored by the Commonwealth (formerly the British Commonwealth).  They
released a hopeful closing statement of agreement and cooperation
but  nothing is likely to come of it since the world's largest tax haven
(the US) is never the subject of these talks.
After watching these activities since shortly after the US government
started to crack down on trusts back in 1962, I have learned to ignore what
governments say and watch what they (and the market) actually do.
More important than bank secrecy itself is the ability to easily create
legal entities.  One of the reason that the US is a popular tax haven (for
non-US persons) is because it is so easy to create various business and
personal entities here.
The Net have only made things worse.  With a dozen P2P payment
intermediaries created in the last 18 months or so and hundreds of online
securities brokerages, it's rough for the control forces.
"May the Lord enlighten ... the Swiss banks -- that they might uphold
justice and preserve the integrity of their own laws and the laws of
confidentiality, trust and basic decency between the banks and their
clients."  Imelda Marcos' Prayer for the Swiss Banks - Manila - Sunday 25
February 1996.

@_date: 2001-01-24 00:32:49
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: using braid groups vs. number theory for pki 
I'm considering developing an asm prototype of a braid group-based
encryption/decryption pki engine.  The basic story behind braid group
mathematics seems to imply much faster encryption/decryption engines.
Before I spend the next month working through this, does anyone know of a
braid group-based encryption/decryption engine?  Did it work?  Any
cryptanalysis on this?
Also, does anyone have any stats on the performance of popular pki systems?
I'm specifically looking for  regarding number of keys which can be
generated by one vendor vs. another vendor's products (on similar hw
platforms.) Any clue where I might find this info (other than by paying Giga
or Meta $3K for a research report)?

@_date: 2001-01-24 09:04:45
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: using braid groups vs. number theory for pki 
great info, thanks!
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of dmolnar
Sent: Wednesday, January 24, 2001 1:44 AM
Helger Lipmaa's truly amazing collection of links reveals
"Practical comparison of Fast Public-key Cryptosystems"
P. Karu, J. Loikkanen
which is an account of an implementation of braid group encryption and a
performance comparison to ECC and NTRU. The implementation was done in
C++, so I bet your assembly version would kill it - but of course you'd
have to do the same for NTRU to acheive proper comparison...
(I didn't see it available for download - maybe contact the authors)
The rest of the links are worth checking out as well.
and include some cryptanalysis and other links. Be careful when reading
these - the "word problem" is not what you may think it is, and some of
the cryptosystems seem to depend on more than just the word problem for
their security. If you have a good library nearby, you may want to look
for Rotman's _Introduction to Combinatorial Group Theory_ as a guide; it's
the best introduction I've found so far to the general issues.
Short answer to "is it secure" is "maybe." Keep in mind that all you need
these days is a very weak trapdoor function and then you can "boost" it to
create a full public key cryptosystem. So if we can find any "hardness" at
all, that may be enough.
Sorry, don't know more here than "look for white papers." Most of which
probably won't help you.

@_date: 2001-01-24 19:25:10
@_author: Phillip Zakas 
@_subject: GnuPG and Perl GnuPG Interface for (En/De)cryption Question (fwd) 
Well here are two options:
The elegant but somewhat painful method:
1.  The client generates an encrypted credit card using the secret.  The
client opens an ssl session with the server and uploads the encrypted credit
card to the server (this proc can be automated at the client machine so your
client doesn't need to go through many steps).
2.  When retrieving information, the client to opens an ssl session with the
server, sends the private key manually (via ssl) to the server, and have the
server process the decryption in memory.
The above requires the client to both upload the credit card and the secret
key to the server.  The reference information you can use to locate the
correct credit card could be the client's name or login name or address,
etc. etc.
The no so elegant but works almost all of the time method:
1.  You enter the encrypted credit card number into the server database.
2.  Client opens an SSL session with the server and submits the secret key
(via ssl) to the server.  server decrypts the credit card in memory and
performs a Mod 10 check on the result (if it fails the mod 10, the decrypt
didn't work because it isn't a valid credit card   Another way to verify
decryption is to store the last 1 digit of the credit card number and verify
that against the decrypted card.  The best way, if you're attached to a
payment gateway, is to verify the validity of the card via the merchant bank
(this can be done at no charge to the customer, but it costs the merchant a
min. fee -- usually around $.25).
Of course the best thing to do is to authenticate the client to the server
and ask the server to retrieve only the record pertaining to that client via
a covert channel (the trusted information kind, not the cia/nsa kind).
I have a question. I want to use GnuPG (or any suitable open source
alternative) to encrypt a credit card to store in a database. The client
wants to decrypt them on the server and view them over an SSL connection. I
can encrypt without a problem, but to decrypt I know I at least need the
passphrase, but then that makes me leave the private key on the server
(bad!). Is there a way to send both the passphrase and private key to the
Perl GnuPG interface and have it decrypted in memory to send via SSL?
We're trying to avoid having the client install the decryption software on
their desktop (client's being such as they are) and just provide either the
private key or the passphrase/Private key.
David H. Bluestein II                         President & Lead Developer
dbii at mudpuddle.com                         ii, inc.
-        Specializing in Designing Interactive Websites        -
-              and Searchable Internet Databases                   -

@_date: 2001-01-30 17:03:11
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Whats NOOS? 
If it was a dept. of commerce gathering, it could also mean NOOS Ukraine, a
computer manufacturer in the Ukraine.  DOC sponsors events that connect,
say, computer manufacturers from around the world.
if not that, it could be a network operations badge.  I don't think they
have round badges though (but I've only seen the US PTO badges and they're
not round).

@_date: 2001-01-31 00:11:10
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Absolutely not a joke. 
I'm not sure re: the 'trusted download applications' scenario.  I have not
stepped-through the microsoft capi code material, but I believe a more
reasonable assumption is that law enforcement is more interested in
"dummying-down" the strength of ssl (and e-mail, and .pst file key) sessions
rather than trying to mask a trojan.
Here's why I think this: your isp is capable of delivering a trojan, already
provides updates to dialer apps, etc. and isp downloads are generally
unchecked by end users.  And, your isp is very likely to respond to a
warrant to download a trojan to a user machine (this happens every day.)  In
contrast, Microsoft is unable to comply with a warrant to enable such a
download on demand...the alternative is to purposefully lie to the entire
world about pre-weakend 128-bit key strength, easily attracting lawsuits...I
seriously doubt any rational us company would accept this level of exposure
just to comply with a warrant (don't forget the  opponents of us crypto
export laws are us companies, not individuals...shows us companies are more
money driven than 'gee lets help law enforcement at the expense of our
business' driven).  Plus, microsoft doesn't have a huge session-tracking
system which enables them to detect when a particular user logs into the
net, etc....an isp does have this kind of info though and could target
specific users in response to a warrant.  I think the scenario I've outlined
above is probably a legal and reasonable explanation (though I'm not a
As for multiple keys in the microsoft crypto stuff, don't forget about
server-gated crypto.  that particular technology, created by microsoft,
relies on a different set of key generation/management rules than normal
ssl.  this is probably where the 'extra keys' come from.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Ray Dillinger
Sent: Tuesday, January 30, 2001 8:56 PM
Yes:  Windows has one documented public key that it uses to
check software that gets, eg, mailed to it via outlook, or
downloads in a webpage via Explorer, or etc, to decide whether
it is "trusted" software or not.  If it is trusted software
(presumably from Microsoft) then it can be run without
popping up a dialog box and getting the user's attention/
permission. Otherwise, "normal" security methods apply.
People with debuggers long since discovered that there is more
than one key ( though there are conflicting reports about
whether there are two or three), but had no idea why there
would be more than one unless  Microsoft wanted to enable
some third party to create "trusted" applications without
Microsoft's knowledge or review.
Recently when a windows system was made available in a debug
build (ie, with the symbolic names etc still in the code), it
was discovered that one of the "extra" keys was named NSA_key,
which gives at least a strong hint as to who else is allowed
to create "trusted" downloadable software.

@_date: 2001-01-31 14:54:40
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: slingshot anonymous access? 
Has anyone tried a slingshot subscription yet?  It's a US-based ISP
providing anonymous internet access (anonymous because it's pre-paid...no
credit card required, you buy a cd from a store, use an enclosed code for
access, and get 600 local dial-up minutes [or 200 ld minutes]).  It's being
sold at Staples and Compusa.  Their URL is   I really like
this idea of 'anonymous' dial-up access...very similar to pre-paid isp
access ideas in europe.  Are these business models going to survive long
enough to invest my time/hassle to try this out?  I know AOL, Earthlink,
MSN, etc. rely heavily on knowing a little about their customers to drive
higher CPM revenues (difficult to make money on sub revenues only).

@_date: 2001-07-10 16:05:44
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: lawyer physics (was taxing satellites) 
you know one of the things i'd like to do is go into the waste removal
business in orbit.  lots of junk up there...would like to launch a satellite
with a long finger attached to it and poke stuff out of orbit.  the "nudge".
who'd pay?  it would be quite an unfornate event if a satellite were
mistaken as a piece of debris...or if debris suddenly appeared in a launch
window ;)

@_date: 2001-07-16 18:12:07
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: What NAI is telling people 
none of the rep's claims are true.  note that AOL-Hong Kong would be in
violation if this were true.  the rep is probably confusing laws regarding
export of encryption/munitions.  also note that it's nearly impossible to
detect encrypted email anyway as the methods (obfuscation, steg., etc.)
available outnumber detection techniques available to isps.

@_date: 2001-07-18 13:17:04
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: DMCA has pushed me to my limit. 
see this link for papers on steganalysis:
essentially, the papers assert that given our knowledge of how images and
music files are encoded, and given information about how some of the popular
steg. programs work, it's possible to detect the presence of hidden
information and perhaps extract that information.  this is very early stage
work, so it doesn't provide all of the answers...

@_date: 2001-07-23 17:26:32
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: THE INCHOATE LAWYER 
i'd front the expense of the test and a cab fare between his home and the
nearest testing facility (not to exceed $50 total cab fare.) but let's make
this interesting:
1.  Choate will receive a $500 bonus if he scores above 97th percentile (eg.
97th percentile loses, but 97.01th percentile wins.) (I'll pitch in $100 in
prize money, the rest from cpunks?)
2.  ETS scores must be presented in original unmodified form to an approved
cpunks reader within 72 hours of Choate's receipt of official test scores.
3.  Choate pays the EFF $500 for any score less than 85 percentile.  Choate
must send this money via an approved cpunks reader to the EFF to verify the
inevitable transfer of funds.
4.  If the ETS scores aren't received by Choate and cpunks within a
reasonable period of time (not to exceed eight weeks from the day of the
test), Choate will not be eligible for the $500 bonus, and Choate must pay
the EFF $250 as per point 4 above.
5.  If Choate does not take the exam by September 30, 2001 he must pay the
EFF $250 as per point 4 above.

@_date: 2001-07-24 13:18:31
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
Whatever it was, it certainly is likely to have been mucked up now.
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]

@_date: 2001-07-25 10:29:28
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Attention to detail lacking 
Tim May Wrote:
maybe Choate is the long lost son of oedipa maas.

@_date: 2001-06-13 13:07:13
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
I completely concur, and this happens to be the rule followed for highly
sensitive information.  In fact the general assumption is that if it's
transmitted (wirelessly), it will end up in the wrong hands...so therefore
don't transmit if you don't have to, and if you have to transmit, use
obfuscation and cryptography.
Unless some super secret govt. agency has discovered a new realm of physics
unknown to the "public" physicists (not likely), I have to assume we're all
working with the same general principles/limitations.  Thus if one is
interested in intercepting faint signals from a distance, one needs at least
some of the following:
- noise cancellation.  sophisticated x-ray antenna arrays that focus on the
transmissions of one star out of a cluster of thousands or millions, many
lightyears away, proves the general noise cancellation approach is pretty
good today.  the same principles apply to cancelling the noise interfering
with signals over distances (and if you're only a few hundred feet away, you
don't need huge white antennas :)
- highly focused antennas.  phased array antennas which provide 2 degrees of
focus can be purchased for a few hundred dollars.  I'd have to imagine that
focused antennas providing 1/10 degree of focus are possible (for more
money) so that a particular omni-directional source (whether from monitors
or from wireless networks) could be acquired from hundreds or thousands of
feet away.  In fact, one company I know of (there are many) sells phased
array antennas that can interact with 100-500mw omni-directional antennas
using the 2.4GHz spectrum (802.11x) from 1,000ft to as much as 15 miles away
(the latter using 500mw antenna with clear line of sight.)
- a knowledge of which frequency range to focus in on.  For military vs.
military applications, this is the tricky thing...not knowing which
frequencies are being used or when or how.  For wireless networks we all use
well published frequencies with known handshaking protocols, known
encryption strength, easy to understand encyrption algorithms, etc.
One point not often addressed is the issue of how much security is enough.
An information analogy often used in cryptographic circles is figher pilot
communications vs. tactical battle plans.  A fighter pilot's communications
are generally important for the duration of the engagement and therefore one
only needs enough cryptographic sophistication to protect the communication
for, say, 15 minutes.  Whereas battle plans require enough cryptographic
sophistication to survive, say, 100 years of cryptanalysis(even given
moore's laws.)  This approach not only translates into hardware/software
cost savings, but also cuts back on R&D expenses considerably (for example
the $100M in equipment which landed in China recently probably cost billions
in R&D and hundreds of man-years to develop.)

@_date: 2001-06-13 17:07:52
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: napster: civil disobedience re: copyright laws 
excerpt from the article:
"...Civil disobedience in the face of copyright laws promotes the democratic
ideal that information is a public good, thereby sustaining the Internet
community's founding belief that 'information wants to be free.' "
i didn't know (as the article explains) that the EU no longer has 'work for
hire' boundaries. rip away...

@_date: 2001-06-14 17:49:35
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Xerox Sux 
is a legal defense fund in place for felten/dean/wallach?  if so, anyone
have the contact info for it?

@_date: 2001-03-05 11:29:11
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: American Bar Association - 1 click patents 
I've been away on business and only now started to read this thread, so
sorry for the lag...
The entire patent system needs an overhaul.  I've been personally struggling
with the trade-offs of filing for patents (relating to network routing
technology) vs. keeping the ideas trade secret vs. releasing a subset to the
public domain.  My attorneys have suggested filing "blocking patents" as a
defensive strategy to ensure you can continue to use your technology, in the
event a competitor comes up with the same/similar idea.  The patents
themselves aren't really earth-shattering, but the fact that one has to file
for patents just to stay in business in case a competitor files competiting
claims in the future is extrememly frustrating, because the patent is
essentially a blueprint for anyone to use the technology for himself.  Here
are some observations i've made:
- Determining patent infrigement of technology patents is extremely
difficult without obtaining the source code of a competitor's product.  How
on earth can one determine if one is "borrowing" your routing algorithm or
your mpls variation?  This is almost impossible...so where's the patent
- patent protection varies across the globe.  the best strategy is to file
in the US, Japan and EU.  but even then the levels of patent protection vary
in each area, and offer no defense in countries such as India (used for many
outsourced development projects.)
- I would have preferred it if i could keep an idea a trade secret and
register that trade secret with the USPTO so that it would be considered
prior art and thus block future patent claims already covered by my trade
- Biotechnology patents are especially troubling.  On the one hand one can
patent a gene sequence discovered to be vaguely related to, say, breast
cancer.  On the other hand that gene sequence is usually derived from some
volunteer's dna, but that person has no rights to the resulting value of the
patent!  Worse still, claims in biotech are very vague and broad simply
because biotech is an emerging science.  I'd bet most of you haven't heard
that proteomics seems to becoming more important than genomics over the last
six months...does this mean a gene sequence, including all of the proteins
it interacts with, are covered by the original patent even though proteomics
was unknown even two years ago??
Anyway, this subject is very irritating.  As current venture capitalist
(temporary until i launch my own start up) I do understand the protection
patents afford investors and the catalyst patents are for attracting
capital.  Without capital there would be no interesting technology or
biotech developments at the rate at which we've enjoyed them over the last
50 years.  However even venture capitalists would prefer my "register trade
secrets" model for high tech projects OVER the current patent system.  I
still don't know what the right answer is for biotech patents.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Jim Choate
Sent: Wednesday, February 28, 2001 1:48 PM
   The Laws of Serendipity:
   1. In order to discover anything, you must be looking
      for something.
   2. If you wish to make an improved product, you must
      first be engaged in making an inferior one.
   Tivoli Certification Group, OSCT
   James Choate                           jchoate at tivoli.com
   Senior Engineer                        512-436-1062

@_date: 2001-03-05 11:59:07
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, Brown & 
offer a pear in return.
or better yet, recall what happens in the movies when one encounters a
'naked magic woman holding an apple in the dark woods': bizarre death.  Run
in the other direction as fast as your legs could carry you, all the while
letting out the primordal scream you know sounds feminine to the
'non-magical' (better than peeing your pants anyway.)
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Aimee Farr
Sent: Sunday, March 04, 2001 8:49 PM
CYPHERPUNKS IQ TEST
QUESTION You are walking through the woods alone. A beautiful unclothed woman
magically appears in front of you. She holds out an apple.
1. Please darken in the correct choice using a Number Two pencil:
(a) you bite the apple.
(b) you take the woman.
(c) you run away.
(d) a and b, but not c.
(e) b and c only.
(f) all of the above.
(g) none of the above.
2. Please justify your answer:
Just curious....

@_date: 2001-03-14 20:18:40
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade 
i don't think they would allow classified/non-classified data to cross the
traditional divisions between siprnet and niprnet (which is one reason
employees have multiple physical computers on their desks.) plus today's
trusted computer systems are designed to control access to data (at granular
levels including network, workstation, individual, application, etc.) on top
of all of that physical and logical stuff, i'm sure information is still
generally compartmentalized anyway.  it simply sounds like a standard non
classified communications (email) capability upgrade.
though i do agree with you that people are probably the number one leak as
you're saying.  in fact all opsec/infosec assessments consider 'insider'
threats the greatest problem to deal with (citibank 1995 is an excellent
example of this.)
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Ray Dillinger
Sent: Wednesday, March 14, 2001 11:33 AM
This does not sound nearly as much like a "computer upgrade" as
a "security downgrade".  When you make top-secret files easier to
move around the network, you make them easier to steal.
No matter what the precautions are, wider access to people within
the organization means more access for people who want to
supplement their civil-servant incomes by selling secrets.
Even if the technology is perfect, the people are a weak
link and the more of them you put on a list the likelier it
is that there's a broken link.
On the other hand, we could see some interesting things if the
technological solutions to this set of secure communications
problems is ever made public. It amuses me to think they may
wind up using off-the-shelf solutions like kerberos and PGP.

@_date: 2001-03-22 01:55:22
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Did you notice... 
People v. Rehman, 253 C.A. 2d 119, 61 Cal. Rptr. 65, 85.
"Common law" consists of those principles, usage and rules of action
applicable to government and security of persons and property which do not
rest for their authority upon any express and positive declaration of the
will of the legislature. Bishop v. U.S., D.C. Tex., 334, F. Supp. 415, 418.
The Constitution of and for the United States of America is a Common Law
document and cannot be understood, interpreted and applied except at the
Common Law;
"It is never to be forgotten that in the construction of the language of the
Constitution, we are to place ourselves as nearly as possible in the
condition of the men who framed that instrument." Ex Parte Bain., 12 U.S.
1., 7S. Ct.781.
details: -----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Jim Choate
Sent: Thursday, March 22, 2001 12:17 AM
That the one place 'common law' is mentioned in the Constitution it is in
direct conflict with contemporanious English common law?
                                Amendment VII
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty
dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by
a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any Court of the United States,
than according to the rules of the common law.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-22 13:56:56
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: PGP flaw found by Czech firm allows dig sig to be forged 
"...As far as I can tell, *NOBODY* offers security tools that offer real
protection in the event your opponent has physical access to the
machine...  Bear"
I completely agree.  Even if they didn't have access to the machine, losing
the private key is a huge problem.
I should point out a similar problem exists with microsoft's crypto api
(capi).  by replacing rsaenh.dll (and one other i could name later...details
are on my research laptop and not on this machine) one could dummy down
encryption or eliminate encryption control across all crypto api-compliant
applications (like ms outlook, explorer, etc.)  in fact this 'crack' is
simiar to the 'upgrade' ms offers users to go from 56 to 128 bit encryption.
interestingly, in order to gain export assurance for a crypto product, it's
usually enough to state that your product's crypto relies on the MS crypto
api.  this is because the ms crypto api architecture has already received an
"ok" for export (with caveats re: 128 bit encryption.)  i've been through
this process so I know the 'crack' and the export license information is
correct (as of one year ago anyway).
the most significant problem with pki, imho, is the fact one can't verify
the publisher of the key.  the public key could have been stolen/modified,
or the issuer of the key may not have verified the true identity of the
requestor.  i could, right now, buy for $14.95, a digital cert from verisign
claiming I'm napoleon bonaparte.  and it would be published in their digital
cert. directory as true.  ya know, i'm going to do that right now.
anyway, as many have already echoed here, gaining access to an adversary's
machine provides more interesting possibilities than simply modifying a
user's secret key.  i would hope the cnsa would try to be more creative than
In article <20010321133551.B2386 at cluebot.com>,
A "vulnerability" that requires the opponent to have write access
to your private key in order to exploit?
Okay.  What was PGP's threat model again?  I'd have sworn that this
was squarely outside it.
As far as I can tell, *NOBODY* offers security tools that offer real
protection in the event your opponent has physical access to the

@_date: 2001-03-30 17:46:51
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: U.S. Secret Service raids E-Gold currency exchanger 
is this related to the raid?
summary: irs cracking down on offshore banks using credit cards as access
mechanism to overseas accounts.  perhaps this is related to the case noted
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Declan McCullagh
Sent: Friday, March 30, 2001 2:21 PM
   Secret Service Raids E-Gold
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   11:10 a.m. Mar. 30, 2001 PST
   WASHINGTON -- The Secret Service has raided a New York state business
   that exchanged dollars for grams of the digital currency called
   e-gold.
   A bevy of agents from the Secret Service, Postal Service and local
   police recently detained the owners of Gold-Age, based in Syracuse,
   and seized computers, files and documents from the fledgling firm.
   U.S. Attorney Daniel French said Friday that the investigation
   involved charges of credit card fraud. "We haven't brought charges
   yet," French said. "We're in the investigative phase."
   Gold-Age owner Parker Bradley says that during his eight-hour
   interrogation on March 12, the Secret Service seemed less interested
   in credit card fraud and more interested in the mechanics of e-gold.
   Until last year, Bradley accepted credit cards and paid out e-gold,
   but said he quit because too many people used stolen credit cards when
   conducting business with him.
   "The interrogation became less about me and more about politics and
   e-gold," Bradley said. "They were trying to get me to blame e-gold for
   fraud. Just to be blunt, these guys have no clue about how e-commerce
   works, how e-gold works or what I was doing."
   E-gold is a 5-year-old firm based on the Caribbean island of Nevis
   that provides an electronic currency backed by physical metal stored
   in vaults in London and Dubai. The company says it has 181,000 user
   accounts and stores about 1.4 metric tons of gold on behalf of its
   customers.
   Bradley's Gold-Age company, which he ran with his wife out of their
   home until the raid, was one of about a dozen e-gold currency exchange
   services: He took dollars and credited grams of gold, silver, platinum
   and palladium to a customer's account, less a modest fee.
   [...]
   Still unclear is why the raid took place. French indicated that it
   could be more than a routine credit card investigation, saying "at
   this point, it's being investigated as a credit card fraud."
   One possibility is a broader investigation directed at some users of
   e-gold, which is less anonymous than cash but more anonymous than
   credit cards. Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers has warned of
   malcontents using the Net and encryption to dodge taxes, and it's
   possible that the feds don't exactly approve of a system that's more
   privacy-protective than the heavily regulated banking system.
   Current federal regulations require banks and credit unions -- about
   19,000 in all -- to inform federal law enforcement of all transactions
   $5,000 and above that have no "apparent lawful purpose or are not the
   sort in which the particular customer would normally be expected to
   engage."
   Because e-gold is not a bank that lends money -- it's more akin to a
   warehouse that stores gold on behalf of its customers -- it's not
   covered by those rules.
   Mike Godwin said the raid evokes memories of the notorious Steve
   Jackson Games raid by the Secret Service a decade ago, which led to
   the formation of the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-03-30 17:51:01
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: U.S. Secret Service raids E-Gold currency exchanger 
need a clarification: is it $5,000 for le and $10,000 or $25,000 for
mandatory reporting to the irs? btw i do know banks will volunteer
suspicious transactions, no matter how small, to the irs.  i believe this is
how a fed. treasury worker was caught...he thought depositing smaller
amounts (<$9,000) would go unnoticed.
this link to declan's article which raises my above question.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Declan McCullagh
Sent: Friday, March 30, 2001 2:21 PM
   Secret Service Raids E-Gold
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   11:10 a.m. Mar. 30, 2001 PST
   WASHINGTON -- The Secret Service has raided a New York state business
   that exchanged dollars for grams of the digital currency called
   e-gold.
   A bevy of agents from the Secret Service, Postal Service and local
   police recently detained the owners of Gold-Age, based in Syracuse,
   and seized computers, files and documents from the fledgling firm.
   U.S. Attorney Daniel French said Friday that the investigation
   involved charges of credit card fraud. "We haven't brought charges
   yet," French said. "We're in the investigative phase."
   Gold-Age owner Parker Bradley says that during his eight-hour
   interrogation on March 12, the Secret Service seemed less interested
   in credit card fraud and more interested in the mechanics of e-gold.
   Until last year, Bradley accepted credit cards and paid out e-gold,
   but said he quit because too many people used stolen credit cards when
   conducting business with him.
   "The interrogation became less about me and more about politics and
   e-gold," Bradley said. "They were trying to get me to blame e-gold for
   fraud. Just to be blunt, these guys have no clue about how e-commerce
   works, how e-gold works or what I was doing."
   E-gold is a 5-year-old firm based on the Caribbean island of Nevis
   that provides an electronic currency backed by physical metal stored
   in vaults in London and Dubai. The company says it has 181,000 user
   accounts and stores about 1.4 metric tons of gold on behalf of its
   customers.
   Bradley's Gold-Age company, which he ran with his wife out of their
   home until the raid, was one of about a dozen e-gold currency exchange
   services: He took dollars and credited grams of gold, silver, platinum
   and palladium to a customer's account, less a modest fee.
   [...]
   Still unclear is why the raid took place. French indicated that it
   could be more than a routine credit card investigation, saying "at
   this point, it's being investigated as a credit card fraud."
   One possibility is a broader investigation directed at some users of
   e-gold, which is less anonymous than cash but more anonymous than
   credit cards. Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers has warned of
   malcontents using the Net and encryption to dodge taxes, and it's
   possible that the feds don't exactly approve of a system that's more
   privacy-protective than the heavily regulated banking system.
   Current federal regulations require banks and credit unions -- about
   19,000 in all -- to inform federal law enforcement of all transactions
   $5,000 and above that have no "apparent lawful purpose or are not the
   sort in which the particular customer would normally be expected to
   engage."
   Because e-gold is not a bank that lends money -- it's more akin to a
   warehouse that stores gold on behalf of its customers -- it's not
   covered by those rules.
   Mike Godwin said the raid evokes memories of the notorious Steve
   Jackson Games raid by the Secret Service a decade ago, which led to
   the formation of the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-03-30 21:29:53
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: U.S. Secret Service raids E-Gold currency exchanger 
sorry...i was out the day they were teaching the abc's of the sins of
commission at crime school. does 'jailbreak' count as a j word?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, March 30, 2001 6:59 PM
pz said:
CTR/SARs now automatically generated by "money laundering software" and the
friendly people at FINdCENts. pz, don't you bank at The Willful Blindness
Bank & Trust?
PS: Do you know your Ill-gotten-gains ABCs?
SPECIAL NOTICE: we are still accepting crimes for J, Q, X, Y and Z.
Aircraft piracy
Alien smuggling
Arms export
Bank fraud
Bank robbery and burglary of government property
Bank Secrecy Act crimes
Bankruptcy fraud
Congressional or Cabinet officer assassination
Conspiracy to kill, kidnap or maim a person or injure certain property in a
foreign country
Contraband cigarettes, trafficking in
Copyright infringement
Counterfeit goods, trafficking in
Counterfeiting and forgery
Customs crimes
Destruction by explosives or fire of government property or property
affecting interstate commerce
Destruction of aircraft
Embezzlement and theft
Emergency Economic Powers Act crimes
Export Crimes
Extortion and threats
Extortionate credit transactions
Food stamp crimes
Foreign corrupt practices
Foreign law violations: extortion; fraud against a foreign bank; kidnapping;
murder or destruction of property by means of explosive or fire; narcotics;
Fraud and false statements
Health care fraud
Influencing, impeding or retaliating against federal official by threatening
or injuring family member
J [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]
Labor-management financial transaction fraud, union embezzlement
Mail fraud
Mail, theft from
Malicious mischief
Murder on a federal facility
Murder of employees of the U.S.
Murder of foreign officials, official guests or foreign protected persons
Narcotics offenses
National resource conservation
Nationality and citizenship, unlawful procurement
Obstruction of justice
Ocean dumping
Passport and visa crimes
Peonage and slavery
Presidential assassination, kidnapping or assault
Prohibited transactions involving nuclear materials
Q [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]
Securities, fraud in the sale of
Sexual activity, transportation for illegal
Sexual exploitation of children
State felonies: arson, bribery, dealing in obscene matter, extortion,
gambling, kidnapping, murder, robbery, narcotics
Stolen property, trafficking in
Tariff Act
Trading With The Enemy
Unauthorized sound and video recordings, fixation and trafficking in
Violence against maritime navigation and fixed platforms
Violence at international airports
Water pollution
Wire fraud
X [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]
Y [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]
Z [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]

@_date: 2001-09-05 13:26:50
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
Given the amount of federal research conducted at the poles you might end up
blocking santa claus (which would piss him and his gang of elves off.)
It's impossible to determine the ultimate end-user.  For example, what if a
university performs secure computing research via a federal grant or
directly for an agency?  Are you going to block *.edu?  What if an
agency/contractor/employee/grantee uses comcast business internet access?
Or speakeasy sdsl service? What about using a qwest cybercenter and peering
with dozens of tier-one providers?  are you going to block the ones that do
business with the government?  What about international carriers?  Will you
block Deutsche Telekom just because the german govt. uses DT?  The world is
too complex for simple rules such as the above regardless of the intent of
the rules.

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: No subject 
Copies to:      	
I have a feeling the word intercepted is a slight exaduration of what actually occured.
