
@_date: 2005-12-01 03:15:24
@_author: Enrique Hendricks 
@_subject: Watch this St0ck Trade 
Gulf Biomedical Corp (GBIC)
Current Price $0.50
Is this an Undiscovered  Gem that is Positioned to Go Higher? Pleasee R e a d the Following Announcement in its Entirety and Consider the Possibilities... Watch This One Trade Monday!
H0t Press Released!!
Gulf Biomedical Corporation is pleased to announce they have filed mandatory papers with the US Food and D r u g Administration in order to market and sell "LoveMagic(TM), their new a|| n at tura| herba| pr0duct to the booming herbal supplement market. "LoveMagic(TM) is anticipated to hit the market in 2 weeks. "LoveMagic" is a proprietary formulation of natural ingredients known to help users in dealing with male erect-i|e dys-function. In compliance with FDA regulations, Gulf Biomedical has informed the Food and D r u g Administration of its intent to introduce and market the product, and has submitted its proposed label for FDA approval. The new product is the second in the projected "Magic" line. The first was "HairMagic(TM)," a proprietary formulation of ingredients known to help restore scalp health and help re-gr0w h at ir, with no known side effects experienced as compared with chemical pharmaceutical drugs such as Min0xidil. "HairMagic" is in its third week of medical trials to support anecdotal evidence of the effectiveness of the product. That evidence involved the 100% success rate of the product re-growing hair on 70 early users of the herbal supplement. "HairMagic," which takes a unique "dual approach" to h at ir |0ss, has been creating a stir among interested distributors in the US, Australia, Argentina and Europe. The company cites evidence that certain bodily deficiencies are a major cause of h at ir l0ss. The product addresses these deficiencies and restores the health of the user, with the restoration of hair growth. Meanwhile, development proceeds on a third proprietary product which is designed to fight depression and restore an optimistic outlook in users. Currently there are millions of individuals within the United States who experience depression. The anti-depression product will be the third of six which the company hopes to have on the market by early 2006. The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is GBIC Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You May Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade Monday! Go GBIC.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors.  This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.  If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to
