
@_date: 1996-02-14 19:42:14
@_author: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                      Office of the Vice President
For Immediate Release                                  February 13, 1996
   VICE PRESIDENT UNVEILS NEWEST ON-LINE SERVICE FOR U.S. BUSINESSES
  Gore Says U.S. Business Advisor Key To Governing In Information Age
    Vice President Gore today (2/13) unveiled the a new and improved
"customer-designed" version of the U.S. Business Advisor.  The
"Advisor", which was first presented at the 1995 White House
Conference on Small Business, underwent a six-month redesign that
addressed the specific needs of the business community.  The improved
"Advisor" will provide users with one-stop electronic access to more
than 60 different federal organizations that assist or regulate
with the federal government, was originally developed by the Vice
President's National Performance Review in cooperation with federal
agencies and the business community.
Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA) in Tyson's Corner,
VA, the Vice President officially placed the new Advisor on the World
Wide Web (
Advisor is improving communication between American businesses and
their government," the Vice President said.  "Because this version was
developed with the support of the business community, the Advisor
serves our customers on their terms.  Both Fortune 500 companies and
start-up businesses will benefit from this improved service."
businesses can:  file documents electronically with the government;
retrieve documents, applications and other information; get answers to
commonly asked questions; obtain names and contact numbers of business
agencies; acquire news on specific business topics; and send feedback.
today as the Vice President delivered the second of three speeches on
technology and the future of America.  The "Technology Trilogy" began
Monday (2/12), in Baltimore, MD, where the Vice President spoke to the
American Association for the Advancement of Science.  The final speech
is scheduled for tomorrow (2/14), in Philadelphia, PA, where the Vice
President will visit the first programmable computer, also known as the
