
@_date: 1997-09-18 14:22:57
@_author: D.S.McLean 
@_subject: "The Life And Times Of One Average Man" 
Dear Friend :    I appreciate your taking the time to look at what I have to offer. This mail message is for the sole purpose of showing people how I can can help them;     NOT with money, fame, or building their front deck.
 I am an average person like many of you, I have no special powers and I don`t claim to have the answers for some of the more philosophical riddles of life.
 I will be straight forward and quite frank with you. I have written a book about many issues people face when they have experienced some sort of tragedy in their lives. I offer the reader to see and share in the experiences that I myself faced as both a young man and an adult.  For me life began as it would for many other children growing up in what seemed to be the innocent world we live in. I had a wonderful family with loving parents as well as an older brother and two older sisters who loved to torture me.  As time grew on my wonderful family began showing signs of trouble.
It was not long before I encountered a life shattering injury that change my life, as well as the lives of those around me forever.
In this autobiography and self-help book I will bring you down the road of my experiences; share with you the decisions I chose to make and how I was fortunate enough to overcome certain issues such as drug and alcool abuse, as well as provide you with solutions to common problems a family faces when confronted with separation and divorce.
 Most importantly I will share with you the heart ache and pain of a cataclysmic event faced on a construction job sight when I was confronted with a FIFTEEN TON front end loader and lost the battle.
 In this book are common problems associated with a tragedy such as personal injury as well as personal and proffesional opinions on ways to deal with and overcome the aftemath of these circumstances.
 If you are interested in helping yourself or helping a friend overcome the hardships life can offer and would like to attain a copy of my book please feel free to visit my sight at :             -  Just copy and paste that URL in the address bar of your browser and hit return, or type it in manually.
 Also see how you will receive your copy of my book twice as fast as the other shipping companies !
 Again, thatnk you for taking the time to read what I have to offer, and feel free to visit at :                 Sincerely, D.S.McLean,  contact me for more information at:  ranger90 at mnsi.net
