
@_date: 1995-12-24 01:03:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CFS and Linux (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If you are going to do it, do it right the first time.
Second, I really doubt Blaze has a problem obtaining access to computing
power and a $25 CD should be within his budget.
Merry Christmas.

@_date: 1995-11-06 05:20:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Meeting: Nov. 4 in Austin, TX 
A reminder to those in the central Texas area on Saturday (Nov. 4, 1995)
from 6-8pm. The Austin chapter will be meeting at Ted's Greek Restaraunt on
the 400 block of Congress (next to Oscar Snowden's).
We will be trying to wrest control of the last couple of tables in the rear.
Issues we will be discussing:
     *  Further interests of the members and forming working groups.
     *  Make further arrangements to start doing PGP key signing services
        at the end of the monthly EFF meeting.
     *  Discuss doing a 1-hour video on the basic ideas and issues of
        cryptography and current society.
     *  Invitation from CT-LUG to come to their next build-up which is
        scheduled for Nov. 18 but is tentative for now. If all works well
        this may be an opportunity to play with some re-mailer software
        under Linux.
Hope to see some of you there!
                                              Jim Choate
                                              ravage at einstein.ssz.com

@_date: 1995-11-28 09:42:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Meeting: Austin, TX 
Hi all,
The Austin Cypherpunks will be meeting this Saturday from 6-8pm at Ted's
Greek Restaurant on Congress between 4th and 5th. We will be taking the
tables in the rear.
The main topic of discussion will be the proposed 1 hour public access video
on cryptography. Also we will be discussing making some form of monthly
Hope to see you there!

@_date: 1995-11-28 11:01:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The future will be easy to use (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Don't hold your breath. The current market surveys say that there is no
market for them. Check out this weeks PC Week or Mac Week, as they both
have several articles discussing this. Bottem line is that the under $1000
computer seems to have no future either in industry or the home.
Realisticaly, who in their right mind would buy a diskless workstation to
connect to Internet? You certainly wouldn't do crypto on it because it has
to boot from somewhere else and this leaves all kinds of security holes.
Also, there is the fact that at the current time there are no generaly
useable apps on Internet beyond the web and most companies would rather have
their employees doeing something more productive than hanging ten.
Anyone who bases their business on this technology won't have a business.
Take care.
                                         Jim Choate
                                         CyberTects
                                         ravage at einstein.ssz.com

@_date: 1995-11-28 12:59:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inexpensive Crypto Boxes... 
Hi all,
The recent discussion on the <$1000 computer/appliance/digital-widget got me
to thinking and I had a spasm...
The new Sony Play Station is operating under a stripped down Unix.
Considering the speed that these boxes are designed to run at it seems a
natural for somebody to come up with a crypto workbench on ROM to install in
one of these babies. Could program one of the game controller ports as a
serial port and hook it to a Linux box (for example).
Ta ta

@_date: 1995-10-02 20:24:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: RNG's and time-stamps 
Now that is an idea, exploit the dynamic nature of Internet. Us the
difference in times between the stamp and when the mail arrives to generate
a RNG.
Just a thought.

@_date: 1995-10-08 20:23:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Nov. meeting: Austin, Tx 
Hi all,
The next meeting of the Austin Cypherpunks will be on Nov. 7 from 6-8pm at
Ted's Greek Restaraunt on Congress at 4th. near Oscar Snowden. We will be
meeting in the rear.
The get together yesterday was pretty well attended with 5 person as well as
Strick from the California cpunks.
Thanks to those who attended and hope to see more of those who didn't at the
next meeting.
                                           Jim Choate
                                           CyberTects
                                           ravage at einstein.ssz.com

@_date: 1995-10-22 14:45:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BlackNet in "Hardware" (fwd) 
The Amiga has both hardware and software emulation of both Dos and Mac. The
hardware Mac emulator runs faster than an actual Mac. The software emulator
runs ok, but is about 2-3 times slower than an equivalent Mac.
The Amiga 2000, 3000, and 4000 have PC compliant slots that harbor a
co-computer in the guise of a bridgeboard. The software emulators pretty
much suck because they are slow.
There are currently 6 Million Amiga users, hardly 'faded out.
The Amiga did not fail because it lacked in either hardware or software. It
failed because of market momentum and a lack of marketing savy at Commodore.
Only somebody who has never used an Amiga for an extended time would ever
make a comment implying they were inferior in any technical way. Their
hardware architecture in still way ahead of both Windows and Mac as is their
operating system.
Just remember, nobody ever lost their job by buying IBM.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at einstein.ssz.com

@_date: 1995-09-03 00:34:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks 
Hi all,
This is of real interest to Austin subscribers only...
It has been over a year since the last real meeting of the Austin
Cypherpunks. I am interested in getting the group back on a regular schedule
and writing code and building hardware. If you share this interest then
please drop me a note at ravage at einstein.ssz.com
I have created a mailing list for the local members and if interested then
send a subscribe austin-cpunks to list at einstein.ssz.com
That is all.
                                            Jim Choate
                                            CyberTects
                                            ravage at einstein.ssz.com

@_date: 1995-09-05 21:14:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Are booby-trapped computers legal? 
These are completely illegal in Texas and Florida for shure. To make such
devices legal the state legal system has to equate property value to parity
with life. See below for further comment on this.
As far as I know the owner of property has no legal right to kill a person
either traspassing or stealing it in any of the 50 states. There was a
recent federal ruling that basicly says that if you meet a burglar in your
home at nite you can not kill or otherwise harm them unless you're life is
directly threatened. In short, you MUST give up the ground if at all
possible. Federal and all 50 states (as far as I have been able to
determine) rule human life to have a inherantly higher value than property
of any type (this does not apply to government institutions).
In Texas and all other cattle states that I am aware of, there are specific
laws that limit how much voltage and current capacity an electrified fence
can have. These laws specificaly prohibit any form of lethal installation.
There is no license required nor do you have to mark the fences as electrified.
To address the issue of premeditation in regards to this sort of system,
does attempted murder ring any bells? If the officer(s) have warrents (and
it is not up to the accussed to decide that issue at any time) and you
refuse to assist them you are guilty of a crime (justifiably so).
I don't know what you call it but if nothing else it is ethicaly and moraly
Of course not, the FBI as SOP turn the electricity, water, etc. off prior to
assaults. In either case the person responsible for the electrification
would find themselves in court facing some nasty charges. The law does not
recognize the awareness of the victim in these types of cases. It in general
falls to the owner/operator to inshure safe operating conditions. In the
case off electrification this would mean current limiting on the power
supply such that no permanent damage would result to the hapless.

@_date: 1995-09-06 18:10:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: e$ sites of interest 
Hi all,
Found these in PC Week and thought I would pass them along...
CARI -  netresource.com/itp/cari.html
       Collect All Relevant Information, a transaction system that doesn't
       require live transmission of sensitive data.
Cybercash Inc. -        Secure transaction over the internet, using credit and cash payment
       systems.
Digicash -        Electronic transaction products include ecash; find the links to
       ecash-centric 'cybershops'.
First Virtual -        Secure internet-based system that uses the WWW and email for digital
       payment transactions.
Internet Banking -        White paper on electronic commerce
NetChex -        Secure transactions over the internet, using a bank account debit
       system.
Network Payment Mechanisms and Digital Cash -                                                    mepeirce/project.html
       Overview of trands and techniques, with several useful links for
       additional information.

@_date: 1995-09-06 19:21:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Collection of personal info 
Truth is that which can be verified to be reproducable by indipendant and
unbiased parties. All else is opinion.

@_date: 1995-09-06 22:01:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Collection of personal info 
What exactly is Tim's sense to you? Perhaps Tim could clarify more clearly
what he means by 'truth'.  To me it sounds like he is saying that there is
some viewpoint that is absolute. I no more believe in absolute viewpoints
than I believe in absolute coordinates.
If it is the 'truth' what makes it unverifiable? If I can look at it and
claim it isn't the truth (because I can't verify it) how does one know it
is the truth then? What seperates this unverifiable truth from opinion
(which is equally unverifiable by definition)? What is the litmus test? And
how do we know the litmus test is true? (I see a circle coming up)
For example, lets say that I have a accident with another motorist. We each
tell our story but they are different (or the same for that matter). Which is
true? I would hold neither. The incident as described by either of us is
simply our recollection of happenstance, in other words our opinion of what
occured. It is not what occured. The only truth that could be derived would
be that an accident had occured. Why? Because we would have two bent cars
that anyone who cared enough could verify.
The truth is not some mighty sword we can wield to reveal some shrowded
mystery. It is the realization that the world is a complicated place and we
deal with incomplete facts (ie fog of war). From this meager litany of facts
we try to derive some conclusion that allows us to control our environment.
Truth is a mundane everyday sort of thing, not some magical force. The truth
will not free you nor will it guarantee a better tomorrow.
The whole argument breaks down to the simple question of whether it is
possible to know anything absolutely. If it is possible to know something
absolutely what else to call it but fact (and therefore true)? If it isn't a
fact then it is either a lie (ie the inversion of truth) or else an opinion.
I don't see how there can be any other division than these three.
Another way to look at it is to say that if it involves faith it can't be
truth. Truth can't be dependant on faith (ie observer).
[Looking over this I realize that we are talking about a form of

@_date: 1995-09-07 00:31:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What is truth? 
Actually from your statement I would conclude that you don't believe truth
exists at all. That was the original in context intent of the quote you
used. Ambiguity is like pregnancy, it is there or isn't. Bottem line being
whether your position is that there is or isn't an absolute it falls to the
same line of argument...faith. My personal opinion is that we are way to ignorant/stupid to ever answer
the question.
This is exactly the opinion of the great minds of their time as well. I
suspect you are just as wrong as they were. If this isn't solipsism I don't
know what is. We are no valid measurer of our ignorance. We are simply to
close to see where the horizons truly are. The catch here is we will always
be to close.
The real issue is not whether there is an observer who can discern the truth
but rather; is there a truth to discern in the first place?
You are confusing 'lie' and 'opinion'. No religion is true, they are based
on faith and therefore unprovable. That which is unprovable is neither truth
or lie, it simply is.
Who is this 'we' kimo-sabi? If this were true 'we' wouldn't even be having
this discussion. As to it being a new idea, hardly.
Read some of them, believe they are as full of shit as all other philosophers
when taken as a whole. While individual ideas that these folks have presented
have quite a bit of merit as a whole not a single philosopher has ever
produced a work that has really been ground shattering. You disagree? Then
explain why no philosopher has managed to over shadow all the others?
{And for those Christians out there who will invariably send me mail,
Christianity is not the largest religion in the world, only in the US does it
hold a numerical superiority.} The reason is quite simple and one of the main problems with philosophers
and politicians. They keep making the same damn mistake, they assume that
since it works for them it will work for anyone (and therefore everyone) else.
This is an incorrect assumption. The real problem with philosophers and
politicians is that at some point they start to believe their own press
Consider this, if 'truth' is so hard to define or observe why is there not a
equaly biased discussion about 'lie'? Few people have a problem with the
concept of a lie. We can argue blissfully for centuries over what truth is
but if we question what a lie is we get termed pathological. What is it about
human psychology that causes this?
Take care.

@_date: 1995-09-16 09:57:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks 
Hi all,
My vote is to let the folks on usenet sink in their own quagmire of
ignorance about what we do. This list is no secret. If somebody wants to
get into the 'game' let them bloody well subscribe. Ta ta.
                                          Jim Choate
                                          CyberTects
                                          ravage at einstein.ssz.com

@_date: 1995-09-18 17:49:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Caribbean Internet Services? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Satellite dishes and a steady supply of gasoline via a couple of tankers
would make such an operation completely portable. A more ideal solution
would be to moore a ship in international waters (wasn't some group wanting
to do this for 'humanitarian' reasons or somesuch?).
                                               Jim Choate

@_date: 1995-09-19 14:30:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ASCII unabomber paper attribution and FTP address (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It isn't as of 4:28 Central...:(
Anyone got a clue as to where it has flow to?
                                               Jim

@_date: 1995-09-21 20:22:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: economic espionage (@#$%^&*) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
All out espionage should, idealy at least, only take place if there is
evidence that a nations indipendance is directly involved. By this I mean
active methods versus passive eavesdropping. It is one thing to send aloft
satellites to record cellular traffic between cars and quite another to
actively insert agents provocateur.
I had hoped they were better investigators than this, only 20? Or perhaps
this is a truer indication of our national paranoia.
What are its estimates on what US business gains with its present industrial
espionage infrastructure? Without these numbers the quoted above are
                                               Jim

@_date: 1996-08-02 21:43:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Southern Cracker Beer Bombs in Trucks (fwd) 
Hi all,
I work with Hi Performance and Experimental rockets and I am somewhat
familiar with explosives and the handling thereof. I have a couple of
comments to add to the pipe bomb building thread...
Forwarded message:
Do this and you will get a reaction which can cause a spontaneous explosion.
In short keep all greases and other such products away from explosives. If
you must use threads on a pipe in such a situation make VERY shure they are
clean and dry. I would use water to first wash the water solubles away and
then would use alcholol to clean the threads of the remaining debree.
Also, always use a cotten rag otherwise you run the risk of building up a
static charge sufficient to set it off.
If you must use metal tools in the constructio of your bomb make shure of
two things. First, there is another person to call the ambulance. Also be
shure to use a non-sparking tool (read that as expensive) do NOT use steel
or iron tools. You would just be asking to blow yourself up from sparks.
Most tool catalogs will have a small section of Beryllium based tools or
something similar.
                                              Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-02 21:53:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tolerance (fwd) 
Hi All,
Forwarded message:
If the person joining the public list is warned that the list owner reserves
that right I would agree. It would require such a warning to be issued at
the time the person received their notification of successful joining. If
that warning is not present and the list is advertised as PUBLIC then NO,
not even the list operator can ethicaly refuse membership to anyone for
any reason other than criminal activity by a member. Otherwise it isn't
Just because you provide a service does not give you unlimited or even
limited control if you make it clear it is public and therefore open to
Libertarian views should be basicaly if it doesn't harm anothers person or
property without their prior consent then it should be legal and
permissible. A public list means that the owner does not reserve any rights
of moderation or cencorship. This is the way public is applied to the
government and it is the way it MUST be applied to private individuals.
This is a government of the people, by the people, and for the people. In
short the ethical situation is the same as if a city declares a park to be
public and then begins to bar people from sleeping there at night.
                                                  Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-02 22:00:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Internal Passports (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
We have to go through the same BS that you do to get automatic weapons.
I do and I have.
                                                     Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-02 22:05:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Clear and present danger to possibly unknowing persons lives. People have a
right to know if their sex partners have communicable diseases. In the case
of a 'Typhoid Mary' type disease then everyone has a right to know that
person is infected.
Clear and present danger. Once a well is contaminated that contamination can
spread through the whole local water table and infect hundreds if not
thousands of people with disease without warning.
As long as they have a license to operate a food dispencing facility (in
other words they are certifying they are aware of the correct processes for
such operations) then nobody should have the right to interfere with their
operation unless with probable cause (ie proof of danger such as bad weenies
in their hot dogs). This would not apply to individuals or families making
such food in the same place for their own and NOT public consumption.
A person or group has a right to swing their fists all they want, just not
in my face. This also applies to the government which is nothing more than
our elected representatives. We also can not give them rights we ourselves
don't posses.
                                                    Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-02 22:11:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "adjust your attitude with their billy club" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
United States of America, proposed by Congress, and ratified by the Legislatures of the several States, pursuant to the fifth Article of the original Constitution. not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people. [The first ten amendments went into effect on 15 December 1791.]

@_date: 1996-08-02 23:01:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "adjust your attitude with their billy club" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
To the first comment, numerical superiority is not sufficient reason in a
democracy to justify actions by that democracy. One of the basic ideas
behind  democracy is that certain aspects of individuals are inherent and
uncontrollable by that democracy (ie rights). To my mind democracy is the
only form of government which recognizes a priori that everyone is not alike
and therefore will want different things. This can be said of no other form
of government which treats persons as identical cogs in a government
machine. In short, democracy is not mob rule however much the majority might
like that idea. I would say that the first comment above can be said another
"If you have been raped once then you should not complain any about
subsequent rapes." Clearly utter bullshit. This is pure and simple victim-speak.
As to the second, you are not free to define public nuisance, only nuisances
to yourself. The burden of proof rests on the individual to prove that such
actions by a third party are a public nuisance. For something to be a public
nuisance its effects MUST extend to property or persons other than the
instigator AND it must be shown that damage occurs without prior permission.
Simply because they do something that irks you does not make it public let
alone a nuisance.
                                               Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 03:12:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tolerance (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Culture has nothing to do with inherent civil liberities, you have them
simply for being alive. People create social contracts to limit those
rights. You have the cart before the horse.
                                                    Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 10:29:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [off-topic] roving wiretaps (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It costs nothing, it is already built into the switch at part of the
standard diagnostics. I spent 5 years at the University of Texas at Austin
working in security and part of my job was support of the NT switch. You
go to the switch put a butt-set or recorder on the diag port and route
the call data over to that port.
                                                  Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 11:18:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [off-topic] roving wiretaps (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. I must agree with the above sentiment by Lucky. When Steve Jackson got
busted (I was peripheraly involved through Mentor and Bloodaxe) and the
warrant was not only sealed (ie Mentor and Bloodaxe didn't get to see it)
but it was unsigned as well when it was executed.
                                                     Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 12:49:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "adjust your attitude with their billy club" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
without the consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law. I didn't include it because it isn't germane to the discussion at hand.
I agree with the municipality, if you want to eat your own shit and piss go
right ahead. You have no right to expose me to the deliterious health effects
of such material randomly sprayed around my city. Hell, even animals are smart
enough to know not to shit in their own bed. Pitty all these smart people seem
to have forgotten such a basic rule of nature. Such actions are clearly a
threat to my person and property.
If these sayings indicate such insight how come the Jews have such a
terrible time getting along with anyone for any length of time? Why does
their current regime have such a hard time? Why is it that I get such a
rising in the hackles on my neck when I am reminded that it is illegal in
Isreal to carry a Palestinian flag in public. How come they begin to look
more and more like the new age nazi's? The Isrealis love of government and
structure has certainly not brought them great amounts of security, wealth,
or friends.
I will oppose it. While I would oppose those self same persons from touching
me or my property without my prior permission (which I would not give) I
would not prohibit them from entering any public facility. I oppose Austin's
recent ruling prohibiting sleeping in public parks and other area because
the local businesses said it effected their profits. I oppose their recent
ruling that ALL persons who ride a bike MUST wear a helmet, ostensibly to
protect children even though the law doesn't mention minors at any point.
The mayor when queeried on this point simply ignored it. I assure you none
of them will get my vote, and from what I have seen not a lot of others
Unless you can demonstrate that your person or property are harmed by the
action I oppose such laws. Simply smelling bad is not a physical act. Austin
has a law which basicaly does the same thing. In general the people of the
city don't like it, the police don't enforce it, and the people drive around
town jammin' to their hearts content. If my apartment neighbor is playing
their radio too loud I am not going to call the cops I am going to call the
manager if my attempts at becoming some sort of aquaintence fail at mediation.
It is private property and short of violence to a person or property they
have no business in here without a warrant. I own 5 acres near Lockhart, just
outside Austin, and I have made it clear to several of the county mounties
that parking in my driveway is verbotten if they don't have a warrant for
searching my property, they liked to park there to eat food and fill out
reports. They seem to understand and respect my wishes. They now park down
at the intersection of my dirt road and 71 on public land.
The right to freedom of speech means you have a right to be offended and to
offend. If you haven't been offended at least once a day you need to get out
of your apartment and quit watching the roaches crawl the walls. If what is
on television offends you then start your own television station and play
family (or porno) material till your hearts content. Passing laws that tell
privately owned stations what to air is wrong because it is equivalent to
limiting the freedom of speech and press. This can be extended to all such
prior restraint laws. To regulate content based on the public airwaves model
is equivalent to the state telling me what station to listen to on my car
radio because I am on a public road.
When I was a small child I learned an important lesson the hard way. I was
smaller than the other kids so they would call me names and pick on me to no
end. Did I fight with them? No, I recognized even at that young age that
violence would not stop the actions, only change their nature. Violence as a
means of coersion is a signal of a small mind. On the other hand, I only lost
a single fight in the 1st grade. This taught me that if one is attacked in a
physical sense respond with all the force and violence you can muster, show
no mercy until the beggar is on the ground and in a sorry state. Don't stop
if they say they surrender, they may be saying it to gain a tactical
advantage. Stop only when you are certain they no longer have the will or
means to carry the fight further. It would be a great thing if our
government and society in general would learn this lesson regarding violence.
We would live in a much less violent world.
                                                      Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 12:59:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not at all. Businesses have no rights, individuals do. Businesses have a
responsibility to protect their patrons (if you don't think so ask all the
folks in Japan or the people here in Austin sick from Strawberries and
Blueberries they bought at the local HEB). Individuals have a right to
privacy, that includes cooking themselves food without harrassment. Business
on the other hand are selling products of potentialy questionable quality. A
reasonable person recognizes that such a business has two ways of fulfilling
its responsiblities. They can either submit to regulation and quality control
from the local municipality or else they can hang signs about their place of
business declaring "Caveat Emptor: Our food may be tainted, eat at your own
risk". Which do you think is the more reasonable?
Not at all. I have a right to kill myself with bad cooking if I choose. I do
not have the right to kill another, especialy a stranger, without their
prior consent. I guess it would be ok if a food vendor were to ask you if
you minded being killed by their product, but I doubt many of them would be
in business next week, let alone sell many hot dogs.
People and businesses are not the same.
                                                        Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 13:25:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SOUP KITCHENS (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Funny, one of my customers is involved in the Texas gun lobby and through
him I am aware of literaly hundreds of people who are within a few miles of
Austin who have FFL's and have no problem selling weapons off their kitchen
table completely legal. Their prices in general are much lower than local
stores such as McBrides (the best known in Austin).
                                                 Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 13:53:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tolerance (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Exactly! Stating a list is 'public' is an inherent contract between the list
provider and the subscriber with certain expectations on both parties part.
The list provider expects no illegal activity to take place such that they
are placed in jeopardy and the subscriber expects to recieve access to a
public (ie not regulated by a third party other than themselves and the
members en toto) list. Claiming the right to throw somebody off for any
reason other than illegal activity nullifies the claim of 'public'.
I know of no state in the union where a bookstore, restaurant, mall, etc. is
considered public. In Texas such places make it clear that they are private
places and that they reserve the right to refuse service and/or ask you to
leave the premises.
Legaly a public place is someplace which is operated using public monies.
Because they ain't any more public than my house is on Wednesday nites when
I have it open to folks. I assure you that if somebody were to show up
smelling or filthy they would be asked to leave and if they refused I would
call a police officer and press trespass charges.
The only way a police officer can expell you from a public place other than
for criminal behaviour is if the municipality passes ordinances regarding
access (ie open from 7-10 for example in the case of city parks here in
Austin) which must apply to ALL citizens equaly not just the vagabonds (I
have been thrown out of parks on many occassions and I assure I don't look
like a street bum even when I was living on the street in the early 80's - for grins I might add).
                                                 Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 14:07:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And any insurance company with a whit of sense would charge you rates so
high that your much touted small vendors and many of the medium sized
vendors currently in business would not exist. You think governments are
bad? Wait till you see a bunch of bean counters racing a profit margin. In
such a situation we wouldn't even have the opportunity for input into the
system via constitutions, charters, and votes. Just imagine how much support
a Japanese insurance company would provide its clients in regards to the
current epidemic in Japan, absolutely none because it is better the little
vendor go out of business than the insurance company.
I own 2 businesses (CyberTects & Linux System Development Labs) and work for
another (Tivoli - IBM), none are equivalent to my person. Businesses are a
system of rules and procedures that one offers another person in exchange for
some other commodity. Saying a business has the same rights as a person is
equivalent to saying the Empire State Bldg. has civil rights because persons built it and occupy it. My dog has a better argument for civil rights than
any business, it breaths and shits. Would you seriously give my dog a vote?
I shure won't, and I won't support any business with rights.
                                                 Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 14:07:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SOUP KITCHENS (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True enough, but not the whole story. If a dog or cat is kept well and fed
good quality food they live 10+ years. The average life of an animal on the
street is between 2-5 years. As to people, we now live around 75-80 years,
prior to all these rules and regulations on food and such the average was
20-25. If we go back to what you propose you would be dead a long time ago.
In my experience they don't get hassled because they get the requisite
permits and act in good faith. Many of these small businesses and street
vendors are 'hassled' because they are unwilling or unable to meet basic
commen sense standards of conduct and go out of there way to circumvent
regulations and in some cases commen sense. I have a friend who worked at a
local strip club on N. Lamar (Yellow something...) up until a few weeks ago.
Seems one of the workers there turned a freezer off and as a result some
meat was tainted. Did they throw it out? Hell no, they went ahead and served
it because to do othewise would effect their profit margin. My (and by
extension your) life is not worth a few measly bucks. My friend complained
bitterly and when they went ahead and did it he quit and filed a complaint
with the local health dept. (I am completely unaware of the result but the
club is still open). I once got food poisoning from a Vietnamese food vendor
on the West Mall at UT Austin and complained and called the Health Dept.
Last time I was down on The Drag (the popular name of the street) the same
vendor was still in business and this was over 10 years later. And for the
record I have bought food there, I have just become more careful about its
taste and quality.
Why do they prohibit permits for these types of businesses?
You should be more careful about who you pick to represent you then when you
vote. Here in Austin back in the 80's the big thing was to move the airport
out of town. So many of the public officials rushed out and bought land near
the little town outside Austin in the hopes that the airport would be moved
there. It was so bad we had many elections where the citizenry voted not to
move the airport and the city council went ahead with the actions anyway.
Finaly a few years ago the feds closed Bergston the local airbase and the
entire rationale for moving the airport fell through and now all those
people have retired from local political actions because they are all broke.
I personaly find it reassuring that some bunch of knuckle-heads are unable
to start a chip making facility like you support. The thought of finding
flourine compounds in the local river (where I get my tap water) or simply
dumped in the air is a little unsettling. Just because some group of bozo's
want to start a business is not sufficient justification for that to be
It seems to me that many of the folks who recognize downsized workers pleas
for their 'right to a job' as so much bunk are at the same time supporting a
businesses right to start up. A pretty humorous double standard.
Persons don't have a right to work and businesses do not have a right to
start up unless they can meet reasonable levels of responsibility for their
actions. People and by extension businesses do not have the right to harm
others without their prior consent. As an extension of this, people have a
right to limit the ways and means that a business may use in order to operate.
I have never heard of anyone being arrested for giving away food, only
selling it without a license. I bet the Salvation Army soup kitchen would be
worried if this claim were true (they aren't and it ain't).
I am unaware of any municipality which prohibits giving away books, they
regulate bookstores because they are a business and engaged in commerce.
If you are aware of a municipality (or any list reader for that matter) I
would appreciate being informed (ie mail me privately).
And your argument that a business should have the same rights and
considerations as a human being is bogus. If that were true then by extensio
governments would have rights, which they don't. Unless you breath and shit
you don't have rights, only duties and responsibilities assigned by the
persons who built the system. A structure is not equivalent by any stretch
of the imagination as the person(s) who built it.
                                                  Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 14:51:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "adjust your attitude with their billy club" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
States don't enact ordinances, they enact laws. An ordinance is a regulation
which applies in a local municipality regulated by a charter. Laws are
enacted by a state or federal government regulated by a constitution. A
trivial distinction I agree. I would be willing to accept the premise that
in practice such terms are equivalent.
They have the right to enact such ordinances if their charter permits. No
community, state, or federal government in the US is given carte blanche in
regards to the creation of laws, regulation, and ordinances.
If you live in a state which permits the state government to enact such laws
then you have my sympathy. At least here in Texas the state government is
not given that job. It is left to the individual municipalities to define
public nuisance. Here in Austin the homeless were allowed to sleep at the
capitol because it is public property. Sad to say, that day is dead.
I oppose those changes as well. I believe it would be a good thing if more of
our public representatives had to face the homeless and other unpleasantries
in modern life on a personal and daily basis. They might be motivated to get
off their asses and serve the people instead of their campaign contributors.
Which constitution? The Federal government is tasked with upholding the
Constitution, not the states. The states are tasked with upholding their
individual Constitution provided they don't conflict with federal laws.
Municipalities are tasked with upholding their charters unless at odds with
the state or federal constitutions. You make it sound like my local city
council person is responsible for the Constitution, they are not any more
than I am.
I would call it littering. There is litte reason to expect people to pick up
pamphlets from the middle of the street. As to handing them out, that is
protected. If the person you hand it to throws it down on the ground then
they are littering. It is called personal responsibility and respect for
oneself. From this springs respect for others.
I may be disconnected from your reality, but reality is observer dependant.
But it is your problem because 'your' side is aging and my generation is just
now coming into power (ie eligable to run for president and such). With a
little luck we might be able to make a difference. All those people out there
you look down upon living in the streets with mohawks and rings through
their clits listening to Pigface and Skinny Puppy get to make the decisions
now. My suggestion to those who support the status quo is to run, run very
fast. We are the ones your mother warned you about. Were pissed off enough
that we aren't going to use violence and such, we intend to use your own
system of rules against you.
                                               Ravage
                                                Black
                                                 Leather
                                                  Monster

@_date: 1996-08-03 14:57:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SOUP KITCHENS (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What exactly was the reason for the refusal to process the form? At that
point the FNB folks should have started a suite against the city and not
gone to the park. If they did they should have been very careful about
advertising the HD's refusal and making it clear that their presence and
actions there were a form of political disobedience.
There are good ways to tweak a nose and there are bad ways. Sounds like
these folks chose a bad way to begin with. I am glad to hear that justice
won out in the end. I bet next time the HD just processes the form. Is the
person in charge of the HD elected or appointed? If appointed than start a
suite against them as well as the department.
I would have gone back the next day w/ a larger amp.
                                                Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 15:07:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "adjust your attitude with their billy club" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
My first guess is that you were taking LSD back then but then I wasn't
there. The second guess would be because you didn't read very carefuly. I
said nothing about highest-ethics or any other such promises of behaviour or
action. I think you are reading more into my statement than is there. I
simply said that some of my generation plan on using the rules against the
I consider that a subtle but important difference.
                                             Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 15:09:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Exactly, 'surface resemblance'. The Constitution at no point mentions
businesses in respect to the rights of the individual which is where all
discussions must start from in this government.
For example, some folks have claimed that corporations have rights that
prevent warantless searches and such. I have to strongly disagree. I see no
rational way to extend this to a corporation. If the police must use a
warrant to search a business located other than in a persons home or on
their property it is because the people who are present on that premisis
have rights and those rights would be infringed by such searches. I am not
even shure I accept the legal premise of corporations.
The amendment say:
papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.                                                 Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 15:12:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SOUP KITCHENS (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Wrong, you can be charged with distribution, not sales.
                                              Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 15:52:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Really? Then would you mind explaining why costs rise over time instead of
going down? Compare the cost of almost anything over time and what happens?
The price goes up. Insurance has become involved in the medical industry,
what happened? The cost has gone through the roof. The airplane industry was
deregulated in the late 70's, what happened? The price of a ticket went up
and more and more airlines went out of business because of lagging sales. In
many states (such as Texas) insurance was made mandatory, what happened? The
cost of automobile insurance went up.  The telephone companies were broken
up and 'privatized' in the 80's and what happened? The cost of phone service
has gone up and the rate of new service introduction has gone down. In
almost any case you care to mention where a monopoly or near-monopoly market
exists and is deregulated the cost of operation has gone up.
If this is so then by your own argument, business are operated by people
therefor they are people, the government should conform to this model since
it is operated by people also (by your argument). Therefore governments have
rights (clearly incorrect). Governments have duties and responsibilities,
under our Constitution the government is given no right. As a matter of fact
if there is a disagreement or unclear point the 10th says specificaly that
the government does not get to resolve it but rather the states or the
people. Clearly the founding fathers were drawing a distinction between the
people operating a system and the system itself.
Yes, but they are not people any more than my ownership and operation of my
motor vehicle makes it a person. Is your contention that because I own and
operate a computer it should be given rights?
This is sorta funny, I can see it now...
"Your honor we would like to call Mr. Choate's 1985 Mustang to the stand to
give testimony."
"Mr. Choate's 1986 Mustang, you have been found guilty of speeding and
reckless driving."
Hey, come to think of it, this would make a great defence for many things.
"But your honor, my automobile has rights and is considered a person,
therefore you can't hold me responsible for running over those six nuns and
two infants. I was simply along for the ride. The only reason that I was in
the vehicle was that I was afraid to open the door and jump at 120 MPH."
Yup, I definately like where this is going...
I can see a cop reading my computer it's Miranda and waiting till Hell
freezes over for a positive responce.
Just think, all those dead cars...er persons...in the auto...er
people-crusher... We should bring those monsters up on charges for killing
people. Talk about mass murder.
Which question would that be? "Should businesses be considered people with
the same rights and priviliges?" If so then it is clearly a negative answer.
The Constitution does not accept that premise and the law does not accept
that premise. If a business is found guilty of wrong doing do they put it in
jail? No, they put the persons involved in jail. Clearly the courts are
drawing a distinction between a system and those who operate it. Does the
constitution ever mention business or commercial enterprise in equality with
persons? Does this equality mean that I need to go the courthouse and get a
DBA in order to legaly exist in Texas as a business must?
Consider my dog, Reef, she is owned and operated by a person (I feed her,
walk her, clean up her messes, teach her tricks, even kill her if I choose -
though I can't be cruel to her) does this mean she is a person?
Sounds like the original proposition, that businesses should be awarded the
same rights as people because they are owned and operated by people, is a
reduction to absurtity.
If I may, I would like to use a quote from the Transformers movie,
"You obviously don't understand the situation then."
                                                Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 17:16:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tolerance (fwd) 
Hi all,
Because none of these issues have ever been tested in a court of law any
comments I or any other person makes (even if a lawyer) is simply personal
opinion. To find out what is 'really' going on we will have to simply wait
for that first case.
Forwarded message:
Public - of or pertaining to the people; not private or secret; open to general use;
accessible to all; serving the people. Community or its members; a section
of community. Making known to the public; proclamation; printing in a book,
etc. for sale or distribution. To make widely known; to advertise. The state
of being generaly known; notoriety; advertisement.
I first learned about the cpunks list in Mondo 2000 several years ago not
long after I got PGP 1.0 off Adelante BBS in Co. Wasn't Eric's girlfriend
involved in Mondo 2000? (Hi Jude, I think we will have a RoboFest this year
in Austin, as always you are invited) Which would indicate a certain level of
premeditation regarding letting people know of the list. I think that qualifies
as public, I also think a court would accept that argument. The bottem line is
that the list operator crossed that line whether they were aware of it or not.
If they feel uncomfortable with this then they should consider very strongly
dropping the list or enacting some form of registration more preferential
than majordomo's subscribe system. This registration should clearly define
what is and is not allowed on this list.
It has appeared in many publications which are intended for general or
'public' distribution in every one of those publications it was made clear
that anyone was welcome and the subscription address was provided. The list
operators ignorance of the consequences of their actions in no way alleviates
them of the consequences of those actions.
It isn't my interpretation. Perhaps you should have paid better attention in
class. These issues have never been tested in a court of law in the US in
regards to computer networks and their special nature.
Not in Texas. We recently passed a law (Jan. 8) which permits citizens legaly
registered to carry concealed weapons. Because the way the law was worded it
was made clear in many newspapers and such that the ONLY way that business
could prohibit patrons from entering their premises with those weapons was
because they were PRIVATE property and therefore excluded from the
constraints of the law. [When I worked at UT the rationale that was used to
throw the dumpster divers off campus was that even though it was a publicly
funded school by taxes it was private property (didn't make sense to  me
then or now). I can also state unequivacly that if the UTPD catch you on
campus after 10pm or before 6AM w/o proof of either being a current student
or staff consider it a graceful and considerate officer if they only escort
you off campus.] Even now there is a big discussion here over whether
this is realy a strong enough distinction. It is only a matter of time
before a case comes up here to test even this limitation of private
ownership (which I happen to support, a person with a gun on my private
property is definately subject to my desires and wants, they represent a
clear and present danger. If they don't then why do they need to register
the weapons and why are they classed 'deadly weapons'?). The really sad part
is that it will probably be another one of those shoot outs at Wendy's in
Waco or some such nonesense as some loony toon goes postal. I wonder if that
was what Jeffeson meant about watering the tree of liberty with blood? If my
business property is really public simply because I am open to the public
then I feel the police have a responsibility to provide an officer on my
premises for whatever hours I am open for business to protect me, my property, and my
patrons just like they do at the courthouse, tax accessors office, etc. They
also have a responsibility to help assist in the operation and funding of my
business (something I oppose strongly) since they have now found my business
to be public; as a matter of fact they can help pay my damn taxes.
For the record Florida and every other state with 'Right To Carry' laws
looks at it this way. It is the only way under the current statutes to
allow businesses to control access by gun toting folks.
Now there is one caveat that most of you will have caught. That is the
definitions of public above. In short, we have a circular argument as the law
is worded now. Logicaly the courts have two recourses. They can first
declare that no agency has the right to regulate gun ownership and
possession (what I want to see) or else regardless of the 2nd, nobody has
the right to carry a weapon on their person in public, since police are not
awarded special consideration from constitutional law this would mean they
could not carry a weapon on their side in public. So the courts eventualy
must either refuse to review the case or else they must make some major
change in the current law which goes against the government either way.
Either everyone gets to wear weapons or nobody including the police get to
carry them. Either way with the last two the police are in a situation where
they are less likely to employ force for enforcement since they are no longer
the strong side in the 'discussion'.
The Cpunks list isn't a place. It is a steam of characters. Does the list
reside on my computer? It does at least to some degree since I obviously
have access to discuss these issues with you. It also resides on your
computer as well as the thousand or so subscribers. It resides at least in
part on the screen of my crt, the RAM in my computer, the network cable, the ISDN line, my providers router, my brain, the EM emission of the computer,
etc. ad nauseum. So there is no single 'place' where the list resides, any
more than a single place that an idea resides. This whole issue is the reason
that I contend that eventualy it will be seen clearly that postings on usenet,
public accessible mailing lists, irc channels, etc. are actualy automaticaly
public domain in regards to their content. At some point I feel that it will
turn out that unless you encrypt your data or place copyright symbols on it
with special, and likely convoluted, riders allowing various distributions
and storing via computer networks the author of computer text such as this
will grant all rights and privileges to the work to the public automaticaly.
This belief is the reason that I am interested in crypto, outside the simple
curiosity I have about nature.
I don't believe the cpunks list has ever been involved in a legal case. As a
matter of fact this issue has never been tested in a court of law. Perhaps
we should look at forcing a case. The best strategy would be for Eric to
throw somebody off the list sureptitously (sp? I put the dictionaries back and
I ain't walking over there again...sorry) and then for that person to bring
a civil suit alleging infringement of civil liberties (ie equal access under
the law). Eric would claim the list is private while the expunged user would
claim it was public. We would of course have to resolve the cost issue first.
I have two lawyers on retainer for my businesses but I don't believe either
would touch a non-commerical case like this would be and I don't have
anywhere near the personal capital to finance it myself. As a added bonus we
could pick a handicapped person and they could sue under the various laws
relating to those issues as well. This would get the whole issue of
handicapped access to computer technology to be explored. Currently the
handicapped (eg blind) find GUI interfaces nearly unusable. It would be
pretty weird (to me) to see court rule that every os and software
manufacturer must provide a CLI interface to their products because of the
new equal access laws regarding handicapped individuals.
That is a two edged sword. Where did you get your law degree? My lawyers
both got theirs at UT Austin Law School. Both are federal lawyers and both
have argued before the Supreme and are currently allowed to argue before the
The bottem line is that this whole issue is so full of circular arguments
and contrary views it may take quite a few years to work out something that
makes any kind of sense at all, if ever. Course by then we will have a whole
new generatio of technology to argue over.
Take care all, and watch your sixes.
                                                     Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 19:00:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then we have a clear case of abuse of power and if the folks at FNB don't
pursue this then they deserve the ignominy they receive. What is the current
status? Have counter suites been filed? What was the ACLU and NAACP (I am
assuming that everyone at FNB is not anglo-saxon and named 'Fletcher')
responce to requests for aid? Have they begun a petition or whatever the
city charter allows demanding the ouster of those in charge? What is the
Libertarian Party there doing? Has anyone contacted the Justice Dept. and
begun the proceeding for a civil rights suit? If these folks seriously went
out there not prepared to fight then the issues must not be very important to
them, perhaps a simple publicity stunt to get their 15 minutes and not realy
to help the homeless/foodless? Has anyone made reference to the judges
comments in the CDA trial regarding speech and chaos?
While the city acted illegaly, nobody has stated if the city categoricaly
prohibits such activities which was the point I was originaly trying to
express. Was this a isolated incident originating with the poor decision of
a single individual in the HD or was it organized? Have similar responces
occured before?
Every year on Halloween a bunch of folks here in Texas go down to the State
Capital at about 10pm and sit around and smoke pot for about an hour. The
city police have no jurisdiction on the capital grounds and the DPS officers
pretty much stand around and make shure things don't get out of hand. I have
never known of anyone being arrested but then again the place is crawling
with video and lawyers ready to pounce. I would contend that one of the
reasons that no actions are taken is that the event is organized and the
folks come prepared to go to jail and fight if need be.
                                               Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 19:16:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Right, petty harrasment would better describe it.
Why should I be prohibited from looking it up? You had to in order to grasp
the concept originaly? Doesn't really matter since I already have done it
with LSD Labs. The concept behind incorporation is to create a commercial
entity whereby the  persons & possessions of the principles can be
protected from most legal actions against the corporation. The fictional
rights given the corporation is intended to create a framework whereby the
existing legal structure can be applied fairly to the business that the
corporation carries out. In the case of a single proprietorship such as
CyberTects it is possible for me to loose everything I own if the right
conditions arise (eg I got sued and lose) in order to pay the judgement.
It is much harder for me to loose monies and physical property being
involved in a incorporated venture.
The reason that I oppose this is the same reason that I oppose the laws that
prevent suing the government without their permission. It creates an
atmosphere of isolation that gives petty non-elected government prols the
feeling of invincibility and isolation. It's just their job, never mind they
are fucking peoples lives over. It is the reason that big companies screw up
time and time again and still manage to survive and do it to us again.
So what do I win other than a hard time?
So fucking sue me for learning to read/write phoneticaly. Geesh what a petty
attitude. Do you feel better now? Is your sense of superiority restored?
If the only criticism you have is my spelling then shut the fuck up. If it
makes you feel any better I am very hyper-active and dyslexic as well. But
that is ok, there are people that love me anyway.
                                                Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 20:42:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SOUP KITCHENS (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
But it is. I suggest you take a look at any social health text and look at
the comparisons between diets of our ancestors, ourselves, and various
cultures around the planet now. In places like Africa the mean age in many
places is still in the early 20's. It is pretty remarkable that places that
at one time had poor or subsistance diets and now have more modern diets
have the average life span growing (even in places like Samoa and the Pima
Indians in Mexico and the S. US where the high-fat diets are causinga marked
increase in coronary problems, interesting article in this months Sci-Am) by
leaps and bounds. Look at the studies which have tracked the English
population over the centuries (they kept good records) and compaired
physical body characteristics with food intake. It has been clearly shown
that as the food got better and more plentiful the lifespan got longer and
the average height got larger. Pretty strong evidence of some correlation
there. I certainly feel strongly enough about it that I would not willingly
eat food except in emergency conditions that I was not shure of the quality
or purity.
Other factors such as what? Disease? If you have a good diet then diseases
like colds and Influenza (for example) are survivable. Without good diets
high in Vitamen C and such you get Rickets and can die from a simple cold in
as little as 3 days. Certainly if you kill off the local fauna you will
increse your lifespan simply because there isn't as much to eat you when you
aren't looking. But this particular threat was most present for the older
and more damaged individuals. During some recent studies (5-6 years) of
Cromagnon Man it was discovered that these folks were covered in broken
bones, arthritic joints, spongy bones, spinabifida, etc. because of the hard
life they lived having to manualy chase down the dinner and kill up close
with rocks and sticks. If you get a chance try to get a peek at some of the
pictures. I remember one of a girl around 16 whose knees and back looked
like they belonged to somebody 80 years old.
If you feel there is no point in arguing (which I don't feel we are doing
since it seems pretty civil, we have widely seperate views) why resond?
That is like asking somebody a person question and then when getting the
answer saying you don't care. Just for the record, I am enjoying the
discourse. But since you are not I won't continue this thread any longer.
A straw man is where one claims one situation is analgous to another
different situation. This is not a straw man because we are talking about
the same issue but discussing the effect of size on behaviour.
Motorola, AMD, Sematech, etc. have all been fined over the last years for
doing just this to the waters around Austin. When I was working at Austin
Community College over the last 2 1/2 years (prior to going to work for
Tivoli - IBM 4 months ago) my primary responsibility was building a wafer
fab training facility at the Riverside campus from donations from these
folks and many others localy (Applied Material, Varian, etc.) I got to spend
a lot of time in site in areas that normaly are not open to outsiders. If
these big plants have problems regulating their emissions with their budget
and reams of paper just image what a startup hard for cash would do if they
thought they could get away with it "just this one time". I think the way
Crystal Semiconductor (ie fabless) does their design is the way to go for
small startups, simply rent production facilities from these other
companies. I know that, for example, each of the companies here in Austin
are in the process of shutting down older fabs and don't have plans to
upgrade them for at least a couple of years. For somebody like Crystal that
is a god send. It means they can bring products to market for costs way
below what it would have originaly cost, and the larger company gets to
bring in income on equipment it had originaly written off. Sounds like a
win-win to me.
Sorry, but a simple reading of the Austin American Statesman (admittedly a
shitty paper very highly biased) will provide numerous instances of such
dumps over the last few years.
But they are for the simple reason that we are talking about two entities
which each claim a right to some behaviour. And in this case directly
comparable because a person working is comparable to a business working.
Each provides services and expects a return.
Now the argument goes with persons that a person does not have a inherent
right to income. In other words if a company shuts down and they are laid
off w/o any other work forthcoming it is their fault for not seeking the
appropriate training and such (ie resources) to get another job with a
better future.
Now with business the claim is that they should have some rights comparable
to persons, however they should also be given the right to open their doors
for business even if they can't demonstrate some level of competency and
ability to survive in the market. This is carried to the point that they
should be allowed to operate without regulation or other forms of checks and
balances on their actions.
Now if a real person does not have a right to income if they don't posses
the requisite skills why should a business be allowed to do it without
showing the same sort requisite skills? Why should the local community be
forced to take on the burden of such a venture simply because the business
is a 'virtual' person? It is becoming pretty clear with the change in
welfare (which I support) that our society does not feel an obligation to
support folks for more than 2-3 years on the social dole without some return
on investment. Why should the city be required to provide utilities and
other services without some assurance they will get the public funds (ie
your money and mine) back? We as citizens in Austin certainly don't recieve
stock or other benefit from this other than the jobs it creates for persons
with the requisite skill.
I understand that they were arrested for the noise and such and not for the
food. The reason that the permit was refused (wrongly I agree) was that the
HD did not want the people out on the street causing a disturbance.
What they did should be protected if it is in the right place and at the
right time. The right of the poeple to assemble has an important caveat.
If I may,
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. If you will notice it says 'peaceably', I do not believe this should include
standing on the corner with a bullhorn screaming at people. A more
appropriate strategy would have been to walk over and give the government
folks food also with little political pamphlets wrapped around their
weenies. They would have most likely eaten their food, looked at the
pamphlet, got a good chuckle and gone back to being good little prols.
As the situation was at fist described is not quite how it was. This bozo
apparently was on the corner with the direct intention of harrassing folks.
This is uncalled for behaviour in such a situation. I agree with the
conclusion that there was an alterior motive other than feeding the
homeless. It sounds more like a podium for a personal tirade.
                                                Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-03 22:22:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then why didn't the costs rise at the same rate as the general inflation
rate instead of tens of times faster? If the cost of airline tickets matched
the rise in milk then my gallon of milk would cost over $10 instead of the
$2 (this x5 factor I got from a news show the other nite, I have not
verified it) it costs now (and it has remained pretty constant over the last
10 years or so arguing that something has been balancing that inflation rate).
Since the inflation rate on a dollar is flat across the board in our economy
simple inflation does not account for this rise in prices in a niche market.
I guess it could be in the case of airlines because they have had to increase
the fairs to pay for the increase in aircraft loss due to crashes and fatigue
(airlines are not replacing their aircraft as fast now as they did in the
regulation days, one of the reasons Beoing and other commercial companies
are having such a hard time.) over the last few years as well as the rise in
the price of their insurance premiums since deregulation to compensate for
the increased payouts both due to increased frequency of crashes since
deregulation and the increase in the payouts to the victims and their families.
I would guess that insurance companies don't like paying for a multi-million
dollar plane unless they have to. They are in the business of not paying off
after all.
If it was a single case I would agree, the reason that I put several
unconnected fields which share one thing, the loss of government regulation.
What we are looking at is a inflation rate for unregulated commodities
like milk (for example) and compare them to the difference in operating
costs between a regulated versus a unregulated role. It is clear that with
a increase of x5 in this area and something like < x2 in the commodities
area that something is at play here other than pure inflation.
A straw man is where I take one situation and compare it to another. I am
taking your supposition and applying it to a economic model that fits both
cases. Both businesses and individuals survive by trading their outgoing
products for incoming products. The issue is whether the rules that apply to
one should apply to another. If you look at the gross cash flow between a
business and a individual they are identical. Since we are talking about
gross cash flow in both cases it does not qualify for straw man status.
Your contention was that a business should enjoy some of the same rights
that a person does because it was owned and operated by a person or persons.
Since I own and operate my computer and it is an inanimate object like the
system of rules and procedures used by a business they are comparable in
this case, as is comparison to any other inanimate object. The key points
here are that people have rights and your contention that because businesses
are owned and operated by people they should have rights as well. My goal is
to determine your litmus test (if you will) as to how you determine that a
business is eligible for such right but a automobile is not. Simply saying
they are different is not sufficient in this case.
I get it, it just doesn't make sense when looked at the way you are looking
at because you have still failed to elucidate your litmus test. Obviously it
is more complicated than simple ownership or else anything owned would
qualify. I am simply requesting clarification of the remainder of the test.
It is hard to evaluate a theory if you don't have access to the whole thing.
Sorta similar to analyzing a crypto algorithm via public peer revue.
Generaly considered a bad thing.
                                             Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-04 01:57:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tolerance (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What credentials mine or the lawyers?
Hmmm, I looked back over this and I fail to see where this interpretation
can be taken. Perhaps you as well read more than is on the page. If you
would like to address specific issues then perhaps there would be some basis
for dialog.
I have advanced several coherent theories. My primary one being that if the
9th and 10th are included in Constitutional interpretation many of the
issues, such as crypto and gun ownership, become trivial issues to resolve.
As to if it applies to cpunks and other similar 'private' resources, we will
just see how the court cases fall down the road.
Not any more than the original comments I was responding to. Anyway, what is
yoru credentials to 'call' me on it? While it may be true that you don't
agree with my views that hardly carries the weight to dismiss those views
out of hand. You sir, are not the legal benchmark in this country. I am
simply trying to change something I see as unjust.
Yes, I have asked them, both. They both agree that the issues that I raise
have NOT been tested in a court of law in this country (or any other) and
that it is possible that the inclusion of the 9th and 10th in a civil liberties case
could prove quite unsettling.  They have also warned me that quite a bit of
current legal precedence is in fact against my views. I accept this, just as
the folks who fought for womens suffrage or the end to slavery fought
against societies which enacted laws and policies that while accepted by the
vast majority as the status quo were never the less wrong. If my views were
the commen standard we wouldn't be having this discussion in the first

@_date: 1996-08-14 15:03:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 2600 (the magazine) 
Hi all,
The current issue of 2600 is out. I bought mine at Barnes & Nobles.
It has a couple of articles on cryptography as well as a port scanner
program for Linux.
                                                  Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-15 05:17:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin, TX: RoboFest 7 
Hi all,
I would like to pass the follwing along. If you have any questions then
please let me know.
If you are in Austin around this time, then stop by for a spell.
                                                       Jim Choate
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
The dates for RoboFest 7 are Sept. 14th & 15th and it will
be held at Dobie Mall this year.  If you are interested please let me know or contact Glenn Currie at  who is actually making the schedule for our guest speakers.
There aren't any monetary perks but we plan to reward our guests
with T-shirts, videos and movie passes to our film festival.
Please let us know by August 15th if you are interested and
can make it.  Also please let us know a title or topic of your
talk. And finally how do you want to be billed in the program.
Hope you can make it.
Sonia Santana
Admin. Coordin.
The Robot Group

@_date: 1996-08-15 13:18:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [NOISE] "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Pitty somebody doesn't bring a suite against the FCC under this logic. It
would particularly impact radar detectors, cell phones, and other types of
                                                 Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-16 06:34:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [NOISE] "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches (fwd) 
Hi all,
Simple actualy. The police don't need a warrant to collect such information
because it is in the public domain (ie not private and therefor requiring
a search warrant and probable cause). Therefore anybody (not just cops)
can pick it up.
It is becoming more and more popular for governments to limit the ability
of scanners and other such detectors to pick up information supposedly to protect privacy. The above states that if it is eminating from the
residence (and by extension person) and is picked up off their property,
perhaps on or in public space then it is fair game. Clearly we have
two current standards for evidence collection which are directly at odds.
States such as N. Carolina (per extension via the 14th) should be prohibited from regulating or otherwise controlling possesion and use
of radar detectors (in this case) which are currently illegal for
private persons to operate. If the police don't need a warrant to
collect information then citizens are equaly able to recieve that
information as well. Since the above ruling states that as long as the
emissions are eminating from the site and the reception takes place
other than at the site (in this case, being inside the police car)
, perhaps along a public highway, then no privacy is involved. This
means that citizens have a right, by extension, to know when they are
being beamed by radar.
This same chain of logic can be extended to cell phones and such as
This connection is even clearer when one realizes that the only difference
between IR and your cell phone eminations is frequency. The intermediate
vector boson in both cases is a photon.
It is similar to arresting somebody for wearing a blue shirt but letting
the person wearing the red shirt go free. The rationale being that since
the frequency of the blue shirt is higher it is fundamentaly different
then the red shirt.
This ruling is prima facia evidence that the judicial system as a whole
has no clear grasp of technology, not just Internet technology.
                                                     Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-17 13:48:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [NOISE] "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Constitutionaly, if we are discussing search warrants there is no
difference. The 4th gives the courts no latitude on how to treat police and
'normal' citizens. They must be treated equaly.
Since when are police any different than citizens? Where are the police
mentioned in the Constitution? (hint: their not) If we are speaking of
Constitutional issues police have no powers that a ordinary citizen doesn't.
The Constitution has many directives to Courts about what they may do and how
they may do it. It at no point covers police other than the section dealing
with treasury enforcement. I would contend that citizens have exactly the same
rights and privileges as police. In fact if the general citizenry is
prohibited something (eg own a fully auto gun) then the police also are
prohibited from it. I would further hold that if it is illegal for me to
carry a gun on my hip then a police officer should also be prohibited. The
whole concept of 'citizens arrest' is based on this Constitutional premise.
It has been eroded over the years because it is a clear threat to those who
have a profit to make off our government and their mis-use of it.
Under some conditions they are allowed exactly this. Last year I had a
friend go through a divorce. As part of the agreement he was to retain
possession of some guns and other memorabilia. The wife refused to let the
husband come onto the property or contact their son. He was placed under a
bond to that effect. When he went to the judge my friend was allowed to
search the property for those items. He was advised that if he met any
resistance to contact the Sheriff's office who would then arrest the wife
for contempt of court. It is up to the court, not the police, to decide who
is an officer of the court and why. The judge was able to specificaly
list the items and had probable cause in that the material was not the wifes
but rather the husbands. To allow her to keep them would constitute state
sanctioned theft. The court could not use a police officer because they are
not empowered to enforce civil decree's. Refusal to abide by the civil
decree would constitute a criminal act and the court could then require the
police to intercede.
The 4th is a directive to courts on when they may issue search warrants. Who
executes them is covered (via the 9th and 10th) by state and local law (per
extension by the 14th).
papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. But police have no Constitutional right to search anything, courts do. In no
way can the Constitution be honestly extended to allow police the right to
search anyone until directed by a court.
I have to disagree. The issue is not what is being carried on the medium but
rather can I measure that medium without a warrant if I am a officer of the
court or empowered by law as the police. Implicit in this question is the
fact that my goal is to gather information to be presented to a court for
legal action against the party being monitored. This was a strawman that the
court fell for, the defence attorney didn't understand the technology either.
To argue that if I measure some quantity and no modulation is present I may
present that as evidence, but if modulation is present then I need a warrant
to even measure it is ludicrous and screams 'alterior motive'. I would say
that the argument of the state of the light (ie on/off) is modulation and
therefore may be extended to limit unwarranted measurement.
So, all I need to do is to modulate the IR lamps with a commen radio. Then
they can watch all they want with cameras and such. No warrant, no evidence.
Do you figure X-10 modulation would qualify? Wouldn't the on/off caused by
the AC power qualify as modulation of the light?
Obstruction of what justice? The goal is to keep the speed down so people
are not killed. It is NOT to give the police a means to gather operating
funds. If the police were honest in this pursuit they would sit on the side
of the road radaring to their hearts content as long as their lights were on
indicating they were actively on duty while everyone else zoomed along
listening to their detectors buzz. Yes, we would have much less money from
tickets but we would have many more living people paying taxes as well. I
also suspect that if this were implimented it would take many fewer police
to regulate traffic further reducing the needs for money. The law was
specificaly and openly put in place because the radar detector decreased the
chances of the police from catching and ticketing you, somewhat different
than enforcing public safety.
The police in a democratic society should never be allowed to skulk around
monitoring the populace.
Cops hiding in the bushes and other such tactics are not law enforcement but
rather state sanctioned theft. Gives 'highwayman' a whole new slant.
The argument that by allowing such activity the police are prohibited from
catching criminals ignores the fact that the police are firstly enforced
with public safety. Their primary job is to PREVENT the incident within
their operating parameters and only secondarily to apprehend participants
after the fact.
Again, a strawman the courts and lots of others have swallowed.
I also see the other side, I believe the Constitutional approach that I
advocate can meet and defeat any argument they may present PROVIDED the
court does not have a alterior motive of sustaining the status quo but
rather an open goal of enforcing the Constitution for life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness.
I believe that is a rare find indeed. Don't get me wrong. I estimate the
chance of my success to win support, let alone actualy getting any of it
implimented, as pretty close to nil. But if I don't discuss it on public
forums such as this then who else will?
Because courts, not police are empowered to search. Constitutionaly a police
officer may detain you (by local law) but he may NOT search you until presented
to a magistrate. This is what was meant by 'fair and speedy trial'. Constitutionaly there is no distinction. Police are citizens also.
Exactly, and by extension you should need a warrant to monitor ANY other
form of EM radiation when acting as a officer of the court collecting
information or evidence relating to possible or existing proceedings.
Is irrelevant. You can't know that fact without first measuring the medium.
Sorta defeats the whole purpose. You have to measure it to determine if you
can measure it, stupid or premeditated misrepresentation.
How? It certainly raises the spectre of 'strawman'. Attempting to change the
subject to 'freedom of speech' is not a respectable tactic. What is on the
shirt is irrelevant.
But how do you determine that without first measuring it? I don't think that
'probable cause' or 'oath or affirmation' were meant to include 'gut
                                                  Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-22 13:36:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Noise] RE: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Acti... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Might I add:
United States of America, proposed by Congress, and ratified by the Legislatures of the several States, pursuant to the fifth Article of the original Constitution. not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.

@_date: 1996-08-28 22:02:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: **"OuR" Project press release** (fwd) 
Hi all,
I thought I would forward this so those less connected might know of amateur
space technology. With a factor of 5 increase in altitude these folks will
be putting things in LEO. My guess, 3-5 years.
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1996-12-14 18:35:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ITARs effects (fwd) 
Hi all,
Forwarded message:
I believe the first site to carry PGP 1.0 was Adelante BBS in Colorado where
Phil was living at the time. I was a user of that site when 1.0 was put
online and made publicaly available. I still have the Amiga disk those files
were d/l'ed on.
Somebody should ask Phil if he put v1.0 on any sites prior to Adelante.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com
Best wishes and happy holidays to you all.

@_date: 1996-12-15 13:49:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: In Defense of Anecdotal Evidence (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Published reports as done in the computer magazines are anecdotal evidence.
They neither print their error bands on their stats, the raw results of
their tests, or their complete test proceedures.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1996-12-20 12:11:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Solidarity with Peruvian Guerrilla! (fwd) 
Hi all,
MRTA is a bunch of terrorists, irrespective of whether the issues they are
trying to deal with are legitimate. They have threatened to kill people
if they don't get their way. This alone is enough for me to not support them. They also have taken their internal bitch outside their unhappy home and involved other nationalities. If they were my neighbors I would
call the cops and if allowed on the jury I would give them the max.
What I would suggest is that the Japanese take as many of the MRTA out
as they possibly can.
I support the Japanese. Screw the MRTA and the Peruvian government, little
Hitlers are little Hitlers.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1996-12-30 17:02:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New crypto regulations (fwd) 
Hi all,
Forwarded message:
The distinction between analog and digital is a technicality and not
a distinction I want my civil liberties hanging from.
An analog signal is just a digital signal with a word length greater than
the resolution of the machine. Also one can claim that because electricity
is carried by distinct charges it is digital. Counter this is that the
charges themselves can take on multiplicity of ranges.
A digital signal is just a analog signal of on and off, direct current one
might say that is simply turned on and off.
Ad nausium...
Realisticaly nothing. The real discussion going on here, broken into a
multiplicity of special interests pov's, is whether we as individuals have a
right to communicate to each other and exactly under what conditions that
communication can be monitored, manipulated, prohibited, etc. Balancing the
theory behind democracy and multiplicity of views versus the prohibition of
various types of acts, distinct and class(ical), which pose threats to
individuals, groups, and potentialy national interests is the point...
If looked at rationaly, saying I can tell you something if written in a
particular code, alphabetic and artistic issues at point, on a certain type
of material is ok while if I transfer the identical information using some
other code and media it is not is looney tunes. The 'control' types would
like us to believe that media is the real issue here, not what is actualy
being said. A point easily confused by somebody who doesn't know what the
word(s) mean.
A very popular view, and not one I consider 'bad', is that we should err on
the side of safety. This means that we don't change the status quo too fast.
Not necessarily because we like the results being measured in human misery
but because while we might relieve their misery in the short term we might
'unbalance' the political situation. History is rife with the results of
such periods. However, I balance this with the realisation that once it is
clear something needs to be done it is better to go ahead and commit to the
results even though we recognise a priori that some results may not
necessarily be to our liking. We just have to deal with them when we figure
out which ones they are. The trick between these two is to find a 'litmus
test' which will provide an observer some sort of measure of their position
between the two (or more) positions.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1996-07-13 14:53:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? (fwd) 
Hi all,
Forwarded message:
I can verify this ability of telephone switches and number tracking. From
1984 to 1990 I worked for the University of Texas at Austin in their
Physical Plant Telco shop. I worked on a NT SL-1 based switch feeding voice,
data, and analog signals all over campus as well as interfacing to SWBT's
trunk lines.
I personaly used the system to track on campus phreak and hack attacks as
well as feeding the universities computerized security system. We used a
Charles Rivers 68/35 running building control software. With it we could
track various aspects of the telephone switch and log them offline. We used
the system strictly for input of signals for physical security (ie door
switches, mag-locks, PIR's, etc.) over the dry pair of the switch.
Watch your 6's.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1996-07-20 01:20:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inventor of radio... 
Hi all,
I would like to correct a misconception about who is credited with the
invention of radio. Nikola Tesla has held the credit for the creation since
the resolution of the original lawsuit in the mid-80's.
                                                    Jim Choate
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1996-07-20 13:49:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: American People the relation to the Police 
Forwarded message:
I am a US citizen. My family were French Heugonauts who came here to escape
persecution on religious grounds in the late 1590's. One of my ancestors,
Rufus Choate, was a lawyer who argued Women Suffrage to the Supreme Court
(he lost AFAIK) in the 1890's.
I am operating under two premises. First, that the Constitution is the
supreme law of the land. I am also interpreting it literally, under the
assumption that our founding fathers were reasonably intelligent men and
knew how to express their intents clearly. It is only our desire to avoid
the uncertainty that some of the rights imply (eg speech) as well as the
potential damage they might cause that clouds the issues for us. In short
the uncertainty in constitutional law comes from us and not the
I disagree. This country fought two wars of liberation (you forgot about
1812) and a civil war to discredit this thesis in relation to a Democracy
founded upon individual liberty. It is no coincidence that the Tree of Liberty
needs watered with blood on occasion. It is how the value of human life and
the pursuits thereof are measured.
The entire point of the Second Amendment to the Constitution is to guarantee
that the Federal Government does not have sole access to and use of deadly
force. The Militia exists to fight the Federal government and other internal
insurrections. The Army and Navy are pointed outward, from a constitutional
point any use of these forces inside the border of the United States against
US citizens is prohibited. At no point is the military given authority over
any civil organization or individuals in the Constitution other than in
times of war with declaration of Martial Law. I further contend that without
Martial Law being called the current use of the military in civil law
enforcement are unconstitutional.
I will further contend that various parts of the Constitution clearly
show intent on the part of the founding fathers to limit the ability of the
Federal government to use force. We should recognize what they seemed to
have understood viceraly. All rights stem from an individual being alive.
Civilization and Democracy in particular should be to increase the ability
of an individual to do this. They also understood that democratic government
were entered into by the founders (at least, automatic citizenship clouds
this issue down the road) voluntarily and with the clear intent to better
their position in the world. To this end the avoidance of the use of
violence at all costs short of losing your life is a major plus. The
constitutional point is to reduce the need for violence.
Revolution and War are not murder unless you lose. This is a basic tenet of
I want to be sure you understand I am NOT calling for the use of force
against anyone. I believe the only legitimate use of force is in the
immediate and direct threat to ones life. I also think that the majority of
our current problems can be resolved by the inclusion of the 9th and 10th
Amendment in our legal system.
How many of them died? Beaten? And from what? Seems I see a article now and
again about somebody getting killed from rubber bullets, tear gas, beatings,
etc. from police and other related forces.
You don't have to fall off a mountain to understand the implications of a
fall, understanding does not require direct experience in all cases.
If true, it doesn't speak very highly of the British people.
                                              Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-07-20 13:59:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inventor of radio... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You should be able to find it via the patent office webpage. I believe the
year was 1985, but I could be wrong.
                                           Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-07-20 14:17:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It depends on several things. It is possible using the right combination of
frequency and voltage (ie Tesla Coil) to have literaly millions of volts
running over your body with no effect. There is an effect of electricity,
The Skin Effect, where as the frequency and voltage rise the actual flow of
electrons moves to the outer surface of conductors. There is little or no
rf current flowing in the center of the wire.
                                                     Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-07-23 16:58:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The laws of social science are the consequence of the laws of physics. One
of the primary, if not the primary, assumption of Physics is that natural
laws are isotropic and homogeneous. If they are not then we are all in deep
deep trouble (Vinge not withstanding). The relationship between the laws of
social science and physics is analgous to the relationship between the base
pairs in DNA and the concept of a gene. There is a distinct difference in
the nature but the latter can not exist without the former.
One of the primary observations about genetic programming is that the max
you get is best considered local and 'good enough', not optimal. An argument
based on genetic programming must admit prima facia that there is the
potential for a better answer.
                                                  Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-07-25 18:17:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks for copy protection in recent Billbo (fwd) 
Hi all,
The Sampling Theorem in operation is a little more complicated than the
model that is being discussed.
Forwarded message:
Actualy the sampling theorem states that if you want to reproduce a signal
reliably it must be sampled at a frequency AT LEAST TWICE that of the
highest frequency of interest in the FFT of the signal. This means the
signal must be deformable into sine waves, not all signals qualify for this
particular limitation and in general are not good signals for sampling.
An example is a step change from v1 to v2. since there is no change in
voltage except for a brief moment the output of the FFT is pretty much flat.
What comes out the other end looks like a spike (similar to what happens when
you feed a square wave to a transformer and look at the output). If you
reconstruct this via the sampling theorem you get a sign wave of extremely
low amplitude and frequency.
If you think of a FFT as taking a signal and breaking it down into componant
frequencies. Then think of a hair comb where the lowest frequencies are the
bigger teeth (put them to the L. when looking at it). Because sign waves
have zero crossings a single sample per cycle is not enough. By taking at
least two samples a cycle you are guaranteed not to miss the presence or
absence of a componant frequency. So this guarantees that we get a accurate
count of componants and their phase relations to each other (where the
arbitrary time reference comes in - really a fixed frequency clock). Back to
the comb. Where a given signal has a componant leave the teeth. Where there
is no componant break them off. You are left with a ratty looking comb. Now
to each of the remaining teeth assign an amplitude for that specific
frequency that is consistent with the FFT you calculated. The way this FFT
is implimented in practice is called a 'Comb Filter' where it samples the
signal (wide bandwidth) over a set of very small bandwidth filters in
parallel. Scanning the output of the filters at a fixed rate you get a phase
relation as well. Digitize the signals in a particular pattern and you are
ready to cut your CD or whatever.
It does NOT guarantee faithful representation of the original signal but
rather a signal with the same energy spectrum and phase characteristics.
One of the basic ideas of Algebra is that any given curve can be explained
by a arbitrary set of equations. The Sampling Theorem just gives you a
rationale for picking from that set.
Exactly what the theorem is supposed to produce. You take your original
signal and run it through a FFT. You look at the bandwidth you desire. The
highest frequency of interest is 1/2 or less your sampling frequency. With
this information you can build a set of sine waves whose amplitude is given
by the FFT along with phase relations. Since you are breaking the signal
into sine waves (which happen to be well defined) all you realy need is to
know the maximum and minimum amplitudes as well as their phase to some
arbitrary but constant time reference. Sum them back together on the other
side and what you got? A reasonable useable copy of your original signal.
This is why DSP's are optimized for multiplication (multiply the amplitude
of that componant by its presence in the FFT) and summing (add them together
to get the target signal). Generaly because of noise and similar phenomena
it is commen to multiply and add windows of samples (ie averaging).
Actualy I believe the decision was made by Philips (the inventor of the CD)
to settle on the 44kHz sample rate because of some design option it
simplified. I unfortunately don't remember anything more specific than that.
Anyone got the CD Rom bible?
                                              Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-07-31 11:31:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: You know it's getting late when... (fwd) 
Hi all,
Forwarded message:
So we should take your personal opinion as fact? What statistics do you base
this on? What are the vertical scales, number killed? What is the horizontal
scale measured in, number wanted to kill?
I suspect it simply is not possible to measure such a phenomena as terrorism
as anything other than a simple counting game. The problem becomes quite
quickly, what qualifies as terrorism?
Consider (to some) a trivial example. There are 20 million cats and dogs
killed each year because somebody was irresponsible. The vast majority of
these are or were pets (not feral or wild animals as some would claim) which
persons simply didn't want anymore. Now there is somewhere around 250
million people in the US. This means that 1 out of 10 (roughly) are costing
the rest of us about $50 ea. to take care of their pet 'problem'.
I see no difference in having my money taken via taxes (where most of it
comes from) for this than having somebody come and take $50 for whatever
reason by kicking my front door in. Why am I being forced to pay this money
to pay for somebody elses lack of discipline and simple human empathy?
                                               Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-07-31 13:14:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Taxes in the digicash world (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The State of Texas requires by law that tax be paid on out of state
purchases. You legaly should send in a check with copies of the receipts
each year to the State Comptrollers Office. Historicaly everyone ignores it.
                                                    Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-08-01 04:41:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ****Tacoma, Washington Starts Taxing Internet Access 07/30/96 (fwd) 
Hi all,
Forwarded message:
Somebody needs to do their homework. Austin, TX has been taxing ISP's
for at least a year now. A recent Internet Provider meeting on this
issue resulted in a return to ISP's of a goodly amound of their taxes
because of various issues (read that I didn't go to meeting, I don't run an
ISP but a SOHO consultancy w/ Internet services).
I have to pay the state 8.25% interest on any funds my customers deliver
to me.
                                                       Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-11-01 18:27:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: WWII & Japan (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I like Toland a lot. I do not accept what he says without reservation.
The war trials for the Japanese were compromised by a variety of political
intrigues. Ranging from political issues regarding the best way to govern
the war torn country (ie can't kill too many of them or the Japanese will
simply pick up weapons again with an estimated 1,000,000 US dead as a
result) to the biological weapons that were developed which were quite
useful for the Allies sans the Soviets. Hawaii appears in *NO* MAGIC transmissions of that time period. If you,
Toland, or anyone else can give specifig MAGIC intercepts I would be greatly
appreciative. The MAGIC intercepts did mention Borneo, The Ka Peninsula, and
the Phillipines (where the B-17's were headed that were destroyed at Pearl).
The radio traffic analysis, ship movement analysis, etc. did not point to a
specific target (how could they considering the breath of the Japanese
opening attacks all over the Pacific) only that the Japanese were serious.
The isolationists were never convinced (eg Lindbergh) that war was the right
thing to do.
There was nothing unexpected about the tactics. There were two previous test
of shallow water torpedo attacks, both successful. The first was by the British
and the second was by the US at Pearl (how is that for irony?) which was
attended by Japanese observers. The heads of state and military did not
seriously believe Hawaii was a realistic target and therefore looked
Sun Tzu says the first target in war is your opponents mind, the Japanese
took it to heart.
                                                  Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-11-06 19:24:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more [RANT] (fwd) 
Hi all,
There is one important legal aspect which the operator of the Cypherpunks
mailing list has opened themselves up for with this action. In short they
have now opened themselves up for defamation and liable suites by imposing
an editorial policy on the contents of this list (1).
This opens up the potential, for example, for Tim May to sue the operator of
the Cypherpunks mailing list now for posts from users (even anonymous ones)
which defame or otherwise liable his character, reputation, or ability to
pursue income in his chosen field. In short the operators of the list
becomes publishers and distributors of the material. It is the legal
difference between a bookstore and a book publisher. Censorship is censorship, irrespective of the source of the limitation.
Free expression is impossible in an environment of censorship. The right to
speak not only implies a right to not speak, it also implies the right to
emit complete mumbo jumbo. The actual content of the speech is irrelevant.
The Constitution guarantees freedom of speech and press. This does not imply
in any way an abrogation of responsibility by the party speaking or
distributing it. Only that they would not have limitations on their actions
imposed by the federal government.
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. And just to make shure it is clear, the right to put something on the paper
(ie speech) is distinctly different from being the one doing the actual
I have argued in the past that this list is a defacto public list because of
the way it is advertised and to the extent it is advertised. All the protests
by the operator to the contrary will not convince a court.
Hope you folks have a good lawyer.
(1)  ;login:, Oct. 1996, V21N5, pp. 27
                                                    Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-11-09 11:32:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: exclusion/censorship and the law (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
He certainly can, this list runs under Majordomo which allows exactly this
kind of control if desired. I use it on my own lists and am quite familiar
with its operation. It is completely feasible for the operator to look at
EVERY submission prior to re-distribution and set the time stamp in such a
manner that there would be no evidence it ever occured.
How often it occurs is irrelevant, this is like saying one rape is not a
crime but two is. Utter hogwash. Vulis was removed from the list, this
means he can't SUBMIT posts. This is censorship. The act was based on the
content or personality of Vulis' submissions. It was not based on a
limitation of the software, the Internet feed to the list, or the ability of
the hardware to handle more traffic. In short it was an emotionaly based
I have read it. I live in Austin, TX. and am quite familiar with the whole
Steve Jackson event (I was involved in it peripheraly) as well as how it
started EFF. I am currently peripheraly involved with the Austin EFF chapter
through the Austin Cypherpunks mailing list (which I host). My first
exposure to PGP was v1.0 from Adelante BBS, and I had been using and playing
vith various crypto related programs for quite few years prior to that.
An action is right or wrong, irrespective of scale. If one person does it
doesn't make it any more wrong than if hundreds or millions do it. Right and
wrong are NOT scalable.
But this is not a private list. It has no warning about policies at
subscription time. It has been advertised for years as a open forum for the
discussion of crypto and speech related issues in clearly public venues.
I run a couple of 'private' lists. It is not possible for you or any other
party to become involved without agreeing before the fact to certain
editorial policies. This does not occur here. Where the 'press' is located
is irrelevant to this discussion. The point which seems to be missed is that
it takes in a single submission and then distributes multiple copies
(without editing) to ANYONE who wishes to subscribe.
In point of fact, the various articles in Mondo 2000 (back when the list
first started) and those since can be clearly interpreted as an invitation to
join the list via clearly publicly distributed medium. In effect it would be
like declaring your home an 'Open House' via the local newspaper.
Then don't invite people to your house via magazines, newspapers, or Intenet.
Unrestricted speech is a good thing. Speech without personal responsibility
for the consequences is a bad thing. There were no consequences to Vulis'
speech other than the emotional impact it apparently had on the list
Personaly, I use the same standards of speech that I apply to the public at
large as I do to that small sector I explicity invite into my home. I don't
have a double standard in this regards.
Who does the throwing is irrelevant. The point is that a policy of
'hands-off' was enacted over the years and it was changed with  no warning
or opportunity for other list members to become involved. This list is a
community, it is not some individuals private property. In no way can you
successfuly argue that my email address in the subscription list qualifies
me in any way as 'property' of the list operator nor does it imply any
agreement on my part to allow that party editorial control of my submission
under the previous submission limitations (ie none).
Another aspect is that the credibility of this list as an open forum for the
discussion of crypto and speech related issues has been tarnished if not
downright lost.
As to the anarchy aspect, that has forever been lost.
It has nothing really to do with the First. It does have to do with the
agreed upon contract between the operator of the list and its subscribers.
By enacting this policy of censorship the original 'contract' (ie none) has
been broken and a new contract put in place. Had everyone received a warning
and then been unsubscribed and at the time of re-subscription a clearly
worded explanation of new policy been made available I would have no
problem. I do have a problem with arbitrary reprisals against individuals
based upon their submission content. There but by the grace of God go I (or
As a matter of fact, the issues raised in both the CompuServe and Prodigy
cases did NOT revolve around the First but rather who held editorial
control. This is EXACTLY the issue here. My previous referal to ;login
is a pointer to a discussion of these two cases explicitly.
public list = unmoderated and open to anyone
Not at all. A 'public' list is a list which has no editorial policy and is
open to any party for membership. It in effect has no qualification
Can it be extended to my operation of a paper printing press in my garage
through which I distribute pamphlets or flyers to any party which requests
them by sending me their address? If so then it applies here.
But to do this they MUST post or publish those codes in a place where a
patron can clearly see them. This was not done here.
I run several lists including two that are crypto related (Austin
Cypherpunks and Advanced Computer Experimenters).
Among other things I am bitching about the arbitrary and unfair way this
list is being run considering the environment it was supposed to foster.
                                                   Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-11-09 11:50:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [rant] Re: Censorship on cypherpunks (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The lack of an explicit contract detailing this is what makes it impossible
for the operator of the list to enforce such actions. When I subscribed I
gave the operator no permission to edit or otherwise control my submissions.
I also gave no permission for such submissions to be considered property by
any party other than myself. It is not possible to argue that my
subscription implied such permission.
When I subscribed to the cpunks list it was with the explicit intent of
seeing a multiplicity of views, not those views which happen to be
acceptable to the list operator.
The fact that he chooses to host the list by paying its bills is irrelevant.
If the operator wants to protect themselves legaly as well as ethicaly they
should put a notice at time of subscription detailing exactly what editorial
policies are active as well as sending a policy notification to all
currently subscribed members.
                                                     Jim Choate
ps I never saw the post about the camp ground example. If the author would
   please forward me a copy I would be happy to critique it.

@_date: 1996-11-09 12:04:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pseudo-law on the list and libel (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not at all. The drunk is not being ejected on the content of their
expression (beliefs). Vulis posed no physical or economic danger to anyone, the
operator simply could take no more of his POV. This is distinctly different
than the example you are trying to equate. In short, another straw man.
Only if you advertise the party through a public forum as open to anyone and
you are the one supplying the booze (as advertised in the ad).
The operator of this list has NEVER implicity or explicity expressed any
form of policy concerning who may subscribe to cpunks.
My subscription to this mailing list does not imply any ownership toward its
operator. He owns the software and hardware, he does not own my thoughts or
the fact that I use this forum to distribute them. The fact he pays the
bills does not give him any right to edit or otherwise control my
submissions without an explicit warning to me prior to his acceptance of my
Try CompuServe and Prodigy. The logic that was used in both those cases
is 1-to-1 applicable to this.
For somebody who supposedly supports individual initiative, liberty, and
anarchy you sure rely on precedence a lot. The whole point to crypto,
Internet, and technology in general is to break the status quo not to
promote it.
Look at the recent 'Hooters' case involving women waitpersons.
For a business establishment to impose 'no shirt, no shoes, no service" they
MUST post such rules in a public place. This was NOT done EVER on cpunks.
Again, you are trying to equate two distinctly different cases as equivalent,
another straw man.
                                                  Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-11-09 12:13:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: Dr. Vulis (ad nauseum) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Who or how many own the (digital) press is irrelevant.
Exactly! With no policy and the wide advertising of this list as a open
forum for the discussion of crypto and speech related issues such action by
the list operator constitute censorship (ie editorial control) and make the
operator legaly responsible for the actions of those messages which LEAVE
his machine. No contract means no contract. It applies to all parties
Nobody ever suffers enough.
I suggest you read the 9th Amendment again then. You obvously didn't get the
point the other time(s).
Vulis's speech was not distruptive. It did not interfere with anyone else
being able to submit or filter submissions. His speech was outside the norm
but posed no threat to the operation of the cpunks mailing list.
Agreed. It was intended to make the point that this is the ideal we should
all be striving for. We as members of a free democratic society should NEVER
censor anyone on the content of their speech.
This list is a digital press.
Then you have not been reading a lot of computer and crypto related
material. I see references to this list and how to subscribe several times a
year in various sources going back several years.
True, but the paper MUST publish that policy in its editions. Which papers
and magazines do religously.
                                                           Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-11-09 12:33:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more [RANT] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy bookstores distribute the books they are under contract to distribute
via the publishers they have contracts with. An easy way to tell if a
bookstore is a reasonable distributor and one with some level of ethics is
to ask if they participate in the yearly banned books week. If they don't I
would suggest you go elsewhere.
Businesses in general are not allowed to prohibit patrons based on their
belief, speech, or action unless it can be shown to pose some threat to the
operation of the business or they post said policy in a public place where
patrons can see it. An example may be in order. Here in Austin, TX. we have a problem with bums
and kids who are homeless. They urinate on the walls and commit various
other acts that are not acceptable to the community at large. In order to do
anything about these people on public property the city HAD to pass two
laws. These two laws are that it is now unlawful to camp overnite on public
property. In effect you cannot reside on public property in Austin, TX
between midnite and 6am. The other law was that it is now a crime in Austin,
TX to emit a 'objectionable odor in public'. Strictly interpreted if you are
in a city park at 12:01AM or before 6:00AM you can be arrested. Also, if
you were to emit a fart outside your personal property you can be arrested.
(Note that these laws have not resolved the indigent problems we have here)
In short without this law (ie contract) it was not possible for the city or
private businesses to do anything about this.
Irrelevant. The point is that bookstores are not legaly responsible for the
contents of those books except in very special cases. The distributors or
publishers are responsible. This list qualifies as a publisher so long as
it retains editorial control of content of submissions prior to distribution.
If they have no editorial control then they are in the situation of a
bookstore which is protected from legal action on the contents of the books
they carry except under special conditions. The action taken by the list
operator explicity acts as an example of that editorial control.
What has happened here is that a member of a community has been expunged
based on their beliefs. Not on any particular action they took which posed
any sort of threat to that community.
                                                   Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-11-09 15:47:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mailing list liability 
Parts of the following are taken verbatim from (1) with some rewording on my
part to make the material flow better.
Cubby v Compuserve (1991)
The court reasoned,
"in essence an electronic, for profit library that carried a vast number of
publications and collected usage and membership fees from its subscribers in
return for access to the publications."
The court further ruled that Compuserve had no more editorial control over
Rumorville than "does a public library, book store, or newsstand, and it
would be no more feasible for Compuserve to examine every publication it
carries for potentialy defamatory statements than it would be for any other
distributor to do so."
The court also found, "A computerized database is the functional equivalent
of a more traditional news vendor, and the inconsistent application of a
lower standard of liability to an electronic news distributor such as
Compuserve than  that which is applied to a public library, a book store, or
a newsstand would impose an undue burden on the free flow of information.
Given the relevant First Amendment  considerations, the appropriate standard
of liability is whether it knew or had reason to know of the allegedly
defamatory Rumorville statements."
The court held that Compuserve was not liable because Compuserve was a
"distributor" and not a "publisher." The court concluded that because
Compuserve did not actively monitor the postings of the forum, it was a
In summary, the court compared Compuserve to a bookstore selling the book
rather than the publisher of the book.
Cianci v New Times Publishing Co. (1980)
"one who repeats or othewise republishes defamatory matter is subject to the
liability as if he had originaly published it."
Lerman v Chuckleberry Publishing, Inc. (1981)
The court held that with respect to news vendors, book stores, and libraries
are not liable if "vendors and distributors of defamatory publications are
not liable if they neither know nor have reason to know of the defamation."
Stratton Oakmont v Prodigy (1995)
The critical issue in Prodigy was whether Prodigy exercised sufficient
editorial control over its computer bulletin boards to render it a publisher
with the same responsibilities as a newspaper or magazine.
The court reasoned that there were two distinctions in this case sufficient
to qualify Prodigy as a publisher. First, it held itself out to the public
and its members as controlling the content of its computer bulletin boards.
Second, Prodigy implimented this control through its automated software and
established guidelines  that board leaders were required to enforce. Prodigy
was clearly making decisions as to content. Such decisions constitute
editorial control.
(1)  ;login:, Oct. 1996, V21N5 pp27.

@_date: 1996-11-09 21:09:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mailing list liability (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It is exactly editorial control because it prevents, a priori, submissions by
Vulis under that account. He is FORCED to resort to other means. That is
what the courts will see, it is what the jury will see, and it is what will
eventualy sink the list, and place its operator under financial burden for
I joined this list under my own volition, I agreed to no review by the list
operator at any time. I did not agree to not hurt his feelings with my
comments or views. I did not agree to agree with the operator of the list.
I did not agree to make him feel warm and fuzzy inside. I agreed to NOTHING
other than my permission for him to put your submissions in my email box. The
only way I can be removed from this list and not open the operator up to
legal consequences is by my own volition or the total cessation of this list.
This applies to every member subscribed so long as their is no proviso posted
at subscription time.
They were held liable for the comments of their users BECAUSE they
demonstrated editorial control. In removing Vulis from the list he has
demonstrated editorial control. Prior to this act he was immune from
rantings and ravings of the various idiots on this list. Now he is not.
The fact that it was a commercial service was irrelevant and not an issue in
the court cases. What was involved was the responsibility of the service
operators, the agreement between service and users, and who had editorial
control (users v service). And finaly, if your contention is that if you set
up a press and start cranking out flyers (digital or otherwise), which defame
or otherwise liable, you are immune from prosecution unless you are a
business then you are in for a very rude surprise.
Sooner or later somebody is going to submit a posting which will go through.
That posting will be pointed at a particular personality. That personality
will take exception and sue the list operator, and because of this action
will have a very high chance of winning. Not only does the list operator
loose but we all loose because it is going to set a precedence that will
take many years more to recover from.
I seldom get personal but there are a few of you folks that have your heads up
your collective crypto-anarchy asses. Here is a simple process whereby you
can protect yourself from legal reprisals and you don't take it. God help
you because the courts shure as hell won't.
In case you people don't get it, the whole point is to REDUCE the influence
and control of the government (local, state, and federal). NOT to give even
more fodder to shoot. For a list operator a primary if not the primary
goal is to avoid any legal involvement at all costs. Throwing people off
lists with no subscription limitations is not the way to do that. To be a
succesful list operator your scruples and the way you treat your subscribers
MUST be beyond any reproach. The bottem line is that the act was not
professional and impacts the image of mailing lists, Cypherpunks, its operator,
and its members in a negative light. I have operated BBS'es and mailing
lists since '76 and find such actions on the part of a fellow service
operator to be insulting to the profession that I have enjoyed for 20 years.
Those of you who contend that because there is no explicit contract between
operator and subscriber this is sufficient to allow the operator to enact
any policies they wish with no warning or other consideration are in for a
nasty surprise. You will find that this will in fact prevent a list operator
from doing anything other than upgrading software, buying more disk space, and
paying the bills because that is the ONLY way they will be able to retain
commen carrier style protections. Without that protection a list operator is
faced with reviewing every submission to a list prior to redistribution or
face the legal and financial consequences. I do not wish to see the Cypherpunks
mailing list to become that litmus test.
Consider this, the Cypherpunks mailing list is a very public list in many
ways it is the vanguard of what tomorrows net will be like. Is this the sort
of environment that can survive? With this as the current list policy I
think we are all taking part in a dinosaur.
                                                    Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-11-09 21:36:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Apartment complex burnt down... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I was there 2 years ago. The Red Cross is about the only group you can count
on other than family, friends and a church (if you happen to belong to one).
Getting another drivers license was a easy operation. Head down to the local
DPS office and request a replacement card for a lost license. The titles and
such for property and auto were tedious but not impossible. I didn't need to
show anything other than my drivers license and pay the requisite fees to
obtain new copies of the deeds. In general the governmental types of
documents and such were easy to replace. I personaly had all the necessary
copies of the documents I needed within a month or so. The personal items
were impossible to replace and caused the most emotional turmoil.
In many parts of the country the Red Cross is delepeted both in operating
funds and volunteers. If you can, please consider giving them your support.
I personaly didn't use them but both my roomies did.
                                                     Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-10-30 17:10:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.293 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <9610301858.AA27601 at aip.org>
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 293  October 30, 1996    by Phillip F. Schewe and Ben Stein
SIGNAL TRANSMISSION THROUGH A MAMMALIAN
NERVE-CELL NETWORK can be enhanced with the help of
electrical noise, a new experiment has shown.  First proposed to
explain the periodicity of ancient ice ages (in which the random
"noise" of climate variations may have augmented the effects of
predictable Earth-Sun distance variations from year to year) and first
experimentally demonstrated in lasers (in which the direction of laser
light traveling around a loop was switched from clockwise to
counterclockwise by adding acoustical noise to the crystal from
which the light emerged), the phenomenon of "stochastic resonance"
(SR) describes how introducing a certain amount of noise into a
system can actually enhance the transmission or detection of a weak
signal so as to maximize the ratio of signal to noise.  In the first
demonstration of SR in mammalian tissue, researchers (Mark Spano,
Naval Surface Warfare Center, 301-227-4466) apply a weak electric
signal (containing both signal and noise) to a slice of rat
hippocampus, a brain region essential for memory and other tasks. With the slice parallel to the plane in which nerve cells convert
incoming signals into electrical nerve impulses, the researchers could transmit a weak signal to all nerve cells in the network. At an
optimal noise intensity a maximum in the signal-to-noise ratio was
reached--a hallmark of SR.  This experiment offers the intriguing
possibility that SR may potentially be exploited to aid transmission,
detection and processing of signals in neuronal networks. (B.J.
Gluckman et al., Physical Review Letters, 4 November 1996.)
A QUANTUM COMPUTER COULD TOLERATE ERRORS while
carrying out calculations, researchers at Los Alamos have now
shown. Computers that operated according to the rules of quantum
mechanics have the potential to perform powerful tasks (such as
factoring huge numbers) because of  their radically different
approach to logic: unlike a conventional computer's bits, which exist
either as a 0 or a 1, a quantum bit (or "qubit") could not only exist
simultaneously as a 0 and a 1 but could interact with other qubits so
that its properties became "entangled" with those of the other qubits.
Yet some physicists argue quantum computers may be impossible to
achieve on a practical level because the slightest amount of noise
would destroy the entanglement and thus corrupt the state of the
qubits.  Up to now, proposed "quantum error correction" schemes
have shown merely how to preserve the state of qubits. Now, Los
Alamos researchers (Raymond Laflamme, 505-665-3394) have
developed an algorithm for carrying out reliable calculations on a
"qubyte" made of 7 entangled qubits while accounting for the
possibility that one of the qubits is corrupt (upcoming paper in Phys
Rev Lett).  Experimentally, quantum computing is regarded as a
long-term possibility: although quantum versions of logic gates have
been constructed (see Update  researchers are still working to
entangle more than two quantum systems at a time.
A PHOTOELECTROCHROMIC  (PEC) cell harnesses a
photochromic layer, which changes color by absorbing light, with an
electrochromic layer, which changes color under the influence of an
electric field, to make a self-powered smart window.  On a sunny
day the one layer supplies the photovoltage needed by the other layer
to darken the window, letting in less light and thus lowering air-
conditioning costs.  This photoelectrochromic process, developed by
scientists at the National Renewable Energy Lab in Golden,
Colorado, might also be useful in display applications.  (C.
Bechinger et al., Nature, 17 October 1996.)

@_date: 1996-10-30 18:55:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: WWII & Japan 
Forwarded message:
Japanese Ambassador Kichisaburo Nomura and Special Ambassador Saburo Kurusu
were to present Secretary of State Cordell Hull a Declaration of War at 1pm
Washington time on Dec. 7th. To achieve technical compliance with
international rules it was intended to be delivered approx. 30 minutes prior
to the actual attack. There were decoding difficulties however and it was
delivered after the attack. Neither of the Ambassadors is thought to have
had any knowledge of the actual attack and therefore did not understand the
criticality of delivery. Japan intended to go to war with the United States,
Great Britian, and Holland over their policies concerning the Japanese
presence in China and Manchuria.
(1)  East Wind Rain: A pictorial history  of the Pearl Harbor attack
     Stan Cohen
     ISBN 0-933126-15-8
(2>  The Pacific War Atlas 1941 - 1945
     David Smurthwaite
     ISBN 0-8160-3286-6
                                                     Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-10-31 22:09:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: WWII & Japan (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Roosevelt and close advisors were aware that Japan was on the brink of war,
as was Britian, and many civilians predicted it. They had no idea of exactly
where. The US Navy issued the last war warning on Nov. 27, 1941 based on
MAGIC intercepts. These intercepts hinted at action in Borneo, The Kra
Peninsula, or the Phillipines. At no place in any of the MAGIC intercepts was
Hawaii mentioned. In war knowing that something is going to happen without
knowing where is less than worthless because it causes you to spread your
forces too thin and reduces force reaction time. I have studied WWII
specificaly for over 30 years both historicaly and through various wargames.
What those people were asked to do they did as best they could with what
they had.
I would be interested in your source for the claim the two Ambassadors were
aware of the impending declaration. Both official Japanese documents as well
as personal memoranda refute this. Had they known a priori of what was going
to happen they would have made much greater strides to conform to the 30
minute international standard for declarations of war. The Japanese take
'face' with great gravity. They had no intention of going down as the
instigator of the day that will live in infamy. Their intention was to
declare war and impliment its first actions in a time frame that was most
favorable for them, it was not to blind side the US.
Only the MAGIC codes were broken. The Japanese Navy used JN-25 which the US
could decrypt only about 10% of the time. On Dec. 1, 1941 the Japanese
switched to JN-25b which brought their decoding efforts to a complete stop.
The "Climb Mount Niitaka" code phrase authorizing the strike on Pearl Harbor
occured on Dec. 2, 1941. It was sent using JN-25b and did not appear in any
MAGIC intercepts. It is therefore unreasonable to claim they knew before
hand what day it would occur on when the exact date had not even been
picked until such time that there was no way they could determine it.
This is a WWII myth.
up to something. This was based on submarine tracking reports, radio traffic
analysis, as well as the fact that the aircraft carriers locations were
completely lost. Again they knew something was up, just not where. The best
course of action in such a situation is to do as little as possible. Not
only does this husband your force but it provides as small a signature to
the enemy as possible that you are even aware that something is up.
The Japanese Samurai have a saying about war, "He who makes the first move
is the loser".
During November Lt. Gen. W.C. Short, commanding the army units in Hawaii,
and CINCPAC Adm. Husband Kimmel began to take steps to counter sabotage as
well as a direct attack. Their major problems were lack of training and
sufficient resources. One of the reasons the planes were lined up was
because this was SOP for anti-sabotage security. Based on MAGIC and the
other hints they got (eg radio intercept from Tokyo to Berlin hinting at
action in early Dec. against the US and allies) Hawaii was not considered a
primary target. It was felt that 3rd-column action was much more likely than
direct attack. Another good example were the B-17's which were destroyed
during Pearl Harbor as well as the seaplane tender base. Both of these were
intended to strengthen the ability of the Pacific forces to withstand attack
and go on the offensive. They just went into action too little and too late.
The biggest tactical mistake was the Japanese in not ordering a 3rd wave to
take out the fuel stores, Army facilities, and finish the airstrips.
Let's look at this realisticly. The first real inkling all hell was going to
break loose occured in early Nov. and the attack actualy took place in early
Dec. This means we are expecting the forces to respond from normal peace
time footing to full war time footing in 30 days. Not what I would call
feasible considering the level of stores available at the time. The US could
not meet such a time table today during Desert Storm, why should we accept
the premise they could have done it then as valid?
This is opinion not fact. Roosevelt introduced the bill to Congress in
January of 1941. Congress made the act law on March 11, 1941 with an initial
authorization for $7 Billion to any nation. The motivation behind it was the
fact that the US had removed from S. Africa 42 Million Pounds which was
Englands last negotiable asset. The fact is that they were broke and the
US was determined not to let that fact get in the way. It was clearly in our
self interest not to let England or any other country simply founder before
the Axis for a few bucks.
Consider, England was broke and Germany/Italy were doing quite well. The US
was at war with Japan. Japan had limited resources (eg 3-4 months crude oil
reserves at the time of Pearl Harbor, hardly sufficient for a full blown
war). The US was in absolutely no danger of going broke or running out of
resources or means to impliment their strategy. Because of this it was
agreed that Europe should be the theatre of primary concern, not the
Pacific. Had I been tasked with such a decision I suspect I would have made
the same one. I would have left the initial forces there to fend for
themselves as best they could and focus my forces on the target with the
greatest payoff in the short term.
Japans reasons for going to war were quite varied and entirely unsuitable
for further discussion on this list. However, if you would like further
information based on Japanese documents there is a book called 'The Setting
Sun' which covers the Japanese POV quite well. I unfortunately can't find my
copy and don't remember its author (John Toland?). It is currently available.
There are several points here that as presented are not sufficiently well
described to explain what was going on with the various force limiting
treaties being put in place. "Blood, Tears, and Folly" by Len Deighton has a
quite good explanation of the dynamics of these events. The book also has a
continous description of various aspects of crypto and WWII.
The first comment is true of all things and provides no method for further
exploration of historical events. It in fact is an a priori assumption in any
research. The Ambassadors had no clear inkling until after they had gotten the
dispatch decoded in toto (which they didn't do themselves but left to a
consular staff member).
                                                         Jim Choate
ps I am subscribed to the cpunks list, there is absolutely no reason to
   send me personal responces to this discussion that are then sent to
   the list. I do not wish to receive any private invitations for
   discussion of this topic.

@_date: 1996-09-08 03:58:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "The Bill of Rights can be dangerous...." (fwd) 
Hi all,
Forwarded message:
In the very early 80's while I was attending UT Austin the FBI approached
the libraries and requested access to the loan records. The libraries
refused and went so far as to post a warning at each of the book checkout
points on the event.
Personaly, I was very proud of them for the refusal and the extra step
of the warning.
I have been dealing with security electronics for over 10 years and have
never been approached by anyone regarding my activities. I make no secret of
the fact that I do that sort of work as well as being able to build custom
equipment if needed. I would suspect that there is a flag on your friend
for something or someone from the past, not on his business in particular.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1996-09-13 12:20:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fed appellate judge remarks re anonymity, free speech on the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I guess the esteemed judge doesn't believe in Halloween....
Does this also mean that he supports the complete elimination of junk mail
that has no return address on it?
Conservative AND Libertarian? Talk about a non-sequitar.
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1996-09-14 12:14:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: common sense (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
History already has examples of such incidences. Alaska, California, and
other states have tried various levels of legalization. To date I believe
that all such experiments have ended because of federal pressure on the
uncooperative states.
The Indians 'right by treaty' to operate gambling casino's is another good
example of a contemporary situation.
                                                    Jim Choate

@_date: 1996-09-17 13:00:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Count me in. I am wired 24 hrs a day via ISDN.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-04-04 17:20:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I have a problem with this process, it denies due process to the accussed.
This should be the issue of concern with Jim Bell, mainly the fact that his
property was taken on a warrant issued on oath of probable cause. If you
have enough evidence ("I think he is dangerous judge" is not evidence except
to a fool) to produce a search warrant then you should have to explain the
results of that warrant to a judge and that means the accussed has a right
to be there and have a say.
Since his property was taken for public use, protection of public officials,
then those agencies should pay him for the property and the relative worth
of the work on it OR do what Constitutionaly is correct. This is mainly at
the point of delivering the search warrant a notice of appearance before a
court should be presented to answer those charges. He has a right to face
his accusers FROM THE VERY BEGINNING OF THE CASE as well as legal council by
public appointment if required. Under the current conditions Jim Bell is
being forced to testify against himself (some argue that this is not so, if
that is true why then are we 'secure in our property and papers'?) and has
been denied the right to legal council, as well as facing his accusers in a
If this sort of check and balance is not in place then we get law
enforcement confiscating property without charges being filed and hence no
legal issues for the accussed to defend. This could be used to shutdown a
newspaper (for example) because of articles that it printed. It nearly put
Steve Jackson out of business.
This is what you should be pissed off about. Jim Bell, as we all do, carry
our own crosses. The issue is not whether Jim Bell committed a crime but
rather did the law enforcement agencies follow the Constitution they swore
to uphold.
Let's see, I believe the courts say that a 72 hour stay in jail without
charges being filed is the limit for habeas corpus. How about the accussed
has to appear before the judge along with the police within 72 hours. At
that point charges could be filed, charges dropped, payment for property, or
return of property could be handled. If the defendant doesn't appear then a
bench warrant can be issued on the premise that an attempt to flea is in
process. If the police don't show or can't produce a good enough argument
the charges get dropped and property returned along with reimbursment for
any damages to the property or losses incurred by its confiscation (the money
should come from the polic budget). If the police refuse to act then a Writ
of Habeas Corpus could be issues demanding the return of the property to the
possession of the court or face criminal action.
Police in a democracy should be conservative in action.
Bet you EFF don't do this one for free. "Oh my god, an ex-drug dealer..."
instead of "Oh my god, a poor game publisher...".
Fucking hypocrites.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-04-13 17:05:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: http:--www.cnn.com-US-9704-13-mcveigh.trial- 
CNN logo    navigation    Infoseek/BigYellow/Pathfinder/Warner Bros.    Main banner Samsung. Meeting the challenge.      rule
              MCVEIGH CASE COULD SET PRECEDENT FOR JURY ANONYMITY
      jurors.sketch
     April 13, 1997
     Web posted at: 4:01 p.m. EDT (2001 GMT)
     From Correspondent Susan Candiotti
     DENVER (CNN) -- Unless they decide to tell the world, the jurors who
     decide the fate of accused bomber Timothy McVeigh may remain forever
     anonymous.
     Trial Judge Richard Matsch assigned each jury candidate a number,
     and permanently sealed their records. But he has gone even further
     to protect their identities, ordering a partition to hide the jury
     box from the view of most courtroom spectators.
     For example, reporters must sit on one side of the court, where it's
     impossible to see behind the wall. matsch
     Georgetown University law professor Paul Rothstein says Matsch "has
     gone a little overboard."
     Unless there is evidence of danger or threat to the jurors, he says,
     "the presumption should be for an open trial in every respect,
     including being able to view the jurors."
     But Andrew Wolfberg, who served on the jury for the trial of Eric
     and Lyle Menendez, says protecting jurors' identities in the
     Oklahoma City bombing trial is important.
     "I think with this trial, there involved the death of many people
     ... which can in some way cause the jury to feel they have something
     to fear from this defendant," he said.
     In high-profile cases such as the O.J. Simpson trial, jurors' names
     are protected until the trial is over. And where TV coverage is
     allowed, faces are not shown on camera. mcveigh.jury
     Despite the secrecy, once the trial was over, some Simpson trial
     jurors hired agents, wrote books and hit the talk show circuit.
     Despite Matsch's caution and concern, some observers say he might be
     setting a precedent.
     "It's turning our system of justice upside down," says Jane Kirtley
     of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press. "Because what
     it means is that the public really has no idea of who is sitting in
     judgment of people accused of heinous crimes."
     Decisions like Matsch's, opponents like Kirtley say, deny the
     public's right to "know" who sits on a high-profile jury. OKC Trial
     Special Section      T R A N S C R I P T S  /  O V E R V I E W  /  T H E   P L A Y E R S
     T H E   B O M B I N G  /  C N N   S T O R I E S  /   L I N K S rule
     What You Think Tell us what you think!
     You said it... [INLINE] Samsung. Meeting the challenge. rule
   To the top     1997 Cable News Network, Inc.
   All Rights Reserved.
        Terms under which this service is provided to you.

@_date: 1997-02-01 18:00:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Free & Open Society & toleration 
It has been asserted that I am claiming that a free and open society should
not abide any and all actions in contrast to Jim Bell's assertion that a
free and open society must tolerate any action.
This is not my case at all. I hold that a DEMOCRATIC society with a HEALTHY
ECONOMIC system must have some minimum standards on what is allowed. By no
means do I hold that the ONLY means of a free and open society is a democracy.
It is quite possible to have an anarchy which would also be a free and open
society and by DEFINITION would tolerate any action by its members acting individualy or in concert.
I hold that for a democratic society to retain concepts of freedom and
equity under the law as well as be economicaly viable, especialy in an
environment where 'reputation' is critical such as a network over which
economic transactions can take place with nothing more than a email order
and a EFT, must not provide ex post facto AND carte blanche protection of
the speech of the citizens. For such a system to operate requires a
'reputation' system to be in place. For such a system to be viable it MUST
protect those reputations otherwise the concept of a 'contract' is
worthless. I DO hold that this system MUST provide a priori protection of
all speech. I further hold that any distinction between the 'government'
and the people of a nation is a false and misleading distinction which is
not in the best interest of the society because it by DEFINITION promotes a
class society which is by definition contrary to the goal of equity under a
democracy. It further provides a mechanism by which the representatives of
the 'state' may claim immunity from the very standards they are charged with
enforcing. This is because the charter of such a society is itself simply a
contract between any arbitrary individual of that society and the sum total
of the remaining citizenry (ie the 'state').
I further hold that one of the current legal practices based on precidence
which MUST be replaced is our system dealing with defamation. I further hold
that our current system of legal representation is inherently  flawed and
prevents equal representation under the law.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 18:30:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Free & Open Society & toleration 
It has been asserted that I am claiming that a free and open society should
not abide any and all actions in contrast to Jim Bell's assertion that a
free and open society must tolerate any action.
This is not my case at all. I hold that a DEMOCRATIC society with a HEALTHY
ECONOMIC system must have some minimum standards on what is allowed. By no
means do I hold that the ONLY means of a free and open society is a democracy.
It is quite possible to have an anarchy which would also be a free and open
society and by DEFINITION would tolerate any action by its members acting individualy or in concert.
I hold that for a democratic society to retain concepts of freedom and
equity under the law as well as be economicaly viable, especialy in an
environment where 'reputation' is critical such as a network over which
economic transactions can take place with nothing more than a email order
and a EFT, must not provide ex post facto AND carte blanche protection of
the speech of the citizens. For such a system to operate requires a
'reputation' system to be in place. For such a system to be viable it MUST
protect those reputations otherwise the concept of a 'contract' is
worthless. I DO hold that this system MUST provide a priori protection of
all speech. I further hold that any distinction between the 'government'
and the people of a nation is a false and misleading distinction which is
not in the best interest of the society because it by DEFINITION promotes a
class society which is by definition contrary to the goal of equity under a
democracy. It further provides a mechanism by which the representatives of
the 'state' may claim immunity from the very standards they are charged with
enforcing. This is because the charter of such a society is itself simply a
contract between any arbitrary individual of that society and the sum total
of the remaining citizenry (ie the 'state').
I further hold that one of the current legal practices based on precidence
which MUST be replaced is our system dealing with defamation. I further hold
that our current system of legal representation is inherently  flawed and
prevents equal representation under the law.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 20:16:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Free & Open Society & toleration (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
But other than two points they already do. The two points being,
1. Libel is a recognized legal concept now, the difference is one of degree.
   That degree of difference being how much money there is available for
   the lawyer and their willingness to enforce the concepts of justice in
   the society based upon their perceived ability to profit by it.
2. The extension of acceptance of reasonable legal representation by lot
   from not only the defence but also the prosecution.
My solutions to these two issues are:
1.  Removal of the lawyer from the ultimate choice of whether the case
    should be pursued.
2.  The minimalization of the defendants and plaintiffs monetary resources
    by removing them from the legal system by choosing the legal
    representation of both parties by lot.
3.  By moving the responsibility of police to provide evidence from the
    prosecution to the court we equalize the impact of irregularities
    in evidence selection as well as minimizing the sorts of evidence
    disputes which so impact some trials (ie OJ Simpson).
4.  By the implimentation of a bond proviso on the part of the plaintiff
    the system provides a check and balance reducing nuisance cases as
    well as reducing the taxation load on the citizenry.
Absolutely, that is one of the reasons I refuse to seperate those who
represent the social contract (eg the Constitution) and those who are
impacted by it, which includes even those who represent it and enforce its
various responsibilities. AP relies on this distinction as axiomatic. This
axiomatic view is ultimately based in a jealous greed for what others have
(ie power, percieved or real) and the implicit belief that all people are
NOT created equal.
But it doesn't. What it does is provide a mechanism for de-stabalization.
Just look at the Middle East and the history of assassination.
Assassinations have never stabalized that region or any other. There is
nothging in our current understanding of human psychology and social
interactions that leads to the conclusion that threats of violence will
necessarily force people to comply. If it did the government (as perceived
by AP) would not have to deal with real opposition. Simply threaten the
opposition and it melts away for the same reason that supposedly the
government would cease to oppose radicalism (ie changes in the status quo
forced by small groups upon the masses). If anything every real world
example of AP demonstrates an increase in corruption (eg. Beirut).
The closest analog in history to AP is the "Flowery Wars" as practiced by
the Aztecs. However, these were motivated by a belief in religous homogeneity
and not one of politics. Also, implicit in this was the axiomatic acceptance
of a real class seperation between those who ruled and those who were ruled.
By no means could one accept the premise that this caused the Aztec rulers
to be more sensitive to corruption or the continued existance of their
system. Another good example is assassination in ancient Rome, it is clear
that such activities in no way reduced corruption.
If anything AP provides a rationale (ie self-defence) to impose even harsher
a priori conditions on sections of a society by another part of that society.
Hardly what I would consider a stabalizing condition let alone democratic.
What is required for stability is for each group to feel unthreatened and
secure in expressing their beliefs without fear of reprisals and at the same
time recognizing they must provide room for others beliefs. There must also
be the realization that refusal to abide by these precepts will be met with
immediate consequences. Something AP can't do, as it explicitly promotes
threats and the carrying out thereof.
On another issue, it was asked what purpose there is in suing a poor person.
Simple lack of monetary wealth should be no more reason to exempt a party
from justice than having large quantities. A citizen should face the
consequences of their actions, how rich or poor they are is an irrelevant
Concepts required for a true working democracy:
                                                         Jim Choate
                                                         CyberTects
                                                         ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:42:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Free & Open Society & toleration (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
But other than two points they already do. The two points being,
1. Libel is a recognized legal concept now, the difference is one of degree.
   That degree of difference being how much money there is available for
   the lawyer and their willingness to enforce the concepts of justice in
   the society based upon their perceived ability to profit by it.
2. The extension of acceptance of reasonable legal representation by lot
   from not only the defence but also the prosecution.
My solutions to these two issues are:
1.  Removal of the lawyer from the ultimate choice of whether the case
    should be pursued.
2.  The minimalization of the defendants and plaintiffs monetary resources
    by removing them from the legal system by choosing the legal
    representation of both parties by lot.
3.  By moving the responsibility of police to provide evidence from the
    prosecution to the court we equalize the impact of irregularities
    in evidence selection as well as minimizing the sorts of evidence
    disputes which so impact some trials (ie OJ Simpson).
4.  By the implimentation of a bond proviso on the part of the plaintiff
    the system provides a check and balance reducing nuisance cases as
    well as reducing the taxation load on the citizenry.
Absolutely, that is one of the reasons I refuse to seperate those who
represent the social contract (eg the Constitution) and those who are
impacted by it, which includes even those who represent it and enforce its
various responsibilities. AP relies on this distinction as axiomatic. This
axiomatic view is ultimately based in a jealous greed for what others have
(ie power, percieved or real) and the implicit belief that all people are
NOT created equal.
But it doesn't. What it does is provide a mechanism for de-stabalization.
Just look at the Middle East and the history of assassination.
Assassinations have never stabalized that region or any other. There is
nothging in our current understanding of human psychology and social
interactions that leads to the conclusion that threats of violence will
necessarily force people to comply. If it did the government (as perceived
by AP) would not have to deal with real opposition. Simply threaten the
opposition and it melts away for the same reason that supposedly the
government would cease to oppose radicalism (ie changes in the status quo
forced by small groups upon the masses). If anything every real world
example of AP demonstrates an increase in corruption (eg. Beirut).
The closest analog in history to AP is the "Flowery Wars" as practiced by
the Aztecs. However, these were motivated by a belief in religous homogeneity
and not one of politics. Also, implicit in this was the axiomatic acceptance
of a real class seperation between those who ruled and those who were ruled.
By no means could one accept the premise that this caused the Aztec rulers
to be more sensitive to corruption or the continued existance of their
system. Another good example is assassination in ancient Rome, it is clear
that such activities in no way reduced corruption.
If anything AP provides a rationale (ie self-defence) to impose even harsher
a priori conditions on sections of a society by another part of that society.
Hardly what I would consider a stabalizing condition let alone democratic.
What is required for stability is for each group to feel unthreatened and
secure in expressing their beliefs without fear of reprisals and at the same
time recognizing they must provide room for others beliefs. There must also
be the realization that refusal to abide by these precepts will be met with
immediate consequences. Something AP can't do, as it explicitly promotes
threats and the carrying out thereof.
On another issue, it was asked what purpose there is in suing a poor person.
Simple lack of monetary wealth should be no more reason to exempt a party
from justice than having large quantities. A citizen should face the
consequences of their actions, how rich or poor they are is an irrelevant
Concepts required for a true working democracy:
                                                         Jim Choate
                                                         CyberTects
                                                         ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-09 18:22:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Feb. 15 Meeting (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <199702100223.UAA04426 at einstein>
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
Content-Length: 865       Sender: owner-austin-cpunks at einstein.ssz.com
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: austin-cpunks at einstein.ssz.com
Just a reminder that next Saturday, Feb. 15, 1997, is the next date set for
a Austin Cypherpunks meeting. It is to be held at the Central Market HEB
restaurant starting at 6pm. Look for the table with the 2nd. ed. (red cover)
Applied Cryptography.
The meeting is open to the public so remember to tell folks about it.
On another issue, I and another Austin Cypherpunk have decided to start a
distributed cypherpunks list. It would consist of some number of majordomo
remailers, possibly with anonymous extensions, running customer scripts to
allow membership on the mailing list to be distributed and hence
(hopefuly) uncencorable. This will eventualy involve the re-birth of the
anonymous remailer (kourier.ssz.com) project.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 16:21:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NEW CYPHERPUNKS LIST (was Re: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up") (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
While it is true I was planning on bringing the Austin Cpunks remailer back
(kourier.ssz.com) this rather unexpected expansion has got me backpedalling.
So it looks like it will take about 3 weeks to get the intial site ready for
public access.
Right now my ISDN based site is all we have working. We have another site
through another ISP in the process of registering and configuration. I have
currently created a 'cypherpunks at ssz.com' but still have a couple of other
issues to work out. The most relevant one is that I will be upgrading both
Linux and Majordomo in approx. 2 weeks. We will be discussing this issue
further on Saturday at the Austin Cypherpunks meeting. If all goes well with
our discussion and my upgrade we should have the SSZ cypherpunks site
available in about 2 weeks. Sten and I hope that we can pursuade some others
to get involved both running remailers as well as modifying the various
scripts. At this point everything we do will be released to the public
domain. We also are expecting to add a proviso that all submissions to the
cpunks distributed remailer will be de facto public domain unless a specific
'fair use' header is included in each submission.
Finaly, another issue that will slow me down is the upcoming SRL show here
in Austin. I have committed time and effort so I don't know yet how the
conflicts will come or how I will resolve them. The next SRL planning meet
is Thu. nite so I will have a clearer idea of my upcoming schedule.
[much good comments cut out]
These are several of the issues that we will be discussing this Saturday.
We will also be looking at various means to distribute the subscriber list.
The current lead suggestion is to have subscriptions at any of the cpunks be
evenly distributed among them. This would somewhat complicate the subscriber
Another aspect that I am hot to trot on is setting the system up so that
some of the cpunks sites could be anonymous, crypto, or combo remailers as
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 17:26:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
A minimum standard for a useable remailer (YMMV):
   486DX(blah)
   16M
   1G IDE
   Mitsumi CD Rom (very widely supported)
   VGA 1M
   NE2000 x 2 (Internet & Intranet)
   High-speed serial ports x 3 (Mouse, Modems x 2) [optional]
   ISDN Bridge (incl. NT-1, no POTS)
   ISDN Line (contact business office)
   Internet Provider (commercial service, nameservice, news, etc.)
   10BaseT Bridge [optional, depends on Bridge]
   Registration of domain name [optional, suggested]
   Linux (WinNT if clueless)
For a full-time commercial feed in Austin, Tx. your talking about:
$600 Machine
$100 VGA Monitor
$100 Computer accessories
$400 28.8 Modems ($200 x2)
$150 ISDN install
$1k  ISDN Bridge
$500 ISP setup & init (this is commercial, not hobby)
$100 Initial name registry
$300 UPS
$50  Phones ($25 x2)
$25  Utilities
$75  ISDN
$400 ISP connection
  *    This machine can't be your personal workstation. It will be
       entirely too busy.
  *    Learn shell, c, Pearl to start.
  *    O'Reilly makes very useful books.
  *    Such a machine will handle from between 100 to 500 accounts
       depending on how you set up your system.
  *    If you have the money, put it in the bandwidth first.
  *    I would very strongly suggest against using your employers
       resources for such activities.
  *    You will want at least one dedicated dial-in, no matter what.
       This is a good place for distinctive ring and a line splitter.
       Consider this when buying the modem, it will raise the price
       of the modem. Also consider the personal 800 numbers that are
       available.
  *    Consider strongly the use of an encrypted file system. While
       they make automated re-boots impossible their security can be
       quite appealing. (This is an issue that somebody who is already
       designing encrypted file systems should look into, how to allow
       automated reboots w/o manual entry of the key(s).)
  *    Anonymous remailer extensions would not be a major resource hog.
  *    If you are going to consider allowing general access by your users
       via dial-in use 10 - 15 users per line per day, assuming no
       enforced quota.
Hope this helps anyone who might be interested in starting up such a beast.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com
When I was a kid, I lived in Pasadena, Tx. just down the street from the
Washburn Tunnel. There was a big sign going from Pasadena to the Houston
side that said "The grass is greener in Pasadena". This sentiment is the
true liberator of the human spirit. Keeping up with the Joneses is burned
into our genes.

@_date: 1997-02-11 17:57:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer 
What is the current future of the Cypherpunks webpage? Will it continue to
be kept up or is it going down as well?
                                                        Jim Choate
                                                        CyberTects
                                                        ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 18:56:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
A minimum standard for a useable remailer (YMMV):
   486DX(blah)
   16M
   1G IDE
   Mitsumi CD Rom (very widely supported)
   VGA 1M
   NE2000 x 2 (Internet & Intranet)
   High-speed serial ports x 3 (Mouse, Modems x 2) [optional]
   ISDN Bridge (incl. NT-1, no POTS)
   ISDN Line (contact business office)
   Internet Provider (commercial service, nameservice, news, etc.)
   10BaseT Bridge [optional, depends on Bridge]
   Registration of domain name [optional, suggested]
   Linux (WinNT if clueless)
For a full-time commercial feed in Austin, Tx. your talking about:
$600 Machine
$100 VGA Monitor
$100 Computer accessories
$400 28.8 Modems ($200 x2)
$150 ISDN install
$1k  ISDN Bridge
$500 ISP setup & init (this is commercial, not hobby)
$100 Initial name registry
$300 UPS
$50  Phones ($25 x2)
$25  Utilities
$75  ISDN
$400 ISP connection
  *    This machine can't be your personal workstation. It will be
       entirely too busy.
  *    Learn shell, c, Pearl to start.
  *    O'Reilly makes very useful books.
  *    Such a machine will handle from between 100 to 500 accounts
       depending on how you set up your system.
  *    If you have the money, put it in the bandwidth first.
  *    I would very strongly suggest against using your employers
       resources for such activities.
  *    You will want at least one dedicated dial-in, no matter what.
       This is a good place for distinctive ring and a line splitter.
       Consider this when buying the modem, it will raise the price
       of the modem. Also consider the personal 800 numbers that are
       available.
  *    Consider strongly the use of an encrypted file system. While
       they make automated re-boots impossible their security can be
       quite appealing. (This is an issue that somebody who is already
       designing encrypted file systems should look into, how to allow
       automated reboots w/o manual entry of the key(s).)
  *    Anonymous remailer extensions would not be a major resource hog.
  *    If you are going to consider allowing general access by your users
       via dial-in use 10 - 15 users per line per day, assuming no
       enforced quota.
Hope this helps anyone who might be interested in starting up such a beast.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com
When I was a kid, I lived in Pasadena, Tx. just down the street from the
Washburn Tunnel. There was a big sign going from Pasadena to the Houston
side that said "The grass is greener in Pasadena". This sentiment is the
true liberator of the human spirit. Keeping up with the Joneses is burned
into our genes.

@_date: 1997-02-11 19:03:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: http:--cnnfn.com-digitaljam-wires-9702-11-hackers_wg- 
Click here to download the shareware YOU want at ZDNet [INLINE]
   Digital Jam hackers graphic    Hackers victimize firms
   Experts tell House panel breaking into networks is too simple
   February 11, 1997: 6:17 p.m. ET
   [INLINE]    Hackers and Feds in Vegas - July 31, 1996
   Internet firms make hacking pay - April 12, 1996
   WASHINGTON (Reuter) -- Hackers are finding it easier to break into
   computer networks and steal money, partly because companies are
   reluctant to admit that they are vulnerable, security experts said
   Tuesday.
   [INLINE] "If I want to steal money a computer is a much better tool
   than a handgun," Daniel Geer, engineering director for Open Market,
   Inc., told a House of Representatives technology subcommittee hearing
   on computer security. "They start out stealing $1,000 a day and figure
   they can get away with $2,000 a day and then they get greedy and hit
   some figure which sets off alarm bells."
   [INLINE] A panel of experts assembled by the subcommittee said many
   companies refuse to report breaches in their security because they
   want to avoid negative publicity and embarrassment.
   [INLINE] "Most computer crimes are not reported," Eugene Spafford of
   Purdue University told the panel. He estimated losses run into
   "hundreds of millions of dollars" but said no one really knows since
   so much goes unreported.
   [INLINE] Daniel Farmer, a security consultant, said penetrating a
   computer system is relatively easy. "Just using simple tests, I could
   break into two-thirds of the systems I tried," he said, adding that he
   could easily raise that figure to three-quarters if he wanted.
   [INLINE] Farmer said that during his tests he even discovered a
   problem with the White House World Wide Web site and told the system
   manager about it. He said he never received a reply.
   [INLINE] "Defensive programs have been overtaken by offensive
   programs" developed by hackers, he said.
   [INLINE] Spafford said law enforcement has kept pace with advances
   made by hackers who are able essentially to take over entire networks
   and run them by remote control.
   [INLINE] In addition to banks and corporations, the experts said,
   government secrets can be stolen and used to threaten national
   security. They cited recent computer network tampering at the Justice
   Department and the CIA.
   [INLINE] A General Accounting Office study recently found that there
   were 250,000 "hits" aimed at the Defense Department's computer
   networks last year and 65 percent were successful. Link to top    home | digitaljam | contents | search | stock quotes | help
   Copyright 1997 Reuters. All rights reserved. This material may not be
   published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
   Copyright  1997 Cable News Network, Inc.
   ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

@_date: 1997-02-11 22:01:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NEW CYPHERPUNKS LIST (was Re: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up") (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
While it is true I was planning on bringing the Austin Cpunks remailer back
(kourier.ssz.com) this rather unexpected expansion has got me backpedalling.
So it looks like it will take about 3 weeks to get the intial site ready for
public access.
Right now my ISDN based site is all we have working. We have another site
through another ISP in the process of registering and configuration. I have
currently created a 'cypherpunks at ssz.com' but still have a couple of other
issues to work out. The most relevant one is that I will be upgrading both
Linux and Majordomo in approx. 2 weeks. We will be discussing this issue
further on Saturday at the Austin Cypherpunks meeting. If all goes well with
our discussion and my upgrade we should have the SSZ cypherpunks site
available in about 2 weeks. Sten and I hope that we can pursuade some others
to get involved both running remailers as well as modifying the various
scripts. At this point everything we do will be released to the public
domain. We also are expecting to add a proviso that all submissions to the
cpunks distributed remailer will be de facto public domain unless a specific
'fair use' header is included in each submission.
Finaly, another issue that will slow me down is the upcoming SRL show here
in Austin. I have committed time and effort so I don't know yet how the
conflicts will come or how I will resolve them. The next SRL planning meet
is Thu. nite so I will have a clearer idea of my upcoming schedule.
[much good comments cut out]
These are several of the issues that we will be discussing this Saturday.
We will also be looking at various means to distribute the subscriber list.
The current lead suggestion is to have subscriptions at any of the cpunks be
evenly distributed among them. This would somewhat complicate the subscriber
Another aspect that I am hot to trot on is setting the system up so that
some of the cpunks sites could be anonymous, crypto, or combo remailers as
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 22:20:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: http:--cnnfn.com-digitaljam-wires-9702-11-hackers_wg- 
Click here to download the shareware YOU want at ZDNet [INLINE]
   Digital Jam hackers graphic    Hackers victimize firms
   Experts tell House panel breaking into networks is too simple
   February 11, 1997: 6:17 p.m. ET
   [INLINE]    Hackers and Feds in Vegas - July 31, 1996
   Internet firms make hacking pay - April 12, 1996
   WASHINGTON (Reuter) -- Hackers are finding it easier to break into
   computer networks and steal money, partly because companies are
   reluctant to admit that they are vulnerable, security experts said
   Tuesday.
   [INLINE] "If I want to steal money a computer is a much better tool
   than a handgun," Daniel Geer, engineering director for Open Market,
   Inc., told a House of Representatives technology subcommittee hearing
   on computer security. "They start out stealing $1,000 a day and figure
   they can get away with $2,000 a day and then they get greedy and hit
   some figure which sets off alarm bells."
   [INLINE] A panel of experts assembled by the subcommittee said many
   companies refuse to report breaches in their security because they
   want to avoid negative publicity and embarrassment.
   [INLINE] "Most computer crimes are not reported," Eugene Spafford of
   Purdue University told the panel. He estimated losses run into
   "hundreds of millions of dollars" but said no one really knows since
   so much goes unreported.
   [INLINE] Daniel Farmer, a security consultant, said penetrating a
   computer system is relatively easy. "Just using simple tests, I could
   break into two-thirds of the systems I tried," he said, adding that he
   could easily raise that figure to three-quarters if he wanted.
   [INLINE] Farmer said that during his tests he even discovered a
   problem with the White House World Wide Web site and told the system
   manager about it. He said he never received a reply.
   [INLINE] "Defensive programs have been overtaken by offensive
   programs" developed by hackers, he said.
   [INLINE] Spafford said law enforcement has kept pace with advances
   made by hackers who are able essentially to take over entire networks
   and run them by remote control.
   [INLINE] In addition to banks and corporations, the experts said,
   government secrets can be stolen and used to threaten national
   security. They cited recent computer network tampering at the Justice
   Department and the CIA.
   [INLINE] A General Accounting Office study recently found that there
   were 250,000 "hits" aimed at the Defense Department's computer
   networks last year and 65 percent were successful. Link to top    home | digitaljam | contents | search | stock quotes | help
   Copyright 1997 Reuters. All rights reserved. This material may not be
   published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
   Copyright  1997 Cable News Network, Inc.
   ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

@_date: 1997-02-12 06:10:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer 
What is the current future of the Cypherpunks webpage? Will it continue to
be kept up or is it going down as well?
                                                        Jim Choate
                                                        CyberTects
                                                        ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 06:42:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer 
Forwarded message:
My approach to this problem has been to use a 1G drive and mount the entire
file system on it. Swap and MS-Dos each get their own partitions. This
allows the use of the entire drive as a buffer. I am in the process of
adding another 1G in approx. two weeks with the intent of moving /home off
the main drive. This not only gives the system more space but the users as
well. I set swap to 4x main ram. I use Linux and have it as one giant
partition even though suggested is blocks of 16M, works for me (YMMV). Would
be minor to monitor df and alarm when it gets to 200M or something.
I must admit however that I am looking at a faster mbrd. and a bigger hard
drive in the immediate future to make up for the extra load I expect. Had
not really planned on the remailer project however...
How about dumping the bounces to /dev/null? I shure don't care if some
bozo's (other than mine that is) mailbox goes away.
I have no intention of acting as an archive. I personaly see that as a
'subscriber' issue. Potentialy even a business if the archive were suitably
databased. Of course with the distributed model any member is potentialy
capable of this.
I would certainly be interested in your involvment with the Distributed
I can verify this. If I was not already having to deal with these problem
as a current mailing list operator I certainly would not take on the
job. It is one of the reasons I STRONGLY suggest anyone serious about this
should use the resources to make money as well. Anyone capable of setting up
and operating such a remailer system is at least capable of basic skills.
I like this idea very much. Myself I would set it for like 4 hours or so and
if it couldn't be delivered then bye bye. Another motivation for selective
sites to operate as archives without themselves being remailers.
Another issue related to this is at what point to unsubscribe accounts. It
seems to me that if the address times out some number of times it should be
Is anyone interested in acting as a mail-to-news gateway?
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 07:11:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Network of majordomos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Did you get it running last nite Greg? When do you expect to be able to
handle traffic?
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 07:17:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Whoah Nelly. Tivoli - IBM has NOTHING to do with either my actions or
those of anyone else involved in this. Where exactly did you get this
information? It certainly hasn't come across any cpunks postings that I
have seen.
Check your facts bud.
                                                        Jim Choate
                                                        CyberTects
                                                        (not Tivoli -IBM)
                                                        ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 07:56:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Network of majordomos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Did you get it running last nite Greg? When do you expect to be able to
handle traffic?
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 07:59:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Whoah Nelly. Tivoli - IBM has NOTHING to do with either my actions or
those of anyone else involved in this. Where exactly did you get this
information? It certainly hasn't come across any cpunks postings that I
have seen.
Check your facts bud.
                                                        Jim Choate
                                                        CyberTects
                                                        (not Tivoli -IBM)
                                                        ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:12:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The current subscription is between 1,000 and 2,000 I don't think that is
_lots_. All we need to do is count the number of bounces per address in
a given period, the SSZ end is trying to decide between weekly or
monthly cleanings, and then clear that address. At no point would I need
to archive the original bounce.
I certainly hope they get a cpunks address made available. I will certainly
subscribe cpunks at ssz so that the distributed remailer will benefit from that input. However, one of the major realizations is that as long as one
anything is involved in the list it is capable of being shutdown at any
time with no warning. It also makes it much easier to compromise. I would
like to see servers in several countries myself.
Want to volunteer?
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:15:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: List for discussing many majordomos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Please explain how making submissions de facto public domain censors
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:57:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The current subscription is between 1,000 and 2,000 I don't think that is
_lots_. All we need to do is count the number of bounces per address in
a given period, the SSZ end is trying to decide between weekly or
monthly cleanings, and then clear that address. At no point would I need
to archive the original bounce.
I certainly hope they get a cpunks address made available. I will certainly
subscribe cpunks at ssz so that the distributed remailer will benefit from that input. However, one of the major realizations is that as long as one
anything is involved in the list it is capable of being shutdown at any
time with no warning. It also makes it much easier to compromise. I would
like to see servers in several countries myself.
Want to volunteer?
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 13:25:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: List for discussing many majordomos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Please explain how making submissions de facto public domain censors
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 14:45:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Network of majordomos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The mailing list was ready yesterday. Currently I have about a dozen
subscribers who are testing it. Igor has his list up and I expect that we
will begin the cross-subscription process on Saturday or Sunday. I sent
a 'who is here' message to cypherpunks-hosts at algebra.com and have not
received any replies.
Thanks, I'll factor that into my equation. I, however won't be acting as
a mail-to-news gateway at this point. What I would like to see would be
a news site which sent a copy of each incoming message to a mailing list
and would have an email address where each new submission to the mailing
list would get sent to. To make it really interesting would be to use
two seperate remailers, one for each traffic path. Had you thought of
taking your news that far?
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 15:13:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Network of majordomos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The mailing list was ready yesterday. Currently I have about a dozen
subscribers who are testing it. Igor has his list up and I expect that we
will begin the cross-subscription process on Saturday or Sunday. I sent
a 'who is here' message to cypherpunks-hosts at algebra.com and have not
received any replies.
Thanks, I'll factor that into my equation. I, however won't be acting as
a mail-to-news gateway at this point. What I would like to see would be
a news site which sent a copy of each incoming message to a mailing list
and would have an email address where each new submission to the mailing
list would get sent to. To make it really interesting would be to use
two seperate remailers, one for each traffic path. Had you thought of
taking your news that far?
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 16:52:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Hmmm, I can see saving the address causing the bounce in some sort of array
that is indexed to the majordomo subscription list for a given remailer. It
would not cost anything but overhead to save the entire message. I guess my
motivation was not that I cared their mailbox was full or it was a invalid
address but that I wouldn't be able to deliver at this time. I just don't
see any reason that it helps me to know why they can't receive mail only that
they can't.
Hmmm, not shure how much programming it would take - never done it myself.
I think Perl would be an acceptable language. I certainly hope to do the
majority of the scripts on the CDR in Perl myself. Perhaps there is somebody
who knows the fine points of how INN cache's messages. Redbeard and I had a
short discussion about this issue today relating to tracking messages to
reduce mail-loops. I will discuss it with him and see what happens.
I know exactly what you mean. I have two full-time jobs and hadn't really
thought of taking on the cpunks list in any manner. But hey, that is the
spice in life...
Give me a couple of days to look at the situation and if somebody don't beat
me to it I'll post what I find out. Cool?
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 17:12:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is exactly the reason that my suggestion to anyone setting up a
remailer with any sort of controversial content should do it as some sort of
outreach of their business. It is too expensive in time, money, and hassles
to do for grins and giggles.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 17:22:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Network of majordomos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I would like to see that 'temporary measure' changed to one means of
distribution and a resource in addition to the remailer chain. I would
really like to see this stay in place.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 17:58:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is exactly the reason that my suggestion to anyone setting up a
remailer with any sort of controversial content should do it as some sort of
outreach of their business. It is too expensive in time, money, and hassles
to do for grins and giggles.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 17:59:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Hmmm, I can see saving the address causing the bounce in some sort of array
that is indexed to the majordomo subscription list for a given remailer. It
would not cost anything but overhead to save the entire message. I guess my
motivation was not that I cared their mailbox was full or it was a invalid
address but that I wouldn't be able to deliver at this time. I just don't
see any reason that it helps me to know why they can't receive mail only that
they can't.
Hmmm, not shure how much programming it would take - never done it myself.
I think Perl would be an acceptable language. I certainly hope to do the
majority of the scripts on the CDR in Perl myself. Perhaps there is somebody
who knows the fine points of how INN cache's messages. Redbeard and I had a
short discussion about this issue today relating to tracking messages to
reduce mail-loops. I will discuss it with him and see what happens.
I know exactly what you mean. I have two full-time jobs and hadn't really
thought of taking on the cpunks list in any manner. But hey, that is the
spice in life...
Give me a couple of days to look at the situation and if somebody don't beat
me to it I'll post what I find out. Cool?
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 18:00:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Network of majordomos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I would like to see that 'temporary measure' changed to one means of
distribution and a resource in addition to the remailer chain. I would
really like to see this stay in place.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 18:55:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer 
We have established the first link between cypherpunks at ssz.com and
cypherpunks at algebra.com. Testing will continue for about 24 hours and we
hope to have the link going two-way within a couple of days.
If testing proceeds at the current pace we should be ready to go for a 3-way
link if anyone will be ready this weekend. If we can get a 3-way going we
should be ready for prime time.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 20:24:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property rights on cypherpunks (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Really? Do you have a priori permission from your publisher, who owns those
stories, to distribute them elsewhere?
If not please explain why I or any other person should be a willing
acomplice? You could also still post them anonymously. You could also
simply include a 'fair use' proviso somewhere.
In such a case it would be in your publishers best interest to require a
copyright notice. In that case there is no confusion about who owns those
rights. Especialy when you consider the traffic is global which means your
'implied copyright' here don't mean squat there. I suspect just about
every place that recognizes a copyright recognizes an explicit one.
Instead of "De facto public domain should die" how about,
"Implied a priori contracts should die now"
Lord a mighty, haven't you heard? Information wants to be free. Let the
thing go. If you really think your words are something that will someday win
a Nobel or make Mr. Bill look like a pauper note it explicitly. However,
it would seem to me that implicit copyright works against the axiomatic
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 21:11:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property rights on cypherpunks (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Really? Do you have a priori permission from your publisher, who owns those
stories, to distribute them elsewhere?
If not please explain why I or any other person should be a willing
acomplice? You could also still post them anonymously. You could also
simply include a 'fair use' proviso somewhere.
In such a case it would be in your publishers best interest to require a
copyright notice. In that case there is no confusion about who owns those
rights. Especialy when you consider the traffic is global which means your
'implied copyright' here don't mean squat there. I suspect just about
every place that recognizes a copyright recognizes an explicit one.
Instead of "De facto public domain should die" how about,
"Implied a priori contracts should die now"
Lord a mighty, haven't you heard? Information wants to be free. Let the
thing go. If you really think your words are something that will someday win
a Nobel or make Mr. Bill look like a pauper note it explicitly. However,
it would seem to me that implicit copyright works against the axiomatic
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 21:12:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer 
We have established the first link between cypherpunks at ssz.com and
cypherpunks at algebra.com. Testing will continue for about 24 hours and we
hope to have the link going two-way within a couple of days.
If testing proceeds at the current pace we should be ready to go for a 3-way
link if anyone will be ready this weekend. If we can get a 3-way going we
should be ready for prime time.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 11:22:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: distributed mailing list architecture (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I envision it to look like a fishnet.
There should be no "one main" anything on this project.
Simpler? Hardly.
With the remailer chain proposal we could have a working remailer network
up in a couple of more days. What you propose will take weeks to write
and debug code and then follow it through.
No, this approach is neither simple or efficient.
What I call a fishnet toplogy is much cleaner. Each node only has to
filter messages where it was in the source chain. Easy to do with procmail,
if you look at the first example on the man page, eg how to dump to
dev/null, you find a perfect example of what procmail needs to do. It does
not need to know who else is on the network (as in a star) and its traffic
consists of one copy of each incoming instead of n copies from each of
the 'star' remailers plus the outgoing from the local subscribers. A easy
protocol can be arranged so that if the downstream remailer breaks it
subscribes to the next one in the chain, again easy to do with just a few
lines of code...
  If (bounce count of next site expires)
    {
       subscribe backup feed
    }
  If (next site returns)
    {
       unsubscribe backup feed
    }
As to the actual architecture:
                      A --> D
                     ^ \   ^ \
                    /   v /   v
                   C <-- B <-- E
                         ^
                         v
                         N  (mail-news gateway)
Again, several nice features are:
  *  Can be gotten up from a stock majordom/procmail install in a
     trivial manner
  *  Site only has to filter mail from itself
  *  It only has to keep up with two sites in the network instead
     of many (support for limited scope and anonymity)
  *  Each site gets a critical feed from only 1 other site so traffic of
     duplicates is a minimum
  *  Except for sites on the boundary of the net every site has two
     places to send its output, adding to robustness, if we allow
     the edges to wrap (eg torus) then no sites have less than 2
     other sites to send traffic to.
  *  Supports various levels of encryption or authentication on a link
     by link basis, not forcing all members to submint to a general
     architecture
  *  Scales easily, something the star model does not do since hub
     machines must grow at a rate dependant on the total number of
     remailers in the chain this equates to mullah and lots of it
     should the network take off
  *  The actual number of machines in a given chain is flexible, I
     would guess the number should match a plane tiling figure,
     triangle (n=3), squares (n=4), or hexagons (n=6)
  *  Traffic analysis and sync floods are harder to impliment in this
     architecture than a star or hub based network
  *  Supports 'little' machines and operators who are not guru's
     or have deep pockets
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 12:12:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: distributed mailing list architecture (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I envision it to look like a fishnet.
There should be no "one main" anything on this project.
Simpler? Hardly.
With the remailer chain proposal we could have a working remailer network
up in a couple of more days. What you propose will take weeks to write
and debug code and then follow it through.
No, this approach is neither simple or efficient.
What I call a fishnet toplogy is much cleaner. Each node only has to
filter messages where it was in the source chain. Easy to do with procmail,
if you look at the first example on the man page, eg how to dump to
dev/null, you find a perfect example of what procmail needs to do. It does
not need to know who else is on the network (as in a star) and its traffic
consists of one copy of each incoming instead of n copies from each of
the 'star' remailers plus the outgoing from the local subscribers. A easy
protocol can be arranged so that if the downstream remailer breaks it
subscribes to the next one in the chain, again easy to do with just a few
lines of code...
  If (bounce count of next site expires)
    {
       subscribe backup feed
    }
  If (next site returns)
    {
       unsubscribe backup feed
    }
As to the actual architecture:
                      A --> D
                     ^ \   ^ \
                    /   v /   v
                   C <-- B <-- E
                         ^
                         v
                         N  (mail-news gateway)
Again, several nice features are:
  *  Can be gotten up from a stock majordom/procmail install in a
     trivial manner
  *  Site only has to filter mail from itself
  *  It only has to keep up with two sites in the network instead
     of many (support for limited scope and anonymity)
  *  Each site gets a critical feed from only 1 other site so traffic of
     duplicates is a minimum
  *  Except for sites on the boundary of the net every site has two
     places to send its output, adding to robustness, if we allow
     the edges to wrap (eg torus) then no sites have less than 2
     other sites to send traffic to.
  *  Supports various levels of encryption or authentication on a link
     by link basis, not forcing all members to submint to a general
     architecture
  *  Scales easily, something the star model does not do since hub
     machines must grow at a rate dependant on the total number of
     remailers in the chain this equates to mullah and lots of it
     should the network take off
  *  The actual number of machines in a given chain is flexible, I
     would guess the number should match a plane tiling figure,
     triangle (n=3), squares (n=4), or hexagons (n=6)
  *  Traffic analysis and sync floods are harder to impliment in this
     architecture than a star or hub based network
  *  Supports 'little' machines and operators who are not guru's
     or have deep pockets
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 14:44:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & cypherpunks 
After talking w/ Sten (firebeard) I have agreed to drop the explicit PD
proviso. This means the Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer is operaing
under the Burne Convention of implicit copyright.
This is gonna be fun.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 15:26:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & cypherpunks 
After talking w/ Sten (firebeard) I have agreed to drop the explicit PD
proviso. This means the Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer is operaing
under the Burne Convention of implicit copyright.
This is gonna be fun.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 15:43:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
There is no policy at this point. We have not even agreed to a means to
institute the network or its basic architecture. The only point of mandatory
agreement is between any two individual list operators and the mechanism
they use to transfer between those two nodes.
This sort of policy distribution won't work, as to reasonable I think not.
If everyone does their own thing with no compromise then nothing will
get done.
There are no explicit rules at this point. Yes there can be all sorts of rules, both implicit (eg copyrights) and explicit. Anyone can write rules.
Nobody must agree to anything other than implicit agreements, course
the concept of 'agreement' sorta goes out the window with implicits.
Don't see how anyone can force the remailer to do anything.
Can't speak for anyone else but can say with some degree of certainty that
no participant in cpunks can stop me from subscribing whoever I want. There
is certainly no mechanism envisioned to authenticate subscriptions with
the remailer operators.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 16:10:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If their mailbox is full I might let it sit a day. If I still get a bounce
after that I currently yank it. As I stated earlier, I am currently trying to
decide if daily or weekly purges are in order. I personaly lean toward daily.
I certainly am not buying disk space just so somebody else can use it for
storing things they don't personaly have room for.
Hmmm, to date I haven't had a problem determining where the cause was
from the bounces I see. I can't always tell why but it always seems to
say whose email address was involved.
If you get it up and running there should be no programming involved. Unless
you want to reconfigure.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 17:27:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If their mailbox is full I might let it sit a day. If I still get a bounce
after that I currently yank it. As I stated earlier, I am currently trying to
decide if daily or weekly purges are in order. I personaly lean toward daily.
I certainly am not buying disk space just so somebody else can use it for
storing things they don't personaly have room for.
Hmmm, to date I haven't had a problem determining where the cause was
from the bounces I see. I can't always tell why but it always seems to
say whose email address was involved.
If you get it up and running there should be no programming involved. Unless
you want to reconfigure.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 17:28:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
There is no policy at this point. We have not even agreed to a means to
institute the network or its basic architecture. The only point of mandatory
agreement is between any two individual list operators and the mechanism
they use to transfer between those two nodes.
This sort of policy distribution won't work, as to reasonable I think not.
If everyone does their own thing with no compromise then nothing will
get done.
There are no explicit rules at this point. Yes there can be all sorts of rules, both implicit (eg copyrights) and explicit. Anyone can write rules.
Nobody must agree to anything other than implicit agreements, course
the concept of 'agreement' sorta goes out the window with implicits.
Don't see how anyone can force the remailer to do anything.
Can't speak for anyone else but can say with some degree of certainty that
no participant in cpunks can stop me from subscribing whoever I want. There
is certainly no mechanism envisioned to authenticate subscriptions with
the remailer operators.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 22:00:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No. IS the business.
Get somebody else to do the marketing, your current promoter is incompitent.
I don't think I can accept "personal choice" == "censorship". To my mind
personal choice is a decision I make based on my wants and needs. Cencorship
is a decision about my want and needs made by somebody else. Distinction is
pretty clear to me.
Everthing exists in a context of economic and political relationship, and
religous ones, and intellectual ones, and historic ones, and cultural ones,
and sexual ones, etc.  Life is inherently unstable, what makes anyone
believe that ANY forum is not under constant threat of extinction? If from
nothing else sheer boredom.
Life ain't that simple.
If there were no "conflict of interest" problems we wouldn't have our
interests in the first place. Also, why do you believe that conflict doesn't
have a market as well?
Depends on where that income stream comes from.
Would one of the persons be a owner?
Irrelevant. Whether the system were private or business would make no
difference to the warrant. The question is,
"Since I run a system on the Internet and may become involved through no fault
of my own with legal difficulties because of my activities how do I pay for
the legal bills and various other consequences?"
Another question affecting financing is,
"Whether I am doing this for fun or business the cost will be the same. From
a effort and resources perspective, including the realities of the tax code
and cash flow, which is in my best interest?"
I would also offer that it isn't in the best interest of any party to shut a
Internet site of some report down. Consider the cypherpunks mailing list.
Assume for a moment that the remailer was to mysteriously disappear tonite
at midnite. If Sandy or somebody didn't put something up within a day or two
entirely too many people would start asking "whaz up?" The most successful
strategy would be to impose some sort of continous drain on the business
until it seemed to fold of natural causes. I contend that a business will
hold out much longer than most individuals will.
Exactly! It isn't a weakness, it's a strength.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-13 22:11:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No. IS the business.
Get somebody else to do the marketing, your current promoter is incompitent.
I don't think I can accept "personal choice" == "censorship". To my mind
personal choice is a decision I make based on my wants and needs. Cencorship
is a decision about my want and needs made by somebody else. Distinction is
pretty clear to me.
Everthing exists in a context of economic and political relationship, and
religous ones, and intellectual ones, and historic ones, and cultural ones,
and sexual ones, etc.  Life is inherently unstable, what makes anyone
believe that ANY forum is not under constant threat of extinction? If from
nothing else sheer boredom.
Life ain't that simple.
If there were no "conflict of interest" problems we wouldn't have our
interests in the first place. Also, why do you believe that conflict doesn't
have a market as well?
Depends on where that income stream comes from.
Would one of the persons be a owner?
Irrelevant. Whether the system were private or business would make no
difference to the warrant. The question is,
"Since I run a system on the Internet and may become involved through no fault
of my own with legal difficulties because of my activities how do I pay for
the legal bills and various other consequences?"
Another question affecting financing is,
"Whether I am doing this for fun or business the cost will be the same. From
a effort and resources perspective, including the realities of the tax code
and cash flow, which is in my best interest?"
I would also offer that it isn't in the best interest of any party to shut a
Internet site of some report down. Consider the cypherpunks mailing list.
Assume for a moment that the remailer was to mysteriously disappear tonite
at midnite. If Sandy or somebody didn't put something up within a day or two
entirely too many people would start asking "whaz up?" The most successful
strategy would be to impose some sort of continous drain on the business
until it seemed to fold of natural causes. I contend that a business will
hold out much longer than most individuals will.
Exactly! It isn't a weakness, it's a strength.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 00:00:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The same thing as the current 'de facto copyright'. It's copyrighted or it's
not. What's your point here?
I am taking intellectual property rights from nobody. If anything I am
giving unlimited intellectual rights to the material to humankind for
posterity. Sorta cypherpunkish, don't you think?
Completely untrue. What it does is say "anything published which does not
explicity have a copyright related statement on it is public domain". If you
want to keep rights to it, that is fine. Just tell 'em that up front. The
actual cost to those of us who feel that statements made in such a forum as
this are inherently intended for the betterment of mankind, and therefore
a priori copyright is not in the best interest of distribution of those
ideas, is no different than the cost under defacto copyright to use fair
use headers for public domain material.
I believe that such an approach would be economicaly helpful as well. It
would provide a market for collecting, organizing, and distributing the
content of such material for wider distribution. Under the current standard
a small business which wanted to connect to the network, archive the
material, catalog it, package it, and distribute it would technicaly have to
contact the 1,000+ members and get their specific fair use contracts
resolved. This way there is nothing to resolve, if there is a copyright
notice and doesn't specificaly permit such use that message would be
dropped. The rest would be available for wider distribution and storage.
So is requiring me to post a "fair use header" if I want my material public
domain by default. You call it 'tomatoe', I call it 'tomahto'. It comes down
to what is best for society and what 'best' means. If best in your book
equals 'maximize profit potential' then the current standard is best. If,
however, your definition is 'spread the idea as far and wide as possible,
may it flourish and have many offspring' then we need to go back to the old
None of these qualify as censorship, I am not applying anything to anyone that is not being currently applied now. I am only taking the
alternate tack, which was the legal tact until mid-80's.
No need to moderate the list, it does it for me. I don't do anything with
the messages, simply let them come and go. Those with no header would be
fair game for anyone to use for any purpose they chose. I would hold that
your position of implied copyright is a censorship because it prohibits
persons from using the material without the authors permission (and probably
paying a fee, economic censorship).
Cypherpunkish? I think not. Mercenary, could be.
It certainly did until the mid-80's. It certainly is no more of a trick
than the forcing of copyright on those who don't want it.
And I hold that the submission of a subscription request and the acceptance
of the subscription notice conditions received as a reply qualify as that
written transfer. If they are unacceptable unsubscribe, which is described
in detail in the same subscription notice that details the conditions of
A good thing.
That is a good thing. A person should not harm another or their property
without their prior permission.
I have not required anyone to give up anything. All I have required is that
authors specificaly state that they want to retain rights to the document.
This is no more draconian than requiring a person to write a public domain
release on their text if that is their choice.
What we have now is a list where the messages come flying across my screen
and I can't use them anywhere else unless I go and get somebodies permission
first. Is that freedom of speech? Freedom of the press? Sounds more like
economic strangulation of technological and social progress and the
hindering of the spreading of knowledge.
No, the point was that different servers could have different policies. That
hypothesis is now thoroughly proved wrong. We also now have clear evidence
that at least some of the Cypherpunk ideals are not real-world. What we have
now is the imposition of these implicit regulations across all the
remailers, in some cases against their will. This is not compromise but
rather capitulation through duress. Implicit copyright is censorship.
This realization is the reason that I dropped it for the cypherpunks list.
It was clear that pressing for server-dependant policies was not tenable.
I am amazed at your ability to construe things that were never stated, let
alone implied. I was under the impression that a variety of access policies
and various filtering schemes was one of the stated goals.
I also feel you give me entirely too much credit and not enough to Igor,
firebeard, and others who are involved. Whether you know it or not, they are
not straw men nor pseudonyms that I employ.
No more so than the imposition of copyright to hinder the free and unbridled
exchange of ideas.
A very good argument on why in our current system de facto copyright actualy
hinders free exchange of ideas. Thanks, I hadn't thought of that aspect.
Strawman arguments to cover the motives of profit driving them. I suspect
that if the magazine (who probably own the actual copyright) agreed to allow
them to be presented in total before posting would require that some sort of
explicit copyright notice be retained. I am shure the articles have some
value, a check was written for them at some point I believe.
Certainly they do, put the statement in the code header - just like any
programmer with a clue is going to do now. All I am asking is that you give
me a fair shot at figuring out what you individualy want done with your
material when I see it. Should I save it for later use or simply shit-can it
because I don't want to deal with the hassle of getting permission.
Currently I shit-can just about everything for this reason unless it has
some sort of technical chart or table I can re-arrange or is related to
Advanced Squad Leader or Traveller. Does that sound like the ideal atmosphere
to expand knowledge? Is that how you want your ideas and commentary to end up?
Hell, under the current system I take a completely unwarranted risk if I do
nothing more than print out your email and then show it to somebody else.
Why? Because I don't know before hand whether that is ok with you or do you
really want to retain distribution rights. To be completely safe I need to
email you and ask permission to do that. Unacceptable restraint of speech.
The only option that leaves me is no speech because I can't afford it. Not
very cypherpunkish.
Not if that was what was proposed here, fortunately reality bears no
resemblance to your interpretation.
What I really find interesting is that in the 3 years SSZ has been up and
the 8 mailing lists (with about 300 subscribers total) nobody has ever
complained about the public domain policy and nobody has ever put a
copyright header on their messages. All these lists are technical and
several of them are directly involved with technical development of
projects, some for commercial apps.
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 06:56:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The same thing as the current 'de facto copyright'. It's copyrighted or it's
not. What's your point here?
I am taking intellectual property rights from nobody. If anything I am
giving unlimited intellectual rights to the material to humankind for
posterity. Sorta cypherpunkish, don't you think?
Completely untrue. What it does is say "anything published which does not
explicity have a copyright related statement on it is public domain". If you
want to keep rights to it, that is fine. Just tell 'em that up front. The
actual cost to those of us who feel that statements made in such a forum as
this are inherently intended for the betterment of mankind, and therefore
a priori copyright is not in the best interest of distribution of those
ideas, is no different than the cost under defacto copyright to use fair
use headers for public domain material.
I believe that such an approach would be economicaly helpful as well. It
would provide a market for collecting, organizing, and distributing the
content of such material for wider distribution. Under the current standard
a small business which wanted to connect to the network, archive the
material, catalog it, package it, and distribute it would technicaly have to
contact the 1,000+ members and get their specific fair use contracts
resolved. This way there is nothing to resolve, if there is a copyright
notice and doesn't specificaly permit such use that message would be
dropped. The rest would be available for wider distribution and storage.
So is requiring me to post a "fair use header" if I want my material public
domain by default. You call it 'tomatoe', I call it 'tomahto'. It comes down
to what is best for society and what 'best' means. If best in your book
equals 'maximize profit potential' then the current standard is best. If,
however, your definition is 'spread the idea as far and wide as possible,
may it flourish and have many offspring' then we need to go back to the old
None of these qualify as censorship, I am not applying anything to anyone that is not being currently applied now. I am only taking the
alternate tack, which was the legal tact until mid-80's.
No need to moderate the list, it does it for me. I don't do anything with
the messages, simply let them come and go. Those with no header would be
fair game for anyone to use for any purpose they chose. I would hold that
your position of implied copyright is a censorship because it prohibits
persons from using the material without the authors permission (and probably
paying a fee, economic censorship).
Cypherpunkish? I think not. Mercenary, could be.
It certainly did until the mid-80's. It certainly is no more of a trick
than the forcing of copyright on those who don't want it.
And I hold that the submission of a subscription request and the acceptance
of the subscription notice conditions received as a reply qualify as that
written transfer. If they are unacceptable unsubscribe, which is described
in detail in the same subscription notice that details the conditions of
A good thing.
That is a good thing. A person should not harm another or their property
without their prior permission.
I have not required anyone to give up anything. All I have required is that
authors specificaly state that they want to retain rights to the document.
This is no more draconian than requiring a person to write a public domain
release on their text if that is their choice.
What we have now is a list where the messages come flying across my screen
and I can't use them anywhere else unless I go and get somebodies permission
first. Is that freedom of speech? Freedom of the press? Sounds more like
economic strangulation of technological and social progress and the
hindering of the spreading of knowledge.
No, the point was that different servers could have different policies. That
hypothesis is now thoroughly proved wrong. We also now have clear evidence
that at least some of the Cypherpunk ideals are not real-world. What we have
now is the imposition of these implicit regulations across all the
remailers, in some cases against their will. This is not compromise but
rather capitulation through duress. Implicit copyright is censorship.
This realization is the reason that I dropped it for the cypherpunks list.
It was clear that pressing for server-dependant policies was not tenable.
I am amazed at your ability to construe things that were never stated, let
alone implied. I was under the impression that a variety of access policies
and various filtering schemes was one of the stated goals.
I also feel you give me entirely too much credit and not enough to Igor,
firebeard, and others who are involved. Whether you know it or not, they are
not straw men nor pseudonyms that I employ.
No more so than the imposition of copyright to hinder the free and unbridled
exchange of ideas.
A very good argument on why in our current system de facto copyright actualy
hinders free exchange of ideas. Thanks, I hadn't thought of that aspect.
Strawman arguments to cover the motives of profit driving them. I suspect
that if the magazine (who probably own the actual copyright) agreed to allow
them to be presented in total before posting would require that some sort of
explicit copyright notice be retained. I am shure the articles have some
value, a check was written for them at some point I believe.
Certainly they do, put the statement in the code header - just like any
programmer with a clue is going to do now. All I am asking is that you give
me a fair shot at figuring out what you individualy want done with your
material when I see it. Should I save it for later use or simply shit-can it
because I don't want to deal with the hassle of getting permission.
Currently I shit-can just about everything for this reason unless it has
some sort of technical chart or table I can re-arrange or is related to
Advanced Squad Leader or Traveller. Does that sound like the ideal atmosphere
to expand knowledge? Is that how you want your ideas and commentary to end up?
Hell, under the current system I take a completely unwarranted risk if I do
nothing more than print out your email and then show it to somebody else.
Why? Because I don't know before hand whether that is ok with you or do you
really want to retain distribution rights. To be completely safe I need to
email you and ask permission to do that. Unacceptable restraint of speech.
The only option that leaves me is no speech because I can't afford it. Not
very cypherpunkish.
Not if that was what was proposed here, fortunately reality bears no
resemblance to your interpretation.
What I really find interesting is that in the 3 years SSZ has been up and
the 8 mailing lists (with about 300 subscribers total) nobody has ever
complained about the public domain policy and nobody has ever put a
copyright header on their messages. All these lists are technical and
several of them are directly involved with technical development of
projects, some for commercial apps.
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 17:43:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
As I understand it '(c)' is not considered acceptably close to the normal
copyright symbol. What I have been advised is to always spell out 'copyright
 '.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 17:49:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fuck UseNet (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Perhaps in addition to the X-foo structures we have discussed already we
might consider adding,
X-distrib-policy: foo
Where foo might be,
         Public Domain
         All rights reserved, contact author for redistribution
         Distribution for non-commercial uses permitted
         Refer to authors header
         Copyleft
         etc.
or whatever the policy might be for a given remailer. This would
significantly aid folks in their shopping around.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 19:24:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I am not preventing people from retaining their rights. I simply recognize
that there are entirely too many different views of 'fair use' to create a
blanket order. I also recognize that one responsibility in a democracy of
all citizens is the protection of the results of human effort. The best way
to protect and preserve information is to place it in the public domain. Of
course the other option is to sell large 'collections' to groups like
Microsoft who would end up charging you out the ya-ya for looking at 'their'
pretty pictures. Wonder what DaVinci would have thought of the way we treat
HIS paintings? But I digress. Given that people have many highly
individualistic views about copyright of their expression and the need to
preserve that expression we must ask ourselves how? One obvious answer is to
place everything in the public domain, I am shure the information race we
experience now would be nothing compared to that worlds output. However,
this prevents truly gifted individuals from being able to spend the time (eg
lifetimes) needed to truly master some forms of expression. We certainly
don't want to support them on the public dole, so there must be some way for
them to make a living off their work. So we recognize their originality or
inherent worth in their expression. We also recognize that there can't be
complete and total protection because most people would not find a buyer for
their expression simply from lack of knowledge. So, lets find a middle
ground, one where people can tell other people about things they experience
as well as feel secure that their efforts have some inherent worth and also
some failsafe to ensure that as much effort as possible gets archived. So
let's require each person to include their prefered choice of copyright in
their communications, otherwise it falls into the public domain.
The only resolution of this approach is that everyone gets what they want.
Not relevant in this forum, but I also believe that material being held in
copyright should fall into the public domain when the copyright holder dies.
That's certainly one way to get in the correct attitude...;)
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 00:26:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fuck UseNet (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Perhaps in addition to the X-foo structures we have discussed already we
might consider adding,
X-distrib-policy: foo
Where foo might be,
         Public Domain
         All rights reserved, contact author for redistribution
         Distribution for non-commercial uses permitted
         Refer to authors header
         Copyleft
         etc.
or whatever the policy might be for a given remailer. This would
significantly aid folks in their shopping around.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 00:26:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I am not preventing people from retaining their rights. I simply recognize
that there are entirely too many different views of 'fair use' to create a
blanket order. I also recognize that one responsibility in a democracy of
all citizens is the protection of the results of human effort. The best way
to protect and preserve information is to place it in the public domain. Of
course the other option is to sell large 'collections' to groups like
Microsoft who would end up charging you out the ya-ya for looking at 'their'
pretty pictures. Wonder what DaVinci would have thought of the way we treat
HIS paintings? But I digress. Given that people have many highly
individualistic views about copyright of their expression and the need to
preserve that expression we must ask ourselves how? One obvious answer is to
place everything in the public domain, I am shure the information race we
experience now would be nothing compared to that worlds output. However,
this prevents truly gifted individuals from being able to spend the time (eg
lifetimes) needed to truly master some forms of expression. We certainly
don't want to support them on the public dole, so there must be some way for
them to make a living off their work. So we recognize their originality or
inherent worth in their expression. We also recognize that there can't be
complete and total protection because most people would not find a buyer for
their expression simply from lack of knowledge. So, lets find a middle
ground, one where people can tell other people about things they experience
as well as feel secure that their efforts have some inherent worth and also
some failsafe to ensure that as much effort as possible gets archived. So
let's require each person to include their prefered choice of copyright in
their communications, otherwise it falls into the public domain.
The only resolution of this approach is that everyone gets what they want.
Not relevant in this forum, but I also believe that material being held in
copyright should fall into the public domain when the copyright holder dies.
That's certainly one way to get in the correct attitude...;)
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 00:26:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
As I understand it '(c)' is not considered acceptably close to the normal
copyright symbol. What I have been advised is to always spell out 'copyright
 '.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-04 11:31:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ONE MILLION CHILDREN..... (fwd) 
Hi all,
Forwarded message:
And there are several standards which are NOT compatible. Simply putting a
chip in your pet (or child) is not sufficient to guarantee their return.
If the system at use at the pound is not compatible the chip in the pet
won't even respond and the operator has no idea of the actual situation.
This is one of the reasons many states are enacting laws regarding the sale
and transfer of pets. There was a piece on CNN just a couple of weeks ago
about this problem, one state in the central US is in the process of passing
various laws about animal trading. Seems they have a problem with people
stealing pets from peoples homes and collecting 'for free' pets and then
selling them to the medical labs at a hefty profit. Their advise was to
never give pets away, but to always charge at least $10 ea. and if leaving
pets unattended either put them inside a locked bldg. or else have your
neighbors watch them in a fenced yard.
Baloney. I know two SEAL's (I share an office at work with one) and I can verify they are NOT chiped. I also have several female friends who have
had various breast surgeries and they also are not chipped.
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-11 10:10:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Satellite Gone (fwd) 
Hi all,
I just got this a few minutes ago and thought it migh be interesting. For
obvious reasons I am not going to identify the source.
Forwarded message:
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-18 06:39:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Repeal the 9th Amendment? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Don't forget the 10th, without the 10th the 9th isn't worth the ink it is
written on. The two Amendments are meant to work hand in hand. Any party
which mentions one without the other is either attempting an end run or else
does not really understand what is being stated in them.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-19 15:01:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 'Monster' numbers 
In reference to numbers which you can't describe, if you examine the work
they are ALL in the Complex domain, none of them are Real's.
Complex numbers deal with areas, not with lengths.
If there existed a Real for which we could not describe this would imply
that we could not draw a line of that length. Something which is clearly
contrary to the axiomatic assumptions of lines and their construction (ie
points have no dimension, only position, and lines are infinite sequences
of points).
A clear Complex example of a 'monster' is Sierpenski's Gasket. It fills an
area but has no measurable surface area.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-19 15:33:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I beg you, PLEASE prove that 0.123456789101112131415 is IRRATIONAL (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So you are saying that the Reals are a subset (ie can be constructed from)
of the Rationals?
I can create a number which is not representable by the ratio of two
integers from two numbers which are representable by ratios of two integers?
That's a nifty trick indeed, I am really impressed.
Cauchy produced a test for testing convergence. I fail to see the relevance
here, but please expound...
Dedekind Cut:
"Thus a nested sequence of rational intervals give rise to a seperation of
all rational numbers into three classes."
Just exactly where does this allow us to create Reals?
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-19 16:01:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dedikend Cut's and such 
Did a little research, Dedekind Cut's and such use Integers to define a
SPECIFIC Real to a arbitrary BUT FIXED resolution. They do not define the
set of Reals.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-19 19:53:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
In short you are saying there are Reals which can not be expressed in the
     AmEm + Am-1Em-1 + ... + A0E0 . B0E-1 + B1E-2 + ... + BnE-n+1
where m and n -> infinity. Another way of saying this is that there
are Reals for which membership in a set of Reals, because they are
uncountable and therefore unrepresentable, is not possible. From a set
perspective this means,
R = [[-infinity, ..., m] [n, ..., 0] [0, ..., p] [q, ..., +infinity]]
such that there are uncountable numbers between m,n or p,q; etc.
Clearly in contradiction with the base axioms of mathematics as described by
Euclid in defining a line.
And I contend that ANY number which is Real can be expressed by the decimal
expansion above. Which clearly qualifies as a formal system.
There are three ways of looking at the total of mathematics,
set theory (Bourbaki School)
geometric (Euclidian)
While it is true the 3 are equivalent, the choice of approach does have a
relevance on how difficult, if even tractible, the proof is for any particular
The Euclidian plane IS a complex plane. The -j or -i used in Complex
symboligy simply means 'rotate the second axis of measure 90 degree
counter-clockwise (by agreement) to the axis of the first measure'. If it
requires 2 or more numbers (integer or real) taken as a set to represent the
quantity it is a Complex. Regions of a Complex plane are directly
comparable (1-to-1) with the concept of 'area' on the Euclidian plane.
Irrelevant. If the hole in my approach is that I can't draw a line of
arbitrary precision in practice then your own 'uncountable numbers' argument
falls for the same reason because if it is truly uncountable you can't point
to it on a number line and say "there is an uncountable". This discussion is
one of principles, not one of practice.
To say there are Reals for which there is no linear representation is the
same as saying there are lengths which can't be measured. Now since a line
is nothing but a set of points, which don't have size, but only position
this obviously holds no water, unless you are saying it is not possible to
place two points arbitrarily close together, which would imply that points
have some sort of width, clearly against the definition of a point.
This all goes back to what I said in a earlier post, the problem comes from
our axiomatic (ie taken on faith, unprovable) use of infinity. Without a
clear and precise dilineation of those axioms prior to the proof such
conclusions are worthless. Several of you have said "infinity is not a
number", this is an axiom. Change the axioms and the whole structure
changes. I am simply saying that perhaps we should look at the "infinity is
not a number" axiom, much as geometers look at Euclids Fifth Postulate.
There is nothing inherent in nature that prefers one axiomatic expression
of infinity over the other.
By changing our axiomatic definition of infinity we reduce the sets we have
to work with from [Integer, Irrational, Real, Complex] to [Integer, Real,
Complex]. Now, whether it is worth the trouble is at this time unanswerable
because nobody has ever done the research.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com
"The laws of mathematics, as far as they refer to reality, are not certain,
and as far as they are certain, do not refer to reality."
                                                  Albert Einstein

@_date: 1997-01-19 20:27:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
An arbitrary Real can be constructed from the Rationals. If we accept the
proposition, as posed apparently by you and others, of uncountable Reals then
your 'assumption' fails, otherwise the 'uncountable' members would be
A 'limit point' is not the same as 'equal to'. Arbitrarily close is not
equivalent, inherent in the definition of a limit point is the concept of
'little o' and 'big o', or worded differently our axiomatic definition of
We can, but there is no fundamental rule in mathematics that requires me to
ignore the small but distinct difference between the element in the original
set and the sequences used to approximate it. It is something that must be
agreed upon by accepting a particular axiomatic definition of infinity.
The number of cuts are 1-to-1 with the Reals, they are not the Reals.
There is no way I can make a cut which is 3.1527, only 1-to-1 with the
number(s). Important distinction.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com
"The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate
 intensity."
                                                     Yeats

@_date: 1997-01-19 20:56:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
An arbitrary Real can be constructed from the Rationals. If we accept the
proposition, as posed apparently by you and others, of uncountable Reals then
your 'assumption' fails, otherwise the 'uncountable' members would be
A 'limit point' is not the same as 'equal to'. Arbitrarily close is not
equivalent, inherent in the definition of a limit point is the concept of
'little o' and 'big o', or worded differently our axiomatic definition of
We can, but there is no fundamental rule in mathematics that requires me to
ignore the small but distinct difference between the element in the original
set and the sequences used to approximate it. It is something that must be
agreed upon by accepting a particular axiomatic definition of infinity.
The number of cuts are 1-to-1 with the Reals, they are not the Reals.
There is no way I can make a cut which is 3.1527, only 1-to-1 with the
number(s). Important distinction.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com
"The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate
 intensity."
                                                     Yeats

@_date: 1997-01-19 20:57:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
In short you are saying there are Reals which can not be expressed in the
     AmEm + Am-1Em-1 + ... + A0E0 . B0E-1 + B1E-2 + ... + BnE-n+1
where m and n -> infinity. Another way of saying this is that there
are Reals for which membership in a set of Reals, because they are
uncountable and therefore unrepresentable, is not possible. From a set
perspective this means,
R = [[-infinity, ..., m] [n, ..., 0] [0, ..., p] [q, ..., +infinity]]
such that there are uncountable numbers between m,n or p,q; etc.
Clearly in contradiction with the base axioms of mathematics as described by
Euclid in defining a line.
And I contend that ANY number which is Real can be expressed by the decimal
expansion above. Which clearly qualifies as a formal system.
There are three ways of looking at the total of mathematics,
set theory (Bourbaki School)
geometric (Euclidian)
While it is true the 3 are equivalent, the choice of approach does have a
relevance on how difficult, if even tractible, the proof is for any particular
The Euclidian plane IS a complex plane. The -j or -i used in Complex
symboligy simply means 'rotate the second axis of measure 90 degree
counter-clockwise (by agreement) to the axis of the first measure'. If it
requires 2 or more numbers (integer or real) taken as a set to represent the
quantity it is a Complex. Regions of a Complex plane are directly
comparable (1-to-1) with the concept of 'area' on the Euclidian plane.
Irrelevant. If the hole in my approach is that I can't draw a line of
arbitrary precision in practice then your own 'uncountable numbers' argument
falls for the same reason because if it is truly uncountable you can't point
to it on a number line and say "there is an uncountable". This discussion is
one of principles, not one of practice.
To say there are Reals for which there is no linear representation is the
same as saying there are lengths which can't be measured. Now since a line
is nothing but a set of points, which don't have size, but only position
this obviously holds no water, unless you are saying it is not possible to
place two points arbitrarily close together, which would imply that points
have some sort of width, clearly against the definition of a point.
This all goes back to what I said in a earlier post, the problem comes from
our axiomatic (ie taken on faith, unprovable) use of infinity. Without a
clear and precise dilineation of those axioms prior to the proof such
conclusions are worthless. Several of you have said "infinity is not a
number", this is an axiom. Change the axioms and the whole structure
changes. I am simply saying that perhaps we should look at the "infinity is
not a number" axiom, much as geometers look at Euclids Fifth Postulate.
There is nothing inherent in nature that prefers one axiomatic expression
of infinity over the other.
By changing our axiomatic definition of infinity we reduce the sets we have
to work with from [Integer, Irrational, Real, Complex] to [Integer, Real,
Complex]. Now, whether it is worth the trouble is at this time unanswerable
because nobody has ever done the research.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com
"The laws of mathematics, as far as they refer to reality, are not certain,
and as far as they are certain, do not refer to reality."
                                                  Albert Einstein

@_date: 1997-01-20 07:11:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dedikend Cut's and such (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then you are saying that using Dedekind Cut's it is possible to define the
ENTIRE set of Reals? I am assuming that entire includes all those Reals
which aren't representable by any algorithm and of which we can't even speak
(even though we are).
Another pretty nifty trick.
                                                        Jim Choate
                                                        CyberTects
                                                        ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-20 07:22:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
If infinity does not have predecessors (ie is immune to normal arithmetic
operations) then it is not possible for a sequence to approach it by adding
a finite amount to succesive terms in order to approach it. This means that
a sequence can not meaningfuly be asymptotic with infinity (meaning I have to
be able to draw a asymptote, at least in theory, in order to demonstrate the
If infinity is not a number, how is it possible to have a definite number
(ie transfinite) which is larger than it?
My contention is that number theory as you present it is playing fast and
loose with the concept of infinity not being a number or visa versa.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-20 07:29:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
But we do have a formal system for generating those terms. Dedekind Cuts
used to enumerate the value of an arbitrary length compared to the unit

@_date: 1997-01-20 07:33:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: infinity & set membership (fwd) 
This ratio has one of 3 outcomes in my system depending on the rate of
approach to infinity of the defining functions,
oo/oo = 0  if the denominator grows faster than the numerator
oo/oo = oo if the numerator grows faster than the denominator
oo/oo = 1  if the two functions grow at equal rates
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:25:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
But we do have a formal system for generating those terms. Dedekind Cuts
used to enumerate the value of an arbitrary length compared to the unit

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:26:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dedikend Cut's and such (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then you are saying that using Dedekind Cut's it is possible to define the
ENTIRE set of Reals? I am assuming that entire includes all those Reals
which aren't representable by any algorithm and of which we can't even speak
(even though we are).
Another pretty nifty trick.
                                                        Jim Choate
                                                        CyberTects
                                                        ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:27:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: infinity & set membership (fwd) 
This ratio has one of 3 outcomes in my system depending on the rate of
approach to infinity of the defining functions,
oo/oo = 0  if the denominator grows faster than the numerator
oo/oo = oo if the numerator grows faster than the denominator
oo/oo = 1  if the two functions grow at equal rates
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:28:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
If infinity does not have predecessors (ie is immune to normal arithmetic
operations) then it is not possible for a sequence to approach it by adding
a finite amount to succesive terms in order to approach it. This means that
a sequence can not meaningfuly be asymptotic with infinity (meaning I have to
be able to draw a asymptote, at least in theory, in order to demonstrate the
If infinity is not a number, how is it possible to have a definite number
(ie transfinite) which is larger than it?
My contention is that number theory as you present it is playing fast and
loose with the concept of infinity not being a number or visa versa.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-20 14:42:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Server Authentication 
Forwarded message:
 Forwarded message:
Isn't LDAP v3 supposed to answer some of these questions related to server
authentication as well anonymity of the users site (if desired)?
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-20 15:26:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Server Authentication 
Forwarded message:
 Forwarded message:
Isn't LDAP v3 supposed to answer some of these questions related to server
authentication as well anonymity of the users site (if desired)?
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-21 18:04:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Keyword scanning/speech recognition (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Now there is a blast from the past. I was working at UT Austin in '82 on my
EE. I had to work part-time at the school for a non-classified project for
the DoD (only way they would let students work on projects on the main
campus). We were building a non-Von Neumann RTL (mono-bus computer) based
router for the ARPANet using the 181's clocked at 40MHz (fastest they were
reliable at) as the ALU's behind the registers. Couldn't find a way to
saturate the machine (had 64 serial ports driving 64 Z80's @ 4MHz sitting
on the RTL bus as addresses registers) on I/O. One of the guys working on
the project was taking an electronic music class from one of the members of
Journey (who was teaching a 1 time 1 semester class on electronic music) so
we ended up using it as a synthesizer. Worked damn well. Don't know what the
DoD did with it afterwards.
Thanks for the reminder of some fond memories.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-21 18:32:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GSM crypto upgrade? (was Re: Newt's phone calls) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
In this regards you people (en toto) need to do a little more real world
research in this area. Voice recognition is and has been easy to do for
decades. As to what Hollywood is doing, not only are they doing voice
masking but your local radio station does it on a regular basis [1] for a
few $1,000's in hardware and software.
[1] Video Toaster User
    Dec. 1996
    Toaster Talk - "Learning from radio"
    pp. 6
                                               Jim Choate
                                               CyberTects
                                               ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-21 18:40:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Keyword scanning/speech recognition (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Now there is a blast from the past. I was working at UT Austin in '82 on my
EE. I had to work part-time at the school for a non-classified project for
the DoD (only way they would let students work on projects on the main
campus). We were building a non-Von Neumann RTL (mono-bus computer) based
router for the ARPANet using the 181's clocked at 40MHz (fastest they were
reliable at) as the ALU's behind the registers. Couldn't find a way to
saturate the machine (had 64 serial ports driving 64 Z80's @ 4MHz sitting
on the RTL bus as addresses registers) on I/O. One of the guys working on
the project was taking an electronic music class from one of the members of
Journey (who was teaching a 1 time 1 semester class on electronic music) so
we ended up using it as a synthesizer. Worked damn well. Don't know what the
DoD did with it afterwards.
Thanks for the reminder of some fond memories.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-21 19:40:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GSM crypto upgrade? (was Re: Newt's phone calls) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
In this regards you people (en toto) need to do a little more real world
research in this area. Voice recognition is and has been easy to do for
decades. As to what Hollywood is doing, not only are they doing voice
masking but your local radio station does it on a regular basis [1] for a
few $1,000's in hardware and software.
[1] Video Toaster User
    Dec. 1996
    Toaster Talk - "Learning from radio"
    pp. 6
                                               Jim Choate
                                               CyberTects
                                               ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-21 20:42:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Nikola Tesla 
Forwarded message:
First, it's Nikola Tesla. At least do the man the honor of getting his name
correct (he is a personal hero of mine), I mean he ONLY invented the AC
power system we use today, the first commercial power generation plant at
Niagra Falls in the world, the first torpedo which he sold to the Russians
because the USN was too stupid to buy it, radio, remote control via radio,
wireless power transmission, etc...
Second, there is a LOT of hogwash attributed to Nikola which he in actuality
never worked on (ie death rays, flying saucers to the interior of the Earth,
etc.). If you would like to learn more about him then check out
"The Writings and Inventions of Nikola Tesla", it was proofed by him prior
to its publication. You will also find in most bookstores a copy of all his
American patents in "The Collected Patents of Nikola Tesla". I apologize for
not providing ISBN's but my copies are 30 miles away in my shop being used
to build Tesla Coils. I would strongly suggest avoiding the Tesla Society as
it is, in my opinion, populated by a bunch of UFO and conspiracy crazies
(though a small percentage of their articles are useable).
His work on 'artificial earthquakes' dealt with his studies on mechanical
coupling between tuned oscillators. He was finaly 'asked' to leave because
he would get 4-5 square block areas of New York rocking, much to the chagrin
of the residents, by coupling pile-driver like oscillators to the building
he lived in.
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-21 21:55:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Nikola Tesla 
Forwarded message:
First, it's Nikola Tesla. At least do the man the honor of getting his name
correct (he is a personal hero of mine), I mean he ONLY invented the AC
power system we use today, the first commercial power generation plant at
Niagra Falls in the world, the first torpedo which he sold to the Russians
because the USN was too stupid to buy it, radio, remote control via radio,
wireless power transmission, etc...
Second, there is a LOT of hogwash attributed to Nikola which he in actuality
never worked on (ie death rays, flying saucers to the interior of the Earth,
etc.). If you would like to learn more about him then check out
"The Writings and Inventions of Nikola Tesla", it was proofed by him prior
to its publication. You will also find in most bookstores a copy of all his
American patents in "The Collected Patents of Nikola Tesla". I apologize for
not providing ISBN's but my copies are 30 miles away in my shop being used
to build Tesla Coils. I would strongly suggest avoiding the Tesla Society as
it is, in my opinion, populated by a bunch of UFO and conspiracy crazies
(though a small percentage of their articles are useable).
His work on 'artificial earthquakes' dealt with his studies on mechanical
coupling between tuned oscillators. He was finaly 'asked' to leave because
he would get 4-5 square block areas of New York rocking, much to the chagrin
of the residents, by coupling pile-driver like oscillators to the building
he lived in.
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-21 22:19:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
'We' shouldn't, it is their own country and it is up to their populace to
stop it. Do you really want Singapore or China having a say in how we run
our web? I certainly don't, and won't support any move to force any
particular view on them. If Billy-Bob wants to shoot himself in the foot,
let him. Might be purty funny to watch.
Bull, the web was conceived so physicist and other researchers could share
data in a easily digestible format. The web and technology in general have
no more ethics or morality intrinsicly in them than a 5/8" open end
wrench. Blocking and filtering are an expression of human choice and the
implimentation thereof. You don't like it, don't live there and don't try to
call there. You or I have no more right to be on a Chinese or Singapore
Internet than they have in coming into yours or my home without an invitation.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-22 04:10:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
'We' shouldn't, it is their own country and it is up to their populace to
stop it. Do you really want Singapore or China having a say in how we run
our web? I certainly don't, and won't support any move to force any
particular view on them. If Billy-Bob wants to shoot himself in the foot,
let him. Might be purty funny to watch.
Bull, the web was conceived so physicist and other researchers could share
data in a easily digestible format. The web and technology in general have
no more ethics or morality intrinsicly in them than a 5/8" open end
wrench. Blocking and filtering are an expression of human choice and the
implimentation thereof. You don't like it, don't live there and don't try to
call there. You or I have no more right to be on a Chinese or Singapore
Internet than they have in coming into yours or my home without an invitation.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-22 17:33:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And your point is? Are you equating a specific individual or organization
with Hitler or the National Socialist?
No, and I have a vote to express that sentiment with and a 'press' (ssz.com)
by which I may express my views irrelevant of how that vote may resolve
itself. If the people in those counties want to give away their freedom that
is their business (and right), not mine, yours, or this countries unless
there is evidence they are trying to take their views and impose them here.
Do you have said evidence? In reference to Hitler, had he stayed in his own country WWII and the ensuing half century of conflict would most likely not
have occured.
I say, let them filter themselves into economic collapse, intellectual
nihilism, and political suicide. Suicide, assissted or otherwise, is a right
any and all individuals have whether acting as individuals or as groups.
Remember Masada!
Never forget, a tree can exist without a forest but a forest can not exist
without trees. It is a one way street however much some people may want to
convince us otherwise.
A goverment is people. This reminds me of the argument of the sanctity of
law that so many people have. It is only ink on paper that people agree to
go along with until they get their fill. Consider, history is full of
examples of this process and with California and Massachusettes move on
legalizing medical marijuana we may be seeing the first move of a return to
states being much more adament on what they can and can't do (per the 9th and
If those people agree to support a system that limits or controls what
information they get to see that is their choice. It didn't work in Russia
and it won't work in Singapore or China any better. If the US were to
continue to press forward on oppressive legislation and the people don't do
anything actively to fight it the same thing will happen here, economic
collapse which forces a political collapse. However, we won't get there
because the more the government employees and officials 'crack down' the
more resistance they will get. You can fool most of the people some of the
time, some of the people most of the time, but you can't fool all the people
all the time.
The key to democratic success is not compromise but rather the unwillingness
to compromise.
The Web does not equal the Internet, straw man argument. The original goal
of the Internet was to allow computers to be connected in a nuclear conflict
and the period afterward when communications would be most critical. How
people may have bastardized it since then does not change the original
reasons (unless you accept revisionist history as a valid endeavour, I don't).
One of the biggest problems this country has right now is the inability of
people like yourself to differentiate the difference between the ideals of
the country and the people who impliment it. The problem is not the
government or the ideals it was founded on but rather the way we impliment
it. Our government is people, who put their pants on the same way you or I
do (assuming you wear pants that is). They are not inherently some mineon of
Hell, they are people who in general either don't give a damn and it's just
a job or else they really believe what they are doing. Our government is NOT
some ideal or non-real entity, despite how many citizens may rail about it in that manner. It just don't make it so.
Accept and deal with your schizophrenic tendencies and help solve this
national problem we face. Let's try to solve it now so that our
grandchildren won't have to fight this fight again.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-22 18:12:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And your point is? Are you equating a specific individual or organization
with Hitler or the National Socialist?
No, and I have a vote to express that sentiment with and a 'press' (ssz.com)
by which I may express my views irrelevant of how that vote may resolve
itself. If the people in those counties want to give away their freedom that
is their business (and right), not mine, yours, or this countries unless
there is evidence they are trying to take their views and impose them here.
Do you have said evidence? In reference to Hitler, had he stayed in his own country WWII and the ensuing half century of conflict would most likely not
have occured.
I say, let them filter themselves into economic collapse, intellectual
nihilism, and political suicide. Suicide, assissted or otherwise, is a right
any and all individuals have whether acting as individuals or as groups.
Remember Masada!
Never forget, a tree can exist without a forest but a forest can not exist
without trees. It is a one way street however much some people may want to
convince us otherwise.
A goverment is people. This reminds me of the argument of the sanctity of
law that so many people have. It is only ink on paper that people agree to
go along with until they get their fill. Consider, history is full of
examples of this process and with California and Massachusettes move on
legalizing medical marijuana we may be seeing the first move of a return to
states being much more adament on what they can and can't do (per the 9th and
If those people agree to support a system that limits or controls what
information they get to see that is their choice. It didn't work in Russia
and it won't work in Singapore or China any better. If the US were to
continue to press forward on oppressive legislation and the people don't do
anything actively to fight it the same thing will happen here, economic
collapse which forces a political collapse. However, we won't get there
because the more the government employees and officials 'crack down' the
more resistance they will get. You can fool most of the people some of the
time, some of the people most of the time, but you can't fool all the people
all the time.
The key to democratic success is not compromise but rather the unwillingness
to compromise.
The Web does not equal the Internet, straw man argument. The original goal
of the Internet was to allow computers to be connected in a nuclear conflict
and the period afterward when communications would be most critical. How
people may have bastardized it since then does not change the original
reasons (unless you accept revisionist history as a valid endeavour, I don't).
One of the biggest problems this country has right now is the inability of
people like yourself to differentiate the difference between the ideals of
the country and the people who impliment it. The problem is not the
government or the ideals it was founded on but rather the way we impliment
it. Our government is people, who put their pants on the same way you or I
do (assuming you wear pants that is). They are not inherently some mineon of
Hell, they are people who in general either don't give a damn and it's just
a job or else they really believe what they are doing. Our government is NOT
some ideal or non-real entity, despite how many citizens may rail about it in that manner. It just don't make it so.
Accept and deal with your schizophrenic tendencies and help solve this
national problem we face. Let's try to solve it now so that our
grandchildren won't have to fight this fight again.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-22 20:58:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
There is no 'the web'. I run a Internet site which is connected 24 hours a
day at my expence which contains a web site. If you think that is 'your' web
then drag your ass to Austin, TX. and start paying the $600 of bills each month
for 'your' web. Quit thinking that what you have and want is what everyone
else has or wants. Grow up. The goal is to keep THEM from bothering YOU, not
the otherway around, they will take care of that using the same tools and
techniques you do.
And you don't have a right to tell them what to do with their computers or
their citizens.
And you should have no say in what they do with their resources.
And their under no obligation to let you run around and force your views on
them anymore than you would accept that sort of behaviour from them.
Wake up, what goes around, comes around.
Which people? Who is doing the forcing? If Singapore citizens are content to
let Singapore officials filter their newsfeeds or whatever that is
Singapores business, not yours. It acts as a concrete real-world object
model on how NOT to do it here, nothing else. Whether you like it or not
both people and governments have a fundamental right to make mistakes. It
comes with the territory. Loose this fantasy you have that there is one way
to run the world, there isn't. People are entirely too diverse for any
single view to rule for any length of appreciable time irrespective of how
much force might be used to promulgate it.
Who made you responsible for them? If you are responsible for them then you
are responsible for me? Not in your wildest wet dream junior. You simply
aren't that important in the scheme of things.
You can't have one without the other. The tree of liberty has to be watered
with blood. Your position is that as long as it isn't your blood then it is
ok. Other people have the same right. Personaly, I don't like the idea of
other people deciding that it is time to spill my blood to water their tree.
The point of the exercise, left up to the student to resolve, is to avoid
this entire scenario, not shift the blame to some other entity.
It works whatever way the people doing it want it to run.
Let me say it again,
GOVERNMENTS ARE PEOPLE MAKING DECISIONS ABOUT PEOPLE, INCLUDING THEMSELVES,
WHICH THEY BELIEVE ARE IN THEIR BEST INTEREST. IF IT DOESN'T FIT WITH YOUR
PARTICULAR IMAGE OF WHAT 'BEST INTEREST' IS, TOUGH SHIT.
Then we have no right to complain about Columbian drug cartels, Russian
contraband nuclear weapons, sarin nerve gas promulaged by Japanese religious
zealots, etc.
Let me say this again,
A FUNDAMENTAL RIGHT OF ALL LIVING BEINGS IS TO PROTECT THEMSELVES THE BEST
WAY THEY SEE FIT AGAINST A PERCEIVED THREAT TO THEIR CONTINUED EXISTANCE. IT
MAKES NO DIFFERENCE IN THE SHORT TERM IF THAT THREAT IS REAL OR NOT.
This is silly and completely misleading.
Really? Where is your object model? Seems like we get in a situation where
we are using violence against people with the reason being we are protecting
them against violence.
Now THAT sounds like some sort of neo-Nazi bullshit. You should apply for
work at the DEA, you would pass their psych screens with flying colors.
I have three quotes you might do well to ponder while you plan your next
                       "Study nature, not books"
                                  Louis Agassiz
           "The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full
            of passionate intensity."
                                                 Yeats
                              "You are
                               What you do
                               When it counts"
                                      The Masao
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-23 17:31:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Typical modern American attitude, getting it right is too much work so let's
lower the benchmark so anyone can be 'right'. You'll be supporting Ebonics
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-23 17:35:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is a perfect example of why we disagree. You feel society has the same
responsibilities as an individual, I don't.
Countries and societies are a tightly linked concept because man is a social
animal. Trying to equate this to an individual who chooses to ignore the
moral, ethical, and legal standards of their society is a non-sequiter.
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-23 17:55:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Typical modern American attitude, getting it right is too much work so let's
lower the benchmark so anyone can be 'right'. You'll be supporting Ebonics
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-23 18:00:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is a perfect example of why we disagree. You feel society has the same
responsibilities as an individual, I don't.
Countries and societies are a tightly linked concept because man is a social
animal. Trying to equate this to an individual who chooses to ignore the
moral, ethical, and legal standards of their society is a non-sequiter.
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-24 16:04:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Homo/bi/sexuals Most Destructive (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Much drivel about AIDS deleted.
The correct term is 'Patient 0'.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-24 16:26:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Homo/bi/sexuals Most Destructive (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Much drivel about AIDS deleted.
The correct term is 'Patient 0'.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 01:57:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Homo/bi/sexuals Most Destructive (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You are welcome to contact the CDC in Georgia and correct their terminology.
I am shure they would appreciate it.
 Their webpage search capability is temporarily down so you might have to
talk to a real person,
Center for Disease Control and Prevention
1600 Clifton Rd., NE.
Atlanta, GA  30333
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 01:57:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: overview.htm 
_________________________________________________________________
                             OVERVIEW OF HIV/AIDS
     _________________________________________________________________
   Some important facts about the evidence that HIV causes AIDS are:
     * Tests for HIV antibody in persons with AIDS show that they are
       infected with the virus.
     * HIV has been isolated from persons with AIDS and grown in pure
       culture.
     * Studies of blood transfusion recipients before 1985 documented the
       transmission of HIV to previously uninfected persons who
       subsequently developed AIDS.
   Before the discovery of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the virus
   that causes AIDS, epidemiologic studies of AIDS patients' sex partners
   and AIDS cases occurring in blood transfusion recipients before 1985
   clearly showed that the underlying cause of AIDS was an infectious
   agent. Infection with HIV has been the only common factor shared by
   persons with AIDS throughout the world, including homosexual men,
   transfusion recipients, persons with hemophilia, sex partners of
   infected persons, children born to infected women, and health care
   workers who were infected with HIV while on the job, mainly by being
   stuck with a needle used on an HIV-infected patient.
   Although we know that HIV is the cause of AIDS, much remains to be
   known about exactly how HIV causes the immune system to break down.
   Scientists are constantly discovering more information about HIV and
   AIDS. These discoveries help people learn how to stop transmission of
   the virus and help people infected with HIV to live longer, healthier
   lives. One important question to answer is why some people exposed to
   HIV become infected and others do not. Scientists believe it is most
   likely because of how infectious the other person is and how they are
   exposed. For example, more than 90 percent of persons who were exposed
   through an HIV-infected unit of blood became infected. So we know that
   blood-to-blood contact is a very efficient way that HIV is spread. On
   the other hand, many health care workers are splashed with blood or
   bloody body fluids and this type of exposure has caused very few
   occurrences of HIV infection. Researchers know how HIV is spread and
   the ways that people can help protect themselves from being exposed to
   HIV.
   If you have questions about HIV infection and AIDS, please call the
   CDC National AIDS Hotline at the tollfree number, 1-800-342-2437. If
   you wish to write to CDC regarding this subject, please write to the
   CDC National AIDS Clearinghouse, Post Office Box 6003, Rockville,
   Maryland, 20849-6003.
     _________________________________________________________________
        Back to HIV/AIDS Information Return to HIV/AIDS Information
        Back to DHAP home page GO BACK TO DHAP HOME PAGE
        (with graphics)
        (text only)
     _________________________________________________________________
    Last Updated: June 13, 1996
    Updated By: Technical Information Activity
    email: hivmail at cidhiv1.em.cdc.gov

@_date: 1997-01-25 13:28:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: overview.htm (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
WOAH Bessie!
I had nothing to do with this exchange, and definitely didn't write ANY of
the above. Please get me out of there and keep me out of it. I am more than
able to speak for myself thank you.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 13:30:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I most certainly did NOT...
Looks like Bessie could use a refresher course in:
   *  Getting their sources correct
   *  Using their mail/editing package
   *  Basic rules of courtesy
Folks, if you can't get it straight, keep your damn editor buffers empty.
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 14:10:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I most certainly did NOT...
Looks like Bessie could use a refresher course in:
   *  Getting their sources correct
   *  Using their mail/editing package
   *  Basic rules of courtesy
Folks, if you can't get it straight, keep your damn editor buffers empty.
                                                Jim Choate
                                                CyberTects
                                                ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 14:12:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: overview.htm (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
WOAH Bessie!
I had nothing to do with this exchange, and definitely didn't write ANY of
the above. Please get me out of there and keep me out of it. I am more than
able to speak for myself thank you.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 18:06:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mis-quote... 
I want to thank all those who sent me email apologizing for the mis-quote.
Your courtesy is appreciated.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 19:40:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mis-quote... 
I want to thank all those who sent me email apologizing for the mis-quote.
Your courtesy is appreciated.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 08:47:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The part of it that comes out of their pocketbook does. Just like the part of
'the net' that I pay for belongs to me. The net is a bunch of computers,
running software, hooked together over cables and other links. Each and
EVERY ONE of these require installation, upkeep, repair, and utility
support. This costs money. He who pays the money owns the net, everybody
else is along for the ride.
If we take your argument to its logical conclusion then once a box goes on
the net it belongs to nobody/everybody. Clearly utter nonsense.
If you really and truly believe that the net belongs to everyone and nobody
has a right to limit or otherwise control the hardware and software along
with the associated comm links they own and pay for then you obviously don't
understand what is going on.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com
ps I also support France's current attempt at forcing the Georgia university
   web site on French soil to use French.

@_date: 1997-01-26 09:25:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The part of it that comes out of their pocketbook does. Just like the part of
'the net' that I pay for belongs to me. The net is a bunch of computers,
running software, hooked together over cables and other links. Each and
EVERY ONE of these require installation, upkeep, repair, and utility
support. This costs money. He who pays the money owns the net, everybody
else is along for the ride.
If we take your argument to its logical conclusion then once a box goes on
the net it belongs to nobody/everybody. Clearly utter nonsense.
If you really and truly believe that the net belongs to everyone and nobody
has a right to limit or otherwise control the hardware and software along
with the associated comm links they own and pay for then you obviously don't
understand what is going on.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com
ps I also support France's current attempt at forcing the Georgia university
   web site on French soil to use French.

@_date: 1997-01-26 09:27:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Internet, Countries, Nationalism, etc. 
blanc has put forth an interesting assertion relating to nationalism and the
Internet. If he is correct then we will have a one world government (ie
technocracy) whether we like it or not.
I agree with this assertion, which is why I hold that it is a waste of
bandwidth trying to 'control' the Internet or access thereof by citizens of
such countries as Singapore. Let them cut themselves off, it does us all a
service, and themselves a dis-service. If the citizens have as much
dissatisfaction as some members claim they will take care of it themselves.
When they get hungry for ideas, materials, and food they will change.
You can take a horse to water, you can't make him drink. You can drown him
however. Then you are walking, not riding.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 10:25:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Internet, Countries, Nationalism, etc. 
blanc has put forth an interesting assertion relating to nationalism and the
Internet. If he is correct then we will have a one world government (ie
technocracy) whether we like it or not.
I agree with this assertion, which is why I hold that it is a waste of
bandwidth trying to 'control' the Internet or access thereof by citizens of
such countries as Singapore. Let them cut themselves off, it does us all a
service, and themselves a dis-service. If the citizens have as much
dissatisfaction as some members claim they will take care of it themselves.
When they get hungry for ideas, materials, and food they will change.
You can take a horse to water, you can't make him drink. You can drown him
however. Then you are walking, not riding.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 15:55:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Humor] Crypto in Traveller (a game) 
I thought I would pass this along to demonstrate that all uses of crypto are
not 'real world'...
Hope you enjoy.
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:59:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Jim Choate Speaks Out on My Part of the Net (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Are you aware that attributing statements in print to a party when that
party did not write them is a crime?
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:26:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: libel.html 
[IMAGE]
   [IMAGE]
Libel and Slander
   "Libel" involves the publishing of a falsehood that harms someone.
   Slander is the same doctrine applied to the spoken word. Collectively,
   they are referred to as "defamation". Both are a matter of state laws,
   which usually (not always) require that the falsehood be intentional.
   In New York Times v. Sullivan, the Supreme Court held that the First
   Amendment requires that, before a public official can recover damages
   for a defamatory statement, he must prove it was made with "actual
   malice", even if state laws otherwise allow recovery for negligent
   defamation. The Court has since expanded this to cover not only public
   officials but "public figures", including individuals who involve
   themselves in controversies.

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:27:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: libelfrm.htm 
LIBEL CHECKLIST
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
Look for material that identifies a person or an entity.
     Keep in mind that it is possible to identify people or entities
     without actually using a name. If the material contains identifiable
     voices, likenesses, or descriptions, it could be a problem.
   ___ The material identifies a person or entity.
STOP HERE if the material does not identify a person or entity.
   You can't have a libel without someone to complain about it!
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
Is any identified person dead?
     There is little reason to be concerned with statements or other
     material reflecting badly on dead persons because the law only
     protects "the memory of the dead," giving no cause of action to
     decedents. So long as the material concerns only the dead person,
     you need not answer the rest of the questions on this form.
   ___The person identified is dead.
STOP HERE if the person identified is dead.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
If material identifies a living person, is it:
   A private individual.
   ___A public person.
   ___A political person.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
Would the material negatively influence a reasonable reader's opinion of the
person or entity identified?
   ___a.
          It would reflect badly on the character of the person or
          entity.
   ___b.
          It could harm the reputation, diminish the esteem, respect or
          good will in which the person or entity's relevant community
          holds him, her or it.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
If the material might reflect badly on character and/or harm reputation, would
the harm be the result of:
   ___An explicit statement.
   ___An insinuation.
   ___A sarcastic statement.
   ___A parody or cartoon.
   ___An opinion that implies that there are unstated defamatory facts
   underlying it.
   ___Other.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
There are several possible defenses to a claim of defamation, although none may
apply in a particular case. Check one of the following defenses only if you are
fairly certain it would apply.
   ___The statement or other material is true.
   ___The statement or other material is purely an expression of opinion
   and not an assertion of fact.
   ___The statement or other material constitutes a fair comment on a
   matter of public opinion, for example, the use of public money,
   disbarment of attorneys, management of public institutions and
   charities, management of private companies whose activities widely
   affect the public (pollution, delivery of medical services, common
   carriage, employment practices, discrimination, etc.) or the review of
   books, public entertainment, sports events or scientific discoveries.
   ___No one could reasonably interpret the statement or image to be an
   assertion of actual fact about the person or entity.
   ___The statement or image can be characterized as mere words of abuse,
   indicating dislike for the person or entity, but does not suggest any
   specific charge.
   ___The subject of the statement or image has given consent to or
   approved the material.
   _________________ __________
     _________________________________________________________________
   University Liability for the Wrongful Acts of Employee Publishers |
   Copyright Management Center Homepage | Intellectual Property Section
   Homepage
     _________________________________________________________________
    8 August 1995
   University of Texas System Office of General Counsel
    Comments to gharper at utsystem.edu
     _________________________________________________________________

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:27:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 1a_c7p4.html 
[IMAGE]
  Chapter VII: Libel
   Identification
     _________________________________________________________________
   A plaintiff must prove that the alleged defamatory publication refers
   to him or her.
   Relatives cannot sue on behalf of a deceased person. Governmental
   entities cannot bring libel claims, nor can members of large groups
   (usually 25 or more). However, if the statement can be interpreted as
   referring to a particular person in a group, that person can sue.
   Also, if the offending information pertains to a majority of the
   members of a small group, any member of the group has standing to sue.
   A corporation may bring a libel claim if the alleged defamatory
   statement raises doubts about the honesty, credit, efficiency or
   prestige of that business. However, if the statements refer only to
   corporate officers, the corporation cannot litigate on their behalf.
     _________________________________________________________________
   [INLINE] Back to Table of Contents
   [INLINE] Jump to next section in this chapter

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:29:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: libsln.htm 
Landskroner, LTD. [INLINE]
Libel / Slander
   Libel / Slander is an area that involves defamatory oral or written
   statements containing false and misleading material which causes
   damage or injury to reputation and/or monetary loss.
   We provide a quick review of their success stories , some media and
   newspaper articles about what they've been able to do for their
   clients, and published articles about this topic.
   Please e-mail us with questions about our service! Landskroner and
   Phillips    [INLINE]
   Nationally Recognized Consumer Trial Advocates.
   Over 100 Years combined experience in both State and Federal Courts.
   55 Public Square, Tenth Floor, Cleveland Ohio 44113-1904
   Phone: (216) 241-7000
   Fax: (216) 241-3135
   Toll Free: (888) 241-7001
   [INLINE]

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:30:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: prof_960318.html 
LIBEL CONCERNS ARE A REALITY FOR SCIENTISTS WHO SPEAK OUT IN PUBLIC
   Author: Robert Finn (The Scientist, Vol:10,  p. 15, March 18, 1996)
   In today's increasingly litigious society, anyone can become the
   target of a lawsuit. A potential libel action, for example, should not
   only be the concern of publishers and journalists. The threat of a
   libel suit is now a reality for anyone, including scientists who
   choose to speak out publicly-or even write letters to the editor-on
   controversial issues.
   A libel suit can come without warning when an ordinary scientist is
   engaged in ordinary scientific activities. For example, Arnold S.
   Relman, editor emeritus of the New England Journal of Medicine, was
   quoted in a newspaper article criticizing the advertising practices of
   a for-profit hospital. Victor J. Stenger, a professor of physics at
   the University of Hawaii at Manoa, incorrectly described Israeli
   psychic Uri Geller's legal history in a book debunking paranormal
   phenomena. And Jan Moor-Jankowski, as editor of the Journal of Medical
   Primatology, merely printed a letter from an animal activist opposing
   a pharmaceutical company's experiments.
   Each of these scientists soon found himself faced with the dreaded
   prospect of defending himself in a libel suit. All three eventually
   prevailed in court, or the charges ended up being dropped. But
   defending themselves was a painful, distracting, and often expensive
   process. The lessons they learned are instructive to all scientists
   who write or make public statements.
   Arnol Relman
   CASE DISMISSED: "I think they knew they had no case," says Arnold
   Relman of the suit files against him by a for-profit cancer-treatment
   center. The First Amendment to the United States Constitution provides
   powerful-but not impregnable-protection to anyone who speaks on
   controversial topics. "Libel is a civil action, a tort action that you
   can bring against somebody claiming that a statement, either written
   or oral, is false and defamatory and caused you injury," explains
   Charles S. Sims, a noted libel attorney and partner at Proskauer Rose
   Goetz and Mendelsohn, a New York law firm. (This firm handles libel
   matters for The Scientist.)
   Sims notes that legal bills for a libel defense can quickly mount up.
   Even if the case is dismissed quickly, one can easily run up $20,000
   to $60,000 in costs, and if a case drags on, it can go into the
   millions. Libel insurance can cost publishers thousands of dollars per
   year, and is an additional factor in today's high cost of publishing.
   Victor Stenger
   ERRATUM SHEET INSERTED: Victor Stenger took measures to correct his
   text but was sued nonetheless. "If you are sued, you need to check
   with your employer or your institution or your professional
   group-anybody who might consider themselves morally bound to come to
   your aid," advises Sims. "And you also need to look at your home
   insurance policy. An astonishing number of home insurance policies
   have clauses which turn out to be usable to force an insurance company
   to pay for a defense."
Landmark Case
   The legal axiom goes, "Truth is an absolute defense against libel,"
   and indeed no true statement of fact can ever be libelous, and neither
   can statements of judgment or opinion, which are neither true nor
   false. Both these principles were put to the test in the landmark case
   that Immuno AG (a pharmaceutical company based in Austria) brought
   against Moor-Jankowski. The former editor of the Journal of Medical
   Primatology was then director of New York University's Laboratory for
   Experimental Medicine and Surgery in Primates. He has recently founded
   the Center for Academic Freedom, based in New York City.
   As chronicled in the book The Monkey Wars by Deborah Blum (Oxford
   University Press, 1994) and in interviews with Moor-Jankowski and his
   attorney Philip Byler (now at the New York firm Layton, Brooks and
   Hecht), it all started in January 1983, when Shirley McGreal wrote a
   letter to the Journal of Medical Primatology objecting to some
   experiments proposed by Immuno AG.
   McGreal is an animal activist and founder of the Charleston,
   S.C.-based International Primate Protection League. She learned that
   Immuno planned a study of non-A/non-B hepatitis in African
   chimpanzees, at a research station in Sierra Leone. Based on what she
   learned about the experiments, and the conclusions she drew from these
   facts, she had several objections. Among them were that the
   experimenters would be using wild-caught chimpanzees, whose numbers
   are dwindling; that they would release them after experimentally
   infecting them with hepatitis; and that the released chimps might
   transmit the disease to other animals.
   With McGreal's letter to the editor in hand, Moor-Jankowski tried to
   elicit a rebuttal from Immuno's research director. Instead, he soon
   received a letter from Immuno's lawyers asserting that McGreal's
   statements were inaccurate and reckless. It read, in part: "We would
   also like to advise you that our review of Dr. McGreal's letter
   indicated that it is not a fair comment regarding our client's
   activities, and should you proceed with publication, without giving us
   the opportunity for a meaningful response, we shall be compelled to
   take whatever actions we deem necessary to redress our client's
   rights."
   But though Moor-Jankowski waited until December 1983 before publishing
   McGreal's letter (S. McGreal, J. Med. Primatol., 12:280, 1983), Immuno
   never offered a substantive response to her charges. During that time
   Moor-Jankowski himself came to be critical of Immuno's planned
   experiments, and he was quoted to that effect in New Scientist (N.
   Heneson, 100:165, 1983).
   Immuno then brought suit against a number of institutions and
   individuals, including McGreal, Moor-Jankowski, the Journal of Medical
   Primatology, New Scientist, the distributors of both publications, and
   NYU. Although Immuno ultimately dropped plans for the experiments, it
   continued pursuing its libel cases. In response, almost all the
   defendants or their insurance companies chose to settle rather than
   fight.
   The exception was Moor-Jankowski. Born in Poland, he explains his
   decision to persist by saying, "As a very young boy I fought the
   Germans for freedom. I didn't want to stand up for muzzling."
   It cost him seven years and about $2 million in legal fees ($200,000
   of which Moor-Jankowski paid himself), and it generated an
   eight-volume legal record as the case cycled among the New York County
   Supreme Court, the New York State Court of Appeals, and the U.S.
   Supreme Court. In the end, Moor-Jankowski was vindicated. The Court of
   Appeals ruled that the letter was a combination of truthful factual
   statements and opinion, both of which are protected by the First
   Amendment. Jan Moor-Jankowski
   HE CHOSE TO FIGHT: Jan Moor-Jankowski did not settle his libel case
   out of court because "I didn't want to stand up for muzzling."
   "When you're talking about a letter to the editor, you're talking
   about what the Court of Appeals in New York correctly viewed as a
   forum to air grievances and views on the part of the public," says
   Philip Byler, Moor-Jankowski's attorney. "It's a precedent because
   it's a . . . decision which adhered to a broad constitutional
   protection of opinion."
   Byler maintains that the decision makes clear that "you do have a
   right to express views that are not orthodox. You do have a right to
   express viewpoints which over the course of time will be shown to be
   wrong-minded. A letter to the editor is a forum for opinion, and quite
   frankly people should feel the leeway to express themselves without
   the fear that sometime in the future, in the libel courtroom, where
   money damages are at stake, they will be shown to be wrong. That
   doesn't say that you have a right to make false, defamatory statements
   that are really hurtful to somebody."
   Byler's advice to authors of letters to the editor: Clearly separate
   factual statements from statements of opinion. "To the extent you are
   making a statement that's based on inference or speculation or
   conjecture, use words that indicate that." Byler believes that as
   editor of the journal, Moor-Jankowski more than fulfilled his
   obligations by deliberating a considerable time before publication,
   all the while soliciting a substantive response from the criticized
   party.
Public Figures
   For a statement to be libelous, the offended party must suffer actual
   damage, notes Sims. "It's got to be really harmful, not just something
   that offends somebody's sensibilities, but something that harms their
   reputation."
   This principle came into play in Cornell University astronomer Carl
   Sagan's suit against Apple Computer Inc. of Cupertino, Calif. Apple
   had been using "Carl Sagan" as its internal name for a new computer.
   Sagan got wind of this, and his lawyers sent Apple a letter
   instructing the company to cease and desist. In response, a project
   manager changed the computer's name to BHA, an acronym for Butt-Head
   Astronomer. Sagan sued Apple in the Central District of California
   for, among other things, libel, infliction of emotional distress, and
   improperly using his name.
   Judge Lourdes G. Baird dismissed the libel portion of the suit,
   holding that "one does not seriously attack the expertise of a
   scientist using the undefined phrase 'butt-head,' and that a reader
   aware of the context would understand the project manager was
   retaliating in a humorous and satirical way." Sagan, who declined to
   be interviewed for this article, later reached a settlement with Apple
   on the other aspects of the suit.
   But even when a statement is both false and harmful it still may not
   be libel, says Sims. "If it criticizes one particular event, in many
   states it's immune from prosecution under the single-instance rule. If
   you say that a doctor screwed up an operation, that's not libelous. If
   you say that he's a terrible surgeon, it might be. Similarly, if
   you're writing a review of a scientific article and say that scientist
   miscalculated the numbers... that's not going to be actionable. If you
   said, on the other hand, that somebody's research was fraudulent, it
   certainly would be."
   For individuals judged to be public figures, a statement must not only
   be false but also must be made with malice or with "reckless disregard
   for the truth." Explains Sims: "All 'reckless disregard' means is that
   you actually,subjectively entertained doubts and went ahead and
   published anyway. If you believe what you are saying, as a matter of
   law you cannot-if the jury or the judge believes you-lose a libel
   case."
   This would likely have been a factor had Uri Geller's suit against
   Victor Stenger not been dismissed before it ever got to trial. In his
   book Physics and Psychics: The Search for a World Beyond the Sensesm
   (Buffalo, N.Y., Prometheus Books, 1990), Stenger stated of Geller that
   "... he was once arrested for claiming his feats were performed with
   psychic power." In fact, Stenger had drawn an incorrect conclusion
   from some of his research material. The accounts Stenger relied upon
   mentioned that Geller had been "brought to court," but it had been in
   a civil case, and he had never been arrested.
   Once Stenger realized his error, he and his publisher voluntarily
   inserted an erratum sheet and changed the wording in later printings
   of the book. Nevertheless, Geller sued Stenger for libel in Florida,
   London, and Hawaii.
   Stenger is convinced that despite his error he would have prevailed
   had the case come to trial. "You can say something that is incorrect
   if at the time it was to the best of your knowledge correct," he
   explains. "That never came up, because as often happens in legal
   cases, you get out on technicalities before the merits are really
   discussed."
   Geller's Florida and Hawaii cases were dismissed because he brought
   them after those states' statutes of limitations had expired. And his
   case against Stenger in London was dropped as part of a global
   settlement of several related cases between Geller and the Amherst,
   N.Y.-based Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the
   Paranormal.
New Sources Of Trouble
   Typically, libel law says that only a corporation or a living person
   can be disparaged. But in 12 states (Alabama, Arizona, Colorado,
   Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, Ohio, South Carolina,
   South Dakota, and Texas) it has recently become possible to libel a
   fruit or vegetable. Farmers in those states can now sue those who make
   false claims about agricultural products.
   These "agricultural disparagement" laws were apparently inspired by a
   1989 report from the New York City-based Natural Resources Defense
   Council (NRDC) linking the apple additive Alar to cancer. Growers
   turned to state legislators in an effort to fend off criticism by NRDC
   and other watchdog organizations. Lawrie Mott, senior scientist at
   NRDC's San Francisco office, calls them "veggie hate-crimes laws," and
   says of the states that have passed them, "They're attempting to
   silence those people who have raised questions about the food supply.
   "It's not clear that these laws are constitutional," Mott continues.
   "If it's based on 'reliable scientific fact,' it's not considered
   disparagement under the law. That's a very vague term, and one that's
   primed for litigation. But the ultimate advice I would have [for
   scientists] is: If what you say is accurate, stick to your guns. If
   you have scientific concerns about the safety of the food supply,
   don't be silenced by people with obvious interests in keeping it
   quiet."
   Lawrie Mott
   LETTUCE LIBELED? Lawrie Mott describes the "agricultural
   disparagement" laws as "veggie hate-crimes laws". Additionally, new
   modes of scientific communication-E-mail, Usenet newsgroups, and the
   World Wide Web-have become further sources of libel-related worries.
   As Dan L. Burk, an assistant professor at Seton Hall University's
 "For the first time in history, global computer
   networks have in essence made everyone a publisher-with a few
   keystrokes, ordinary citizens can make their opinions known to
   thousands of others... This is an exciting development for individual
   freedom of expression, but there is a dark side to this unprecedented
   opportunity: Such computer-mediated communication may also expose
   ordinary citizens to liability on an unprecedented scale" (D.L. Burk,
   The Scientist, April 3, 1995, page 12).
   One thing is certain: Legal liability issues in electronic
   communication are in a highly unsettled state. For example, there is
   no agreement on the critical issue of whether service providers such
   as CompuServe and America Online should be thought of as publishers,
   and hence at least partially responsible for the content of their
   service, or "common carriers" and thus no more responsible than is the
   phone company for conversations over its wires.
   Another recently developed legal scheme for silencing criticism of
   corporate practices has come to be called the "SLAPP suit." SLAPP
   stands for Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation. The law
   has long allowed just about anyone to sue anyone else for anything,
   and a SLAPP suit often takes the form of an unwinnable libel suit that
   is intended to harass and deplete the resources of critics.
   Arnold Relman, a longtime critic of what he calls the
   "medical-industrial complex," found himself the target of a what he
   considered a harassing libel suit after a reporter for the Dallas
   Morning News asked for his comment on some newspaper and radio ads
   placed by a for-profit cancer-treatment center, the Zion, Ill.-based
   Cancer Treatment Centers of America. (This is not technically a SLAPP
   suit because Relman's statement was quoted in a newspaper account and
   not made in the course of a public proceeding.) According to Relman,
   the ads implied that the center was able to help people with advanced
   cancer who had failed to respond to conventional medical treatments.
   "I said [to the reporter] I didn't know anything about the company,
   hadn't heard of it before, but on the face of what he read me those
   ads were misleading and they were unethical. . . . I said that . . .
   it was unfortunate that they would hold out this kind of hope to
   people with advanced metastatic cancer," recalls Relman.
   The center sued Relman and several other physicians quoted in the
   article (J. Weiss, Dallas Morning News, June 21, 1992, page 1A). A
   Texas court issued a subpoena to Relman requiring that he give a
   deposition at a lawyer's offices in Boston. But Relman's lawyers
   successfully argued that the Texas court had no jurisdiction in
   Massachusetts, and the case was ultimately dropped.
   "I think they knew they had no case," comments Relman. "I was
   expressing an opinion, and what I said as an opinion was true. I
   didn't say it with malicious intention. I didn't even know the
   company. I had nothing personal against them. I was just talking on a
   matter of public policy and medical ethics.
   "It seems to me that honest and well-intentioned scientific disputes
   ought to be off limits to litigation," continues Relman. "Many
   scientific advances are made by the resolution of disputes, the
   correction of well-intentioned or honest error by better data, new
   information... It ought to be possible for scientists to express
   honest disagreements, to make honest mistakes... without involving
   them in litigation.... I think it would be a terrible damage to the
   scientific process if lawyers began to get involved in scientific
   debates."
   Robert Finn, a freelance science writer based in Long Beach, Calif.,
   is online at finn at nasw.org.
   [home] [top] [search] [previous] [next]      _________________________________________________________________
          (The Scientist, Vol:10,  pg.15-16 , March 18, 1996)
          (Copyright  The Scientist, Inc.)
   WE WELCOME YOUR OPINION. IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO COMMENT ON THIS STORY,
          PLEASE WRITE TO US AT EITHER ONE OF THE FOLLOWING ADDRESSES:
   71764.2561 at compuserve.com
          or
   The Scientist, 3600 Market Street, Suite 450, Philadelphia, PA 19104,
          U.S.A.

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:38:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cc.300.html 
PUNISHMENT OF LIBEL KNOWN TO BE FALSE.
   300. Every one who publishes a defamatory libel that he knows is false
   is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to imprisonment for a
   term not exceeding five years. [R.S., c.C-34, s.264.]
     _________________________________________________________________
   Next, Section 301 ...

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:38:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cc.317.html 
VERDICTS IN CASES OF DEFAMATORY LIBEL.
   317. Where, on the trial of an indictment for publishing a defamatory
   libel, a plea of not guilty is pleaded, the jury that is sworn to try
   the issue may give a general verdict of guilty or not guilty on the
   whole matter put in issue on the indictment, and shall not be required
   or directed by the judge to find the defendant guilty merely on proof
   of publication by the defendant of the alleged defamatory libel, and
   of the sense ascribed thereto in the indictment, but the judge may, in
   his discretion, give a direction or opinion to the jury on the matter
   in issue as in other criminal proceedings, and the jury may, on the
   issue, find a special verdict. [R.S., c.C-34, s.281.]
     _________________________________________________________________
   Next, Section 318 ...

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:39:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: PublicF_j385.html 
Libel Plaintiffs - Public or Private Person Status
  Recent Examples
   PUBLIC OFFICIALS:
     * High School Teacher, Elstrom v. Independent Sch. District (Minn.
       1995)
     * Elementary School Principal, 20 MLR 1640 (VT.)
     * Former County Employee w/ Financial Responsiblity, 20 MLR 2159
       (Tenn.)
     * Police Officer, 21 MLR 1588 (Az.)
     * Federal Strike Force Attorney, 20 MLR 1649 (Az.)
     * TVA Official, 20 MLR 1873 (6th)
     * Athletic Director/Football Coach, 21 MLR 1746 (Tx.)
     * Special-Agent-In-Charge of President Ford's Secret Service Detail,
       21 MLR 1842 (D.D.C.)
     * Mississippi Public Defender, 22 MLR 1413 (DC S. Miss. 1994)
     * Former Deputy Sheriff, 22 MLR 2013 (Fla CirCt. 1994)
     * Commissioned National Guard Officers, 22 MLR 2046 (Ga. SuperCt
       1994)
     * Police Lieutenant, 22 MLR 2129 (NJ SupCt 1994)
     * President of State Troopers' association, 22 MLR (NY SupCt AppDiv.
       1993)
   NOT PUBLIC OFFICIALS:
   High School Principal, 20 MLR 2095 (GA.)
   Deputy Public Defender, 21 MLR 1624 (CA)
   Street & Traffic Supervisor, LeDoux v. Northstar Pub., 521 N.W. 2d
   (Mn. 1994) LIMITED PUBLIC FIGURES:
     * Charity seeking donations and organizer, 21 MLR 1449 (4th Cir.)
     * Attorney in private practice representing several school
       districts, 20 MLR 1992 (NJ)
     * Physician who sought media attention for practice and technique,
       20 MLR 1613 (NY)
     * Star Witness in Jim Garrison case who "sought limelight", 20 MLR
       2113 (La.)
     * Lawn Mower Repair Co., 22 MLR 1461 (NJ SuperCt. AppDiv. 1994)*
     * Police Officer/Subject of Book, 22 MLR 1385 (5th Cir. 1994)*
     * Paycologists/authors, 22 MLR 1852 (7th Cir. 1994)
     * Convicted Murderer, 22 MLR 2239 (DC Sind. 1994)*
     * Actress/Model, 22 MLR 2147 (DC E Wis. 1994) *
     * Appointed tax collector who never took office, 22 MLR 2157 (Ariz
       SuperCt 1994)
     * Brother who "voluntarily thrust himself" into controversy
       surrounding his brothers arrest, 22 MLR 1434 (Ca Ct App 1994)
   *Note: It is not clear that these individuals would be limited public
   figures in Oregon.
   NOT PUBLIC FIGURES:
     * Host of a loud party, 21 MLR 1378 (Pa.)
     * Woman at home where MLK had dinner night before shot who was
       alledged to have had extramarital affair with King, 21 MLR 1353
       (S.D.N.Y)
     * Person accused of of sexual misconduct, 22 MLR 2353 (4th Cir.
       1994)
   Return to J385 Home page

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:40:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 1a_c7p6.html 
[IMAGE]
  Chapter VII: Libel
   Fault
     _________________________________________________________________
   The Supreme Court has recognized different standards for different
   types of libel plaintiffs, with public officials and public figures
   required to show a high degree of fault.
   Celebrities and others with power in a community are usually
   considered public figures. Politicians and high-ranking government
   personnel are public officials.
   Courts generally consider public officials to include public employees
   who have substantial responsibility for or control over the conduct of
   governmental affairs. Some courts have found that public school
   teachers and police officers are public officials.
   But determining if other people are private or public figures is not
   always easy. In some instances, there may be overlapping in the
   private and public category. For example, a businessperson who has
   high visibility because of fundraising efforts in a community may or
   may not be a public figure for all purposes.
   A plaintiff who is considered a public figure or official must prove
   that the publisher or broadcaster acted with "actual malice" in
   reporting derogatory information. "Actual malice" does not mean ill
   will or intent to harm. Instead, the term applies to whether the
   defendant knew that the challenged statements were false or acted with
   reckless disregard of the truth.
   Courts may examine reporting procedures in testing for actual malice.
   While carelessness is not usually considered reckless disregard,
   ignoring obvious ways of substantiating allegations could be
   considered reckless.
   In Harte-Hanks Communications, Inc. v. Connaughton, the Supreme Court
   held that even an extreme deviation from professional standards, or
   the publication of a story to increase circulation, do not in
   themselves prove actual malice. The Court also said that while failure
   to investigate facts does not necessarily prove actual malice, a
   "purposeful avoidance of the truth" may.
   Use of quotations that are not literally accurate will not necessarily
   be considered proof of actual malice as long as the altered quotes do
   not materially change the meaning of the words the speaker used. In
   Masson v. The New Yorker Magazine, the Supreme Court acknowledged
   that some editing of quotations is often necessary, but refused to
   extend protection to all edits that are at least a "rational
   interpretation" of what the speaker said.
   If the plaintiff is a private litigant, he or she must at least prove
   that the publisher or broadcaster was negligent in failing to
   ascertain that the statement was false and defamatory. Some states may
   impose a higher burden on private-figure litigants, especially if the
   story in question concerns a matter of public importance.
     _________________________________________________________________
   [INLINE] Back to Table of Contents
   [INLINE] Jump to next section in this chapter

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:41:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 1a_c7p7.html 
[IMAGE]
  Chapter VII: Libel
   Defenses
     _________________________________________________________________
   Truth is generally a complete bar to recovery by any plaintiff who
   sues for libel. Making sure that any potentially libelous material can
   be proven true can avoid needless litigation.
   Fair Report. Libelous statements made by others in certain settings
   are often conditionally privileged if the reporter, in good faith,
   accurately reports information of public interest. This privilege
   usually applies to official meetings such as judicial proceedings,
   legislative hearings and grand jury deliberations.
   Opinion is still protected speech under the First Amendment, although
   the Supreme Court limited the formerly broad reach of opinion
   protection in Milkovich v. Lorain Journal. The court ruled that there
   is no separate opinion privilege, but because factual truth is a
   defense to a libel claim an opinion with no "provably false factual
   connotation" is still protected.
   As a result of this decision, courts will examine statements of
   opinion to see if they are based on or presume underlying facts. If
   these facts are false or defamatory, the "opinion" statements will not
   be protected.
   Consent. If a person gives permission for the publication of the
   information, that person cannot later sue for libel. However, denial,
   refusal to answer or silence concerning the statement do not
   constitute consent.
   The statute of limitations for bringing libel suits varies from state
   to state. Generally the time limit for filing a libel lawsuit starts
   at the time of the first publication of the alleged defamation. If the
   plaintiff does not sue within the statutory time period, the
   litigation can be barred.
   Although a retraction is not usually considered a defense to a libel
   claim, it may reduce the damages a defendant must pay if found liable
   for defamation. Before agreeing to publish a retraction, consult an
   attorney.
     _________________________________________________________________
   [INLINE] Back to Table of Contents
   [INLINE] Jump to next section in this chapter

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:05:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fantasy quotes & libel 
After review of the material I forwarded by request it is clear that
'fantasy' quotes are libel provided:
  * the person being quoted is not a public figure. On a 'private'
    mailing list like the cypherpunks this is a given unless similar
    statements can be found in the public records.
  * the section added to the original quote is not clearly seperated
    or otherwise dilineated such that a reader will be able to tell
    what the original quote was and the extrapolation by the 'editor'
    is.
  * there is clear intent to effect the perception of the original
    authors reputation in a negative or otherwise harmful manner.
  * the 'fantasy' quote is not clearly marked as the opinion of the
    editor.
While quoting persons with editing is allowed under the 1st Amendment as
understood by the courts the attributation of extrapolations by a third
party (meaning a party other than the original author and the reader) as
'true' quotes of the original author is not.
'Truth' is usually ascribed as protection against libel, however, opinions
are not 'true', they are opinions not facts as accepted by a court.
With the current 'editorial control' as provided by the cypherpunks mailing
list the mailing list operator/censor may also be held in some situations
accountable as well. This occurs because the relationship between list
operator and the quoter is similar to that of editor and reporter in a
newspaper. For the quoter to get his quote distributed the list operator
must ok it. The reasoning used is that the editor 'should have known' the
boundaries and applied them.
Not only is ignorance not an excuse but neither is negligence.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:11:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cc.300.html 
PUNISHMENT OF LIBEL KNOWN TO BE FALSE.
   300. Every one who publishes a defamatory libel that he knows is false
   is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to imprisonment for a
   term not exceeding five years. [R.S., c.C-34, s.264.]
     _________________________________________________________________
   Next, Section 301 ...

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:11:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cc.317.html 
VERDICTS IN CASES OF DEFAMATORY LIBEL.
   317. Where, on the trial of an indictment for publishing a defamatory
   libel, a plea of not guilty is pleaded, the jury that is sworn to try
   the issue may give a general verdict of guilty or not guilty on the
   whole matter put in issue on the indictment, and shall not be required
   or directed by the judge to find the defendant guilty merely on proof
   of publication by the defendant of the alleged defamatory libel, and
   of the sense ascribed thereto in the indictment, but the judge may, in
   his discretion, give a direction or opinion to the jury on the matter
   in issue as in other criminal proceedings, and the jury may, on the
   issue, find a special verdict. [R.S., c.C-34, s.281.]
     _________________________________________________________________
   Next, Section 318 ...

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:11:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: libsln.htm 
Landskroner, LTD. [INLINE]
Libel / Slander
   Libel / Slander is an area that involves defamatory oral or written
   statements containing false and misleading material which causes
   damage or injury to reputation and/or monetary loss.
   We provide a quick review of their success stories , some media and
   newspaper articles about what they've been able to do for their
   clients, and published articles about this topic.
   Please e-mail us with questions about our service! Landskroner and
   Phillips    [INLINE]
   Nationally Recognized Consumer Trial Advocates.
   Over 100 Years combined experience in both State and Federal Courts.
   55 Public Square, Tenth Floor, Cleveland Ohio 44113-1904
   Phone: (216) 241-7000
   Fax: (216) 241-3135
   Toll Free: (888) 241-7001
   [INLINE]

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:12:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 1a_c7p4.html 
[IMAGE]
  Chapter VII: Libel
   Identification
     _________________________________________________________________
   A plaintiff must prove that the alleged defamatory publication refers
   to him or her.
   Relatives cannot sue on behalf of a deceased person. Governmental
   entities cannot bring libel claims, nor can members of large groups
   (usually 25 or more). However, if the statement can be interpreted as
   referring to a particular person in a group, that person can sue.
   Also, if the offending information pertains to a majority of the
   members of a small group, any member of the group has standing to sue.
   A corporation may bring a libel claim if the alleged defamatory
   statement raises doubts about the honesty, credit, efficiency or
   prestige of that business. However, if the statements refer only to
   corporate officers, the corporation cannot litigate on their behalf.
     _________________________________________________________________
   [INLINE] Back to Table of Contents
   [INLINE] Jump to next section in this chapter

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:12:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 1a_c7p7.html 
[IMAGE]
  Chapter VII: Libel
   Defenses
     _________________________________________________________________
   Truth is generally a complete bar to recovery by any plaintiff who
   sues for libel. Making sure that any potentially libelous material can
   be proven true can avoid needless litigation.
   Fair Report. Libelous statements made by others in certain settings
   are often conditionally privileged if the reporter, in good faith,
   accurately reports information of public interest. This privilege
   usually applies to official meetings such as judicial proceedings,
   legislative hearings and grand jury deliberations.
   Opinion is still protected speech under the First Amendment, although
   the Supreme Court limited the formerly broad reach of opinion
   protection in Milkovich v. Lorain Journal. The court ruled that there
   is no separate opinion privilege, but because factual truth is a
   defense to a libel claim an opinion with no "provably false factual
   connotation" is still protected.
   As a result of this decision, courts will examine statements of
   opinion to see if they are based on or presume underlying facts. If
   these facts are false or defamatory, the "opinion" statements will not
   be protected.
   Consent. If a person gives permission for the publication of the
   information, that person cannot later sue for libel. However, denial,
   refusal to answer or silence concerning the statement do not
   constitute consent.
   The statute of limitations for bringing libel suits varies from state
   to state. Generally the time limit for filing a libel lawsuit starts
   at the time of the first publication of the alleged defamation. If the
   plaintiff does not sue within the statutory time period, the
   litigation can be barred.
   Although a retraction is not usually considered a defense to a libel
   claim, it may reduce the damages a defendant must pay if found liable
   for defamation. Before agreeing to publish a retraction, consult an
   attorney.
     _________________________________________________________________
   [INLINE] Back to Table of Contents
   [INLINE] Jump to next section in this chapter

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:12:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: PublicF_j385.html 
Libel Plaintiffs - Public or Private Person Status
  Recent Examples
   PUBLIC OFFICIALS:
     * High School Teacher, Elstrom v. Independent Sch. District (Minn.
       1995)
     * Elementary School Principal, 20 MLR 1640 (VT.)
     * Former County Employee w/ Financial Responsiblity, 20 MLR 2159
       (Tenn.)
     * Police Officer, 21 MLR 1588 (Az.)
     * Federal Strike Force Attorney, 20 MLR 1649 (Az.)
     * TVA Official, 20 MLR 1873 (6th)
     * Athletic Director/Football Coach, 21 MLR 1746 (Tx.)
     * Special-Agent-In-Charge of President Ford's Secret Service Detail,
       21 MLR 1842 (D.D.C.)
     * Mississippi Public Defender, 22 MLR 1413 (DC S. Miss. 1994)
     * Former Deputy Sheriff, 22 MLR 2013 (Fla CirCt. 1994)
     * Commissioned National Guard Officers, 22 MLR 2046 (Ga. SuperCt
       1994)
     * Police Lieutenant, 22 MLR 2129 (NJ SupCt 1994)
     * President of State Troopers' association, 22 MLR (NY SupCt AppDiv.
       1993)
   NOT PUBLIC OFFICIALS:
   High School Principal, 20 MLR 2095 (GA.)
   Deputy Public Defender, 21 MLR 1624 (CA)
   Street & Traffic Supervisor, LeDoux v. Northstar Pub., 521 N.W. 2d
   (Mn. 1994) LIMITED PUBLIC FIGURES:
     * Charity seeking donations and organizer, 21 MLR 1449 (4th Cir.)
     * Attorney in private practice representing several school
       districts, 20 MLR 1992 (NJ)
     * Physician who sought media attention for practice and technique,
       20 MLR 1613 (NY)
     * Star Witness in Jim Garrison case who "sought limelight", 20 MLR
       2113 (La.)
     * Lawn Mower Repair Co., 22 MLR 1461 (NJ SuperCt. AppDiv. 1994)*
     * Police Officer/Subject of Book, 22 MLR 1385 (5th Cir. 1994)*
     * Paycologists/authors, 22 MLR 1852 (7th Cir. 1994)
     * Convicted Murderer, 22 MLR 2239 (DC Sind. 1994)*
     * Actress/Model, 22 MLR 2147 (DC E Wis. 1994) *
     * Appointed tax collector who never took office, 22 MLR 2157 (Ariz
       SuperCt 1994)
     * Brother who "voluntarily thrust himself" into controversy
       surrounding his brothers arrest, 22 MLR 1434 (Ca Ct App 1994)
   *Note: It is not clear that these individuals would be limited public
   figures in Oregon.
   NOT PUBLIC FIGURES:
     * Host of a loud party, 21 MLR 1378 (Pa.)
     * Woman at home where MLK had dinner night before shot who was
       alledged to have had extramarital affair with King, 21 MLR 1353
       (S.D.N.Y)
     * Person accused of of sexual misconduct, 22 MLR 2353 (4th Cir.
       1994)
   Return to J385 Home page

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:13:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: libel.html 
[IMAGE]
   [IMAGE]
Libel and Slander
   "Libel" involves the publishing of a falsehood that harms someone.
   Slander is the same doctrine applied to the spoken word. Collectively,
   they are referred to as "defamation". Both are a matter of state laws,
   which usually (not always) require that the falsehood be intentional.
   In New York Times v. Sullivan, the Supreme Court held that the First
   Amendment requires that, before a public official can recover damages
   for a defamatory statement, he must prove it was made with "actual
   malice", even if state laws otherwise allow recovery for negligent
   defamation. The Court has since expanded this to cover not only public
   officials but "public figures", including individuals who involve
   themselves in controversies.

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:15:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: libelfrm.htm 
LIBEL CHECKLIST
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
Look for material that identifies a person or an entity.
     Keep in mind that it is possible to identify people or entities
     without actually using a name. If the material contains identifiable
     voices, likenesses, or descriptions, it could be a problem.
   ___ The material identifies a person or entity.
STOP HERE if the material does not identify a person or entity.
   You can't have a libel without someone to complain about it!
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
Is any identified person dead?
     There is little reason to be concerned with statements or other
     material reflecting badly on dead persons because the law only
     protects "the memory of the dead," giving no cause of action to
     decedents. So long as the material concerns only the dead person,
     you need not answer the rest of the questions on this form.
   ___The person identified is dead.
STOP HERE if the person identified is dead.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
If material identifies a living person, is it:
   A private individual.
   ___A public person.
   ___A political person.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
Would the material negatively influence a reasonable reader's opinion of the
person or entity identified?
   ___a.
          It would reflect badly on the character of the person or
          entity.
   ___b.
          It could harm the reputation, diminish the esteem, respect or
          good will in which the person or entity's relevant community
          holds him, her or it.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
If the material might reflect badly on character and/or harm reputation, would
the harm be the result of:
   ___An explicit statement.
   ___An insinuation.
   ___A sarcastic statement.
   ___A parody or cartoon.
   ___An opinion that implies that there are unstated defamatory facts
   underlying it.
   ___Other.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
There are several possible defenses to a claim of defamation, although none may
apply in a particular case. Check one of the following defenses only if you are
fairly certain it would apply.
   ___The statement or other material is true.
   ___The statement or other material is purely an expression of opinion
   and not an assertion of fact.
   ___The statement or other material constitutes a fair comment on a
   matter of public opinion, for example, the use of public money,
   disbarment of attorneys, management of public institutions and
   charities, management of private companies whose activities widely
   affect the public (pollution, delivery of medical services, common
   carriage, employment practices, discrimination, etc.) or the review of
   books, public entertainment, sports events or scientific discoveries.
   ___No one could reasonably interpret the statement or image to be an
   assertion of actual fact about the person or entity.
   ___The statement or image can be characterized as mere words of abuse,
   indicating dislike for the person or entity, but does not suggest any
   specific charge.
   ___The subject of the statement or image has given consent to or
   approved the material.
   _________________ __________
     _________________________________________________________________
   University Liability for the Wrongful Acts of Employee Publishers |
   Copyright Management Center Homepage | Intellectual Property Section
   Homepage
     _________________________________________________________________
    8 August 1995
   University of Texas System Office of General Counsel
    Comments to gharper at utsystem.edu
     _________________________________________________________________

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:16:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 1a_c7p6.html 
[IMAGE]
  Chapter VII: Libel
   Fault
     _________________________________________________________________
   The Supreme Court has recognized different standards for different
   types of libel plaintiffs, with public officials and public figures
   required to show a high degree of fault.
   Celebrities and others with power in a community are usually
   considered public figures. Politicians and high-ranking government
   personnel are public officials.
   Courts generally consider public officials to include public employees
   who have substantial responsibility for or control over the conduct of
   governmental affairs. Some courts have found that public school
   teachers and police officers are public officials.
   But determining if other people are private or public figures is not
   always easy. In some instances, there may be overlapping in the
   private and public category. For example, a businessperson who has
   high visibility because of fundraising efforts in a community may or
   may not be a public figure for all purposes.
   A plaintiff who is considered a public figure or official must prove
   that the publisher or broadcaster acted with "actual malice" in
   reporting derogatory information. "Actual malice" does not mean ill
   will or intent to harm. Instead, the term applies to whether the
   defendant knew that the challenged statements were false or acted with
   reckless disregard of the truth.
   Courts may examine reporting procedures in testing for actual malice.
   While carelessness is not usually considered reckless disregard,
   ignoring obvious ways of substantiating allegations could be
   considered reckless.
   In Harte-Hanks Communications, Inc. v. Connaughton, the Supreme Court
   held that even an extreme deviation from professional standards, or
   the publication of a story to increase circulation, do not in
   themselves prove actual malice. The Court also said that while failure
   to investigate facts does not necessarily prove actual malice, a
   "purposeful avoidance of the truth" may.
   Use of quotations that are not literally accurate will not necessarily
   be considered proof of actual malice as long as the altered quotes do
   not materially change the meaning of the words the speaker used. In
   Masson v. The New Yorker Magazine, the Supreme Court acknowledged
   that some editing of quotations is often necessary, but refused to
   extend protection to all edits that are at least a "rational
   interpretation" of what the speaker said.
   If the plaintiff is a private litigant, he or she must at least prove
   that the publisher or broadcaster was negligent in failing to
   ascertain that the statement was false and defamatory. Some states may
   impose a higher burden on private-figure litigants, especially if the
   story in question concerns a matter of public importance.
     _________________________________________________________________
   [INLINE] Back to Table of Contents
   [INLINE] Jump to next section in this chapter

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:18:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: prof_960318.html 
LIBEL CONCERNS ARE A REALITY FOR SCIENTISTS WHO SPEAK OUT IN PUBLIC
   Author: Robert Finn (The Scientist, Vol:10,  p. 15, March 18, 1996)
   In today's increasingly litigious society, anyone can become the
   target of a lawsuit. A potential libel action, for example, should not
   only be the concern of publishers and journalists. The threat of a
   libel suit is now a reality for anyone, including scientists who
   choose to speak out publicly-or even write letters to the editor-on
   controversial issues.
   A libel suit can come without warning when an ordinary scientist is
   engaged in ordinary scientific activities. For example, Arnold S.
   Relman, editor emeritus of the New England Journal of Medicine, was
   quoted in a newspaper article criticizing the advertising practices of
   a for-profit hospital. Victor J. Stenger, a professor of physics at
   the University of Hawaii at Manoa, incorrectly described Israeli
   psychic Uri Geller's legal history in a book debunking paranormal
   phenomena. And Jan Moor-Jankowski, as editor of the Journal of Medical
   Primatology, merely printed a letter from an animal activist opposing
   a pharmaceutical company's experiments.
   Each of these scientists soon found himself faced with the dreaded
   prospect of defending himself in a libel suit. All three eventually
   prevailed in court, or the charges ended up being dropped. But
   defending themselves was a painful, distracting, and often expensive
   process. The lessons they learned are instructive to all scientists
   who write or make public statements.
   Arnol Relman
   CASE DISMISSED: "I think they knew they had no case," says Arnold
   Relman of the suit files against him by a for-profit cancer-treatment
   center. The First Amendment to the United States Constitution provides
   powerful-but not impregnable-protection to anyone who speaks on
   controversial topics. "Libel is a civil action, a tort action that you
   can bring against somebody claiming that a statement, either written
   or oral, is false and defamatory and caused you injury," explains
   Charles S. Sims, a noted libel attorney and partner at Proskauer Rose
   Goetz and Mendelsohn, a New York law firm. (This firm handles libel
   matters for The Scientist.)
   Sims notes that legal bills for a libel defense can quickly mount up.
   Even if the case is dismissed quickly, one can easily run up $20,000
   to $60,000 in costs, and if a case drags on, it can go into the
   millions. Libel insurance can cost publishers thousands of dollars per
   year, and is an additional factor in today's high cost of publishing.
   Victor Stenger
   ERRATUM SHEET INSERTED: Victor Stenger took measures to correct his
   text but was sued nonetheless. "If you are sued, you need to check
   with your employer or your institution or your professional
   group-anybody who might consider themselves morally bound to come to
   your aid," advises Sims. "And you also need to look at your home
   insurance policy. An astonishing number of home insurance policies
   have clauses which turn out to be usable to force an insurance company
   to pay for a defense."
Landmark Case
   The legal axiom goes, "Truth is an absolute defense against libel,"
   and indeed no true statement of fact can ever be libelous, and neither
   can statements of judgment or opinion, which are neither true nor
   false. Both these principles were put to the test in the landmark case
   that Immuno AG (a pharmaceutical company based in Austria) brought
   against Moor-Jankowski. The former editor of the Journal of Medical
   Primatology was then director of New York University's Laboratory for
   Experimental Medicine and Surgery in Primates. He has recently founded
   the Center for Academic Freedom, based in New York City.
   As chronicled in the book The Monkey Wars by Deborah Blum (Oxford
   University Press, 1994) and in interviews with Moor-Jankowski and his
   attorney Philip Byler (now at the New York firm Layton, Brooks and
   Hecht), it all started in January 1983, when Shirley McGreal wrote a
   letter to the Journal of Medical Primatology objecting to some
   experiments proposed by Immuno AG.
   McGreal is an animal activist and founder of the Charleston,
   S.C.-based International Primate Protection League. She learned that
   Immuno planned a study of non-A/non-B hepatitis in African
   chimpanzees, at a research station in Sierra Leone. Based on what she
   learned about the experiments, and the conclusions she drew from these
   facts, she had several objections. Among them were that the
   experimenters would be using wild-caught chimpanzees, whose numbers
   are dwindling; that they would release them after experimentally
   infecting them with hepatitis; and that the released chimps might
   transmit the disease to other animals.
   With McGreal's letter to the editor in hand, Moor-Jankowski tried to
   elicit a rebuttal from Immuno's research director. Instead, he soon
   received a letter from Immuno's lawyers asserting that McGreal's
   statements were inaccurate and reckless. It read, in part: "We would
   also like to advise you that our review of Dr. McGreal's letter
   indicated that it is not a fair comment regarding our client's
   activities, and should you proceed with publication, without giving us
   the opportunity for a meaningful response, we shall be compelled to
   take whatever actions we deem necessary to redress our client's
   rights."
   But though Moor-Jankowski waited until December 1983 before publishing
   McGreal's letter (S. McGreal, J. Med. Primatol., 12:280, 1983), Immuno
   never offered a substantive response to her charges. During that time
   Moor-Jankowski himself came to be critical of Immuno's planned
   experiments, and he was quoted to that effect in New Scientist (N.
   Heneson, 100:165, 1983).
   Immuno then brought suit against a number of institutions and
   individuals, including McGreal, Moor-Jankowski, the Journal of Medical
   Primatology, New Scientist, the distributors of both publications, and
   NYU. Although Immuno ultimately dropped plans for the experiments, it
   continued pursuing its libel cases. In response, almost all the
   defendants or their insurance companies chose to settle rather than
   fight.
   The exception was Moor-Jankowski. Born in Poland, he explains his
   decision to persist by saying, "As a very young boy I fought the
   Germans for freedom. I didn't want to stand up for muzzling."
   It cost him seven years and about $2 million in legal fees ($200,000
   of which Moor-Jankowski paid himself), and it generated an
   eight-volume legal record as the case cycled among the New York County
   Supreme Court, the New York State Court of Appeals, and the U.S.
   Supreme Court. In the end, Moor-Jankowski was vindicated. The Court of
   Appeals ruled that the letter was a combination of truthful factual
   statements and opinion, both of which are protected by the First
   Amendment. Jan Moor-Jankowski
   HE CHOSE TO FIGHT: Jan Moor-Jankowski did not settle his libel case
   out of court because "I didn't want to stand up for muzzling."
   "When you're talking about a letter to the editor, you're talking
   about what the Court of Appeals in New York correctly viewed as a
   forum to air grievances and views on the part of the public," says
   Philip Byler, Moor-Jankowski's attorney. "It's a precedent because
   it's a . . . decision which adhered to a broad constitutional
   protection of opinion."
   Byler maintains that the decision makes clear that "you do have a
   right to express views that are not orthodox. You do have a right to
   express viewpoints which over the course of time will be shown to be
   wrong-minded. A letter to the editor is a forum for opinion, and quite
   frankly people should feel the leeway to express themselves without
   the fear that sometime in the future, in the libel courtroom, where
   money damages are at stake, they will be shown to be wrong. That
   doesn't say that you have a right to make false, defamatory statements
   that are really hurtful to somebody."
   Byler's advice to authors of letters to the editor: Clearly separate
   factual statements from statements of opinion. "To the extent you are
   making a statement that's based on inference or speculation or
   conjecture, use words that indicate that." Byler believes that as
   editor of the journal, Moor-Jankowski more than fulfilled his
   obligations by deliberating a considerable time before publication,
   all the while soliciting a substantive response from the criticized
   party.
Public Figures
   For a statement to be libelous, the offended party must suffer actual
   damage, notes Sims. "It's got to be really harmful, not just something
   that offends somebody's sensibilities, but something that harms their
   reputation."
   This principle came into play in Cornell University astronomer Carl
   Sagan's suit against Apple Computer Inc. of Cupertino, Calif. Apple
   had been using "Carl Sagan" as its internal name for a new computer.
   Sagan got wind of this, and his lawyers sent Apple a letter
   instructing the company to cease and desist. In response, a project
   manager changed the computer's name to BHA, an acronym for Butt-Head
   Astronomer. Sagan sued Apple in the Central District of California
   for, among other things, libel, infliction of emotional distress, and
   improperly using his name.
   Judge Lourdes G. Baird dismissed the libel portion of the suit,
   holding that "one does not seriously attack the expertise of a
   scientist using the undefined phrase 'butt-head,' and that a reader
   aware of the context would understand the project manager was
   retaliating in a humorous and satirical way." Sagan, who declined to
   be interviewed for this article, later reached a settlement with Apple
   on the other aspects of the suit.
   But even when a statement is both false and harmful it still may not
   be libel, says Sims. "If it criticizes one particular event, in many
   states it's immune from prosecution under the single-instance rule. If
   you say that a doctor screwed up an operation, that's not libelous. If
   you say that he's a terrible surgeon, it might be. Similarly, if
   you're writing a review of a scientific article and say that scientist
   miscalculated the numbers... that's not going to be actionable. If you
   said, on the other hand, that somebody's research was fraudulent, it
   certainly would be."
   For individuals judged to be public figures, a statement must not only
   be false but also must be made with malice or with "reckless disregard
   for the truth." Explains Sims: "All 'reckless disregard' means is that
   you actually,subjectively entertained doubts and went ahead and
   published anyway. If you believe what you are saying, as a matter of
   law you cannot-if the jury or the judge believes you-lose a libel
   case."
   This would likely have been a factor had Uri Geller's suit against
   Victor Stenger not been dismissed before it ever got to trial. In his
   book Physics and Psychics: The Search for a World Beyond the Sensesm
   (Buffalo, N.Y., Prometheus Books, 1990), Stenger stated of Geller that
   "... he was once arrested for claiming his feats were performed with
   psychic power." In fact, Stenger had drawn an incorrect conclusion
   from some of his research material. The accounts Stenger relied upon
   mentioned that Geller had been "brought to court," but it had been in
   a civil case, and he had never been arrested.
   Once Stenger realized his error, he and his publisher voluntarily
   inserted an erratum sheet and changed the wording in later printings
   of the book. Nevertheless, Geller sued Stenger for libel in Florida,
   London, and Hawaii.
   Stenger is convinced that despite his error he would have prevailed
   had the case come to trial. "You can say something that is incorrect
   if at the time it was to the best of your knowledge correct," he
   explains. "That never came up, because as often happens in legal
   cases, you get out on technicalities before the merits are really
   discussed."
   Geller's Florida and Hawaii cases were dismissed because he brought
   them after those states' statutes of limitations had expired. And his
   case against Stenger in London was dropped as part of a global
   settlement of several related cases between Geller and the Amherst,
   N.Y.-based Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the
   Paranormal.
New Sources Of Trouble
   Typically, libel law says that only a corporation or a living person
   can be disparaged. But in 12 states (Alabama, Arizona, Colorado,
   Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, Ohio, South Carolina,
   South Dakota, and Texas) it has recently become possible to libel a
   fruit or vegetable. Farmers in those states can now sue those who make
   false claims about agricultural products.
   These "agricultural disparagement" laws were apparently inspired by a
   1989 report from the New York City-based Natural Resources Defense
   Council (NRDC) linking the apple additive Alar to cancer. Growers
   turned to state legislators in an effort to fend off criticism by NRDC
   and other watchdog organizations. Lawrie Mott, senior scientist at
   NRDC's San Francisco office, calls them "veggie hate-crimes laws," and
   says of the states that have passed them, "They're attempting to
   silence those people who have raised questions about the food supply.
   "It's not clear that these laws are constitutional," Mott continues.
   "If it's based on 'reliable scientific fact,' it's not considered
   disparagement under the law. That's a very vague term, and one that's
   primed for litigation. But the ultimate advice I would have [for
   scientists] is: If what you say is accurate, stick to your guns. If
   you have scientific concerns about the safety of the food supply,
   don't be silenced by people with obvious interests in keeping it
   quiet."
   Lawrie Mott
   LETTUCE LIBELED? Lawrie Mott describes the "agricultural
   disparagement" laws as "veggie hate-crimes laws". Additionally, new
   modes of scientific communication-E-mail, Usenet newsgroups, and the
   World Wide Web-have become further sources of libel-related worries.
   As Dan L. Burk, an assistant professor at Seton Hall University's
 "For the first time in history, global computer
   networks have in essence made everyone a publisher-with a few
   keystrokes, ordinary citizens can make their opinions known to
   thousands of others... This is an exciting development for individual
   freedom of expression, but there is a dark side to this unprecedented
   opportunity: Such computer-mediated communication may also expose
   ordinary citizens to liability on an unprecedented scale" (D.L. Burk,
   The Scientist, April 3, 1995, page 12).
   One thing is certain: Legal liability issues in electronic
   communication are in a highly unsettled state. For example, there is
   no agreement on the critical issue of whether service providers such
   as CompuServe and America Online should be thought of as publishers,
   and hence at least partially responsible for the content of their
   service, or "common carriers" and thus no more responsible than is the
   phone company for conversations over its wires.
   Another recently developed legal scheme for silencing criticism of
   corporate practices has come to be called the "SLAPP suit." SLAPP
   stands for Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation. The law
   has long allowed just about anyone to sue anyone else for anything,
   and a SLAPP suit often takes the form of an unwinnable libel suit that
   is intended to harass and deplete the resources of critics.
   Arnold Relman, a longtime critic of what he calls the
   "medical-industrial complex," found himself the target of a what he
   considered a harassing libel suit after a reporter for the Dallas
   Morning News asked for his comment on some newspaper and radio ads
   placed by a for-profit cancer-treatment center, the Zion, Ill.-based
   Cancer Treatment Centers of America. (This is not technically a SLAPP
   suit because Relman's statement was quoted in a newspaper account and
   not made in the course of a public proceeding.) According to Relman,
   the ads implied that the center was able to help people with advanced
   cancer who had failed to respond to conventional medical treatments.
   "I said [to the reporter] I didn't know anything about the company,
   hadn't heard of it before, but on the face of what he read me those
   ads were misleading and they were unethical. . . . I said that . . .
   it was unfortunate that they would hold out this kind of hope to
   people with advanced metastatic cancer," recalls Relman.
   The center sued Relman and several other physicians quoted in the
   article (J. Weiss, Dallas Morning News, June 21, 1992, page 1A). A
   Texas court issued a subpoena to Relman requiring that he give a
   deposition at a lawyer's offices in Boston. But Relman's lawyers
   successfully argued that the Texas court had no jurisdiction in
   Massachusetts, and the case was ultimately dropped.
   "I think they knew they had no case," comments Relman. "I was
   expressing an opinion, and what I said as an opinion was true. I
   didn't say it with malicious intention. I didn't even know the
   company. I had nothing personal against them. I was just talking on a
   matter of public policy and medical ethics.
   "It seems to me that honest and well-intentioned scientific disputes
   ought to be off limits to litigation," continues Relman. "Many
   scientific advances are made by the resolution of disputes, the
   correction of well-intentioned or honest error by better data, new
   information... It ought to be possible for scientists to express
   honest disagreements, to make honest mistakes... without involving
   them in litigation.... I think it would be a terrible damage to the
   scientific process if lawyers began to get involved in scientific
   debates."
   Robert Finn, a freelance science writer based in Long Beach, Calif.,
   is online at finn at nasw.org.
   [home] [top] [search] [previous] [next]      _________________________________________________________________
          (The Scientist, Vol:10,  pg.15-16 , March 18, 1996)
          (Copyright ) The Scientist, Inc.)
   WE WELCOME YOUR OPINION. IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO COMMENT ON THIS STORY,
          PLEASE WRITE TO US AT EITHER ONE OF THE FOLLOWING ADDRESSES:
   71764.2561 at compuserve.com
          or
   The Scientist, 3600 Market Street, Suite 450, Philadelphia, PA 19104,
          U.S.A.

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:56:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fantasy quotes & libel 
After review of the material I forwarded by request it is clear that
'fantasy' quotes are libel provided:
  * the person being quoted is not a public figure. On a 'private'
    mailing list like the cypherpunks this is a given unless similar
    statements can be found in the public records.
  * the section added to the original quote is not clearly seperated
    or otherwise dilineated such that a reader will be able to tell
    what the original quote was and the extrapolation by the 'editor'
    is.
  * there is clear intent to effect the perception of the original
    authors reputation in a negative or otherwise harmful manner.
  * the 'fantasy' quote is not clearly marked as the opinion of the
    editor.
While quoting persons with editing is allowed under the 1st Amendment as
understood by the courts the attributation of extrapolations by a third
party (meaning a party other than the original author and the reader) as
'true' quotes of the original author is not.
'Truth' is usually ascribed as protection against libel, however, opinions
are not 'true', they are opinions not facts as accepted by a court.
With the current 'editorial control' as provided by the cypherpunks mailing
list the mailing list operator/censor may also be held in some situations
accountable as well. This occurs because the relationship between list
operator and the quoter is similar to that of editor and reporter in a
newspaper. For the quoter to get his quote distributed the list operator
must ok it. The reasoning used is that the editor 'should have known' the
boundaries and applied them.
Not only is ignorance not an excuse but neither is negligence.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 23:09:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks Feb. Meeting 
The Austin Cypherpunks (austin-cpunks at ssz.com) will be holding their next
physical meeting on Saturday, February 18, 1997 at 6pm. It will be held at
the Central Market HEB Restaurant, look for the red covered 'Applied
Cryptography' book.
In addition to the local cpunks the Experimental Science Instrumentation
and Advanced Computer Experimentation groups have been invited.
The meeting is open to all.
If you have any questions or need further directions please send email to
the Austin Cypherpunks.
Hope to see you there.

@_date: 1997-01-27 06:26:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks Feb. Meeting 
The Austin Cypherpunks (austin-cpunks at ssz.com) will be holding their next
physical meeting on Saturday, February 18, 1997 at 6pm. It will be held at
the Central Market HEB Restaurant, look for the red covered 'Applied
Cryptography' book.
In addition to the local cpunks the Experimental Science Instrumentation
and Advanced Computer Experimentation groups have been invited.
The meeting is open to all.
If you have any questions or need further directions please send email to
the Austin Cypherpunks.
Hope to see you there.

@_date: 1997-01-27 17:22:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: public_law_other_650.html 
[ISMAP]  [INLINE]
   Libel and Slander
   Tape      _________________________________________________________________
   On this tape I will discuss libel and slander. It is for your general
   information only. It is not legal advice. It will give a general
   outline of the law on the subject as it applies in Ontario. If you
   have a legal problem, you should talk to a lawyer.
   We all have the right to have our reputation protected against false
   statements made against us. This protection is given to us by the law
   of defamation. On this tape I'll talk about defamation in both its
   forms - libel and slander. Libel can be a crime, but this section of
   the Criminal Code is rarely used, so I'll talk about libel and slander
   only in their civil context - the person defamed suing the defamer;
   asking for money as compensation for the injury to his reputation.
   Generally speaking, a defamatory statement is one which tends to lower
   a person in the estimation of right-thinking members of society. For
   example, if someone calls you a cheat in your business dealings, you
   probably have a lawsuit against him. That is, you do if he says it to
   someone other than you. It's not enough that the statement be made to
   the person it's about. It has to be communicated to another.
   What's the difference between libel and slander? Broadly speaking, if
   the defamatory statement is made in some permanent form, such as a
   newspaper or a letter, then it's libel. If it's in a transitory form,
   such as a hand gesture or the spoken word, then it's slander. But a
   defamatory statement that's broadcast on radio or television will be
   libel, not slander, even though it's spoken and not written.
   In the past, there was a good reason to know the difference between
   libel and slander. Today, if you can prove that you have been
   libelled, and there is no good defence, then the law will presume you
   have suffered damages and will fix an amount as compensation for your
   loss of reputation. In other words, you do not have to prove damages
   for actual financial loss.
   For many years, in cases of slander, you had to prove actual financial
   loss before you would be awarded damages under the law. In part, this
   was because slanderous statements were not considered permanent and
   therefore would not have as great an impact as libellous words,
   gestures or portrayals.
   Today, under the Ontario Libel and Slander Act, the requirement to
   prove damages in slander cases has been removed in certain situations.
   Mainly, these include cases where words are chosen to call into
   question the reputation of a person in relation to that persons
   office, profession, calling, trade or business. Therefore, if you
   could prove that Bill told John you were a cheat and then John refused
   to enter into a contract with you because of the statement, you would
   be compensated for the loss of contract and reputation. You would have
   to prove it was Bill's intention to attack your business reputation,
   but otherwise, damages would be awarded outright.
   Unfortunately, the Ontario Libel and Slander Act does not remove
   completely the requirement to prove damage, in all slander cases.
   Therefore, it is important to discuss your case with a lawyer to
   determine how yours would be treated under the law.
   We said earlier that the law protects a person's reputation. But
   obviously this protection can have the effect of restricting other
   rights, such as free speech. So the law tries to balance these
   competing interests. In certain circumstances, even though a
   defamatory statement may have been made and a person may have suffered
   injury to reputation, other interests are considered more important.
   In those cases, the law provides certain defences that can protect a
   defamer from liability.
   The most common defences are: truth (known in law as "justification");
   absolute privilege; qualified privilege; and fair comment.
   The first is the easiest. A statement might well lower your
   reputation, but if it is the truth then anyone is free to say it.
   Additionally, if you consent to the statement being made, you cannot
   later argue you have been defamed.
   The second defence - that of absolute privilege - covers statements
   given in evidence at a trial, or made in Parliament, to give the two
   prime examples. And it extends to the fair and accurate reporting of
   those statements - the newspaper report of a trial, for instance. Our
   systems of justice and parliamentary democracy demand that in those
   situations participants must be free to speak candidly, without having
   to worry about risking a lawsuit for defamation.
   The defence of qualified privilege covers other situations. For
   instance - say a former employee of yours has given your name as a
   reference, so you get a call from someone who wants to hire him. He
   asks your opinion. You say: "Well, frankly, I always suspected he was
   stealing from me." That's an occasion of qualified privilege . You had
   a moral duty to give your honest opinion and the caller had a
   legitimate interest in hearing it. As long as you acted in good faith
   and said what you honestly believed you would have a valid defence to
   an action for defamation.
   Finally, there's the defence of fair comment. We are all free to
   comment freely - even harshly - on matters of legitimate public
   interest as long as our comments are made honestly, not maliciously,
   and are based on true facts. For example, say a columnist writes that
   an MP secretly holds shares in a company which has just got a large
   government contract. Then he comments that the MP is deceitful and
   should resign his seat. Well, if in fact the MP owns no shares in the
   company, then the columnist may be open to a lawsuit. But if the facts
   are true, that is the MP does own the shares, and the columnist
   honestly believes bases on those facts that the MP is deceitful and
   should resign, then he will have the defence of fair comment.
   If you intend to sue for a libel in a newspaper or a broadcast you
   must give notice to all those you intend to sue within six weeks of
   learning of the publication or broadcast, and you must specify in your
   notice the nature of your complaint, with specific reference to the
   actual words of which you complained. As well, you must commence your
   action within three months of learning of the publication or the
   broadcast. Failure to conform with either of these two steps will
   deprive you of any right to sue.
   In cases not involving newspapers or broadcasts, you must commence
   your action against the defaming party within 2 years of the words
   being spoken or written.
   Finally, there's the matter of apology. When a libel has been
   published in a newspaper or other periodical, or in a radio or
   television broadcast, the publisher or broadcaster can limit the
   amount of the damages the broadcaster may end up paying by publishing
   or broadcasting a full apology at the earliest opportunity. Not only
   newspapers and broadcasters can limit their damages by offering an
   apology before the action begins. Any defaming party can offer an
   apology in the hopes of having their damages reduced.
   The law of defamation protects your right to your good name. If a
   person makes a false statement to another to your discredit you can
   sue for damages. But because of other competing rights in our society,
   such as free speech and fair comment, there are cases where even the
   most defamatory statement will not give rise to an award of damages.
   If you think you have been defamed, you should talk to a lawyer.
   Home   Search   Feedback   What's New   Copyright & Disclaimer   About
   This Site

@_date: 1997-01-27 18:51:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy 
I have received several private emails inquiring into what possible crypto
relevance the recent exchange over libel/slander and the law. It is clear
that even in democratic countries like Canada (not know as a freedom of
speech protectorate) slander/libel is covered under criminal codes. While
it is true that currently these statutes are not heavily used, if at all,
this will change as businesses and special interest groups move even further
onto electronic networks. Consider the zealous use of the law by the CoS.
Ask Julf if the ramifications are not 'real world'.
Consider a trial where a person is purported to have altered a transmission
by some party. It is not in the juries best interest to rule in the favor of
anyone other than the person claiming the damage. Why you might ask? Simply
because they are going to see themselves in that same situation and will
want to know that they are protected both in spirit as well as actuality.
What company will want to use an environment where their contracts and other
exchanges can not only be viewed by unknown third parties but are subject to
a man in the middle attack, potentialy ruining a company. Consider the
ramifications in a political venue. Now some will quickly point out that
they can encrypt the entire document, hardly suitable for web pages and
other forms of advertisment. I predict that within the next five years these
slander/libel laws will be used by some organization to prosecute defamation
of their Internet presence (eg web page graffitti). Within 10 years this
area will be one of the hotest areas of the new communications law.
Now some have held that list operators and such will be protected, most
probably not in reality. Consider, we live in a time where a person can get
drunk and kill somebody with their automobile and the bar or store they
bought the drink(s) from can be charged. There is a current trend in the
legal industry to find the person that is easiest to prosecute in the chain
of events and it has nothing to do with personal responsibility or other
quaint but possibly naive views.
I want to thank Toto for acting as the unknowing and unwilling dupe in my
taking advantage of his emotional outburst and its results, it wasn't
personal I was simply trying to create a suitable environment to make
my point. It was a happenstance occurance I could not resist taking
advantage of. It is clear that here we have a lawyer in Canada who is not
even aware that there is a little used criminal statute in the country he
practices in which could be used by citizens sufficiently motivated and
having suitable quantities of cash at hand to pursue the matter. This is
not a unique occurance by any means, consider the outburst from some list
members, supposed legal experts, over some of the references that I
forwarded (not what I would call a consistent understanding of the law by
any stretch of the imagination). The reality is that the legal industry
(after all the main motivation for the legal profession is money) has a
serious lacking in trained individuals. This should be a warning sign to
everyone in any society which has hopes of embracing communications technology. Lawyers don't make law, they survive by taking their views of
the law and convincing juries of from 6 to 12 (YMMV) persons that this is
the way to protect 'society' and its best interests. If they don't
understand the technology (eg forwarding private email to publicly
accessible lists by accident) how in the world are they going to understand
what is best, let along convince anyone else? Is this the kind of
self-interest you want to trust your criminal communications case, let alone
your liberty, to?
It has been proposed by at least one party that a district attorney or other
public prosecutor would not act on such events. This is also naive. The
ramifications for their political opponents to use this 'insensitive and
clearly self-interested' refusal to act as a perfect example of how that
prosecutor is interested in their own political career and not in the
interest of the people they are charged with protecting as well as a good
demonstration of their technological ignorance. It would be very difficult
to get re-elected in such an environment.
Now the crypto relevancy, one of the methods to help reduce if not
completely abort such attempts is digital signatures. Recently a couple of
co-workers for Tivoli-IBM went to the Usenix conference and while there did
some key signings. However, after discussion upon their return it was clear
that having had their keys signed and signing others there was no clearly
useful way to apply those keys in commen communications. Last year the
Austin Cypherpunks did a short term experiment with a system
(kourier.ssz.com) which was involved in encrypted file systems, encrypted
transfers, traffic analysis, and heterogenous key-ring management. This also
made it clear that the legal ramifications, economic issues (eg who pays) as
well as the technical hurdles have not been studied sufficiently to call this
technology mature.
All that I ask is that instead of jumping the gun and saying 'it ain't so'
you simply consider the ramifications from 'their' perspective. It truly is
amazing what one can learn by walking a mile in another mans shoes. For if
there is one truth to be learned it is that this discussion is not about how
it is, but rather how it will be and how it should be.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:32:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy 
I have received several private emails inquiring into what possible crypto
relevance the recent exchange over libel/slander and the law. It is clear
that even in democratic countries like Canada (not know as a freedom of
speech protectorate) slander/libel is covered under criminal codes. While
it is true that currently these statutes are not heavily used, if at all,
this will change as businesses and special interest groups move even further
onto electronic networks. Consider the zealous use of the law by the CoS.
Ask Julf if the ramifications are not 'real world'.
Consider a trial where a person is purported to have altered a transmission
by some party. It is not in the juries best interest to rule in the favor of
anyone other than the person claiming the damage. Why you might ask? Simply
because they are going to see themselves in that same situation and will
want to know that they are protected both in spirit as well as actuality.
What company will want to use an environment where their contracts and other
exchanges can not only be viewed by unknown third parties but are subject to
a man in the middle attack, potentialy ruining a company. Consider the
ramifications in a political venue. Now some will quickly point out that
they can encrypt the entire document, hardly suitable for web pages and
other forms of advertisment. I predict that within the next five years these
slander/libel laws will be used by some organization to prosecute defamation
of their Internet presence (eg web page graffitti). Within 10 years this
area will be one of the hotest areas of the new communications law.
Now some have held that list operators and such will be protected, most
probably not in reality. Consider, we live in a time where a person can get
drunk and kill somebody with their automobile and the bar or store they
bought the drink(s) from can be charged. There is a current trend in the
legal industry to find the person that is easiest to prosecute in the chain
of events and it has nothing to do with personal responsibility or other
quaint but possibly naive views.
I want to thank Toto for acting as the unknowing and unwilling dupe in my
taking advantage of his emotional outburst and its results, it wasn't
personal I was simply trying to create a suitable environment to make
my point. It was a happenstance occurance I could not resist taking
advantage of. It is clear that here we have a lawyer in Canada who is not
even aware that there is a little used criminal statute in the country he
practices in which could be used by citizens sufficiently motivated and
having suitable quantities of cash at hand to pursue the matter. This is
not a unique occurance by any means, consider the outburst from some list
members, supposed legal experts, over some of the references that I
forwarded (not what I would call a consistent understanding of the law by
any stretch of the imagination). The reality is that the legal industry
(after all the main motivation for the legal profession is money) has a
serious lacking in trained individuals. This should be a warning sign to
everyone in any society which has hopes of embracing communications technology. Lawyers don't make law, they survive by taking their views of
the law and convincing juries of from 6 to 12 (YMMV) persons that this is
the way to protect 'society' and its best interests. If they don't
understand the technology (eg forwarding private email to publicly
accessible lists by accident) how in the world are they going to understand
what is best, let along convince anyone else? Is this the kind of
self-interest you want to trust your criminal communications case, let alone
your liberty, to?
It has been proposed by at least one party that a district attorney or other
public prosecutor would not act on such events. This is also naive. The
ramifications for their political opponents to use this 'insensitive and
clearly self-interested' refusal to act as a perfect example of how that
prosecutor is interested in their own political career and not in the
interest of the people they are charged with protecting as well as a good
demonstration of their technological ignorance. It would be very difficult
to get re-elected in such an environment.
Now the crypto relevancy, one of the methods to help reduce if not
completely abort such attempts is digital signatures. Recently a couple of
co-workers for Tivoli-IBM went to the Usenix conference and while there did
some key signings. However, after discussion upon their return it was clear
that having had their keys signed and signing others there was no clearly
useful way to apply those keys in commen communications. Last year the
Austin Cypherpunks did a short term experiment with a system
(kourier.ssz.com) which was involved in encrypted file systems, encrypted
transfers, traffic analysis, and heterogenous key-ring management. This also
made it clear that the legal ramifications, economic issues (eg who pays) as
well as the technical hurdles have not been studied sufficiently to call this
technology mature.
All that I ask is that instead of jumping the gun and saying 'it ain't so'
you simply consider the ramifications from 'their' perspective. It truly is
amazing what one can learn by walking a mile in another mans shoes. For if
there is one truth to be learned it is that this discussion is not about how
it is, but rather how it will be and how it should be.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:32:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: public_law_other_650.html 
[ISMAP]  [INLINE]
   Libel and Slander
   Tape      _________________________________________________________________
   On this tape I will discuss libel and slander. It is for your general
   information only. It is not legal advice. It will give a general
   outline of the law on the subject as it applies in Ontario. If you
   have a legal problem, you should talk to a lawyer.
   We all have the right to have our reputation protected against false
   statements made against us. This protection is given to us by the law
   of defamation. On this tape I'll talk about defamation in both its
   forms - libel and slander. Libel can be a crime, but this section of
   the Criminal Code is rarely used, so I'll talk about libel and slander
   only in their civil context - the person defamed suing the defamer;
   asking for money as compensation for the injury to his reputation.
   Generally speaking, a defamatory statement is one which tends to lower
   a person in the estimation of right-thinking members of society. For
   example, if someone calls you a cheat in your business dealings, you
   probably have a lawsuit against him. That is, you do if he says it to
   someone other than you. It's not enough that the statement be made to
   the person it's about. It has to be communicated to another.
   What's the difference between libel and slander? Broadly speaking, if
   the defamatory statement is made in some permanent form, such as a
   newspaper or a letter, then it's libel. If it's in a transitory form,
   such as a hand gesture or the spoken word, then it's slander. But a
   defamatory statement that's broadcast on radio or television will be
   libel, not slander, even though it's spoken and not written.
   In the past, there was a good reason to know the difference between
   libel and slander. Today, if you can prove that you have been
   libelled, and there is no good defence, then the law will presume you
   have suffered damages and will fix an amount as compensation for your
   loss of reputation. In other words, you do not have to prove damages
   for actual financial loss.
   For many years, in cases of slander, you had to prove actual financial
   loss before you would be awarded damages under the law. In part, this
   was because slanderous statements were not considered permanent and
   therefore would not have as great an impact as libellous words,
   gestures or portrayals.
   Today, under the Ontario Libel and Slander Act, the requirement to
   prove damages in slander cases has been removed in certain situations.
   Mainly, these include cases where words are chosen to call into
   question the reputation of a person in relation to that persons
   office, profession, calling, trade or business. Therefore, if you
   could prove that Bill told John you were a cheat and then John refused
   to enter into a contract with you because of the statement, you would
   be compensated for the loss of contract and reputation. You would have
   to prove it was Bill's intention to attack your business reputation,
   but otherwise, damages would be awarded outright.
   Unfortunately, the Ontario Libel and Slander Act does not remove
   completely the requirement to prove damage, in all slander cases.
   Therefore, it is important to discuss your case with a lawyer to
   determine how yours would be treated under the law.
   We said earlier that the law protects a person's reputation. But
   obviously this protection can have the effect of restricting other
   rights, such as free speech. So the law tries to balance these
   competing interests. In certain circumstances, even though a
   defamatory statement may have been made and a person may have suffered
   injury to reputation, other interests are considered more important.
   In those cases, the law provides certain defences that can protect a
   defamer from liability.
   The most common defences are: truth (known in law as "justification");
   absolute privilege; qualified privilege; and fair comment.
   The first is the easiest. A statement might well lower your
   reputation, but if it is the truth then anyone is free to say it.
   Additionally, if you consent to the statement being made, you cannot
   later argue you have been defamed.
   The second defence - that of absolute privilege - covers statements
   given in evidence at a trial, or made in Parliament, to give the two
   prime examples. And it extends to the fair and accurate reporting of
   those statements - the newspaper report of a trial, for instance. Our
   systems of justice and parliamentary democracy demand that in those
   situations participants must be free to speak candidly, without having
   to worry about risking a lawsuit for defamation.
   The defence of qualified privilege covers other situations. For
   instance - say a former employee of yours has given your name as a
   reference, so you get a call from someone who wants to hire him. He
   asks your opinion. You say: "Well, frankly, I always suspected he was
   stealing from me." That's an occasion of qualified privilege . You had
   a moral duty to give your honest opinion and the caller had a
   legitimate interest in hearing it. As long as you acted in good faith
   and said what you honestly believed you would have a valid defence to
   an action for defamation.
   Finally, there's the defence of fair comment. We are all free to
   comment freely - even harshly - on matters of legitimate public
   interest as long as our comments are made honestly, not maliciously,
   and are based on true facts. For example, say a columnist writes that
   an MP secretly holds shares in a company which has just got a large
   government contract. Then he comments that the MP is deceitful and
   should resign his seat. Well, if in fact the MP owns no shares in the
   company, then the columnist may be open to a lawsuit. But if the facts
   are true, that is the MP does own the shares, and the columnist
   honestly believes bases on those facts that the MP is deceitful and
   should resign, then he will have the defence of fair comment.
   If you intend to sue for a libel in a newspaper or a broadcast you
   must give notice to all those you intend to sue within six weeks of
   learning of the publication or broadcast, and you must specify in your
   notice the nature of your complaint, with specific reference to the
   actual words of which you complained. As well, you must commence your
   action within three months of learning of the publication or the
   broadcast. Failure to conform with either of these two steps will
   deprive you of any right to sue.
   In cases not involving newspapers or broadcasts, you must commence
   your action against the defaming party within 2 years of the words
   being spoken or written.
   Finally, there's the matter of apology. When a libel has been
   published in a newspaper or other periodical, or in a radio or
   television broadcast, the publisher or broadcaster can limit the
   amount of the damages the broadcaster may end up paying by publishing
   or broadcasting a full apology at the earliest opportunity. Not only
   newspapers and broadcasters can limit their damages by offering an
   apology before the action begins. Any defaming party can offer an
   apology in the hopes of having their damages reduced.
   The law of defamation protects your right to your good name. If a
   person makes a false statement to another to your discredit you can
   sue for damages. But because of other competing rights in our society,
   such as free speech and fair comment, there are cases where even the
   most defamatory statement will not give rise to an award of damages.
   If you think you have been defamed, you should talk to a lawyer.
   Home   Search   Feedback   What's New   Copyright & Disclaimer   About
   This Site

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:10:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Exactly! By jove you got it! By demanding your liberty but demanding
that 'we' go to Singapore or anywhere else and treat them as chattels
we have clearly instituted a double-standard. Most parties in this
discussion still haven't made that distinction.
All we have done is replace their current tyrant with a new one, mainly Exactly. And by applying pressure on Singapore we only help them keep
that tyrany in place. The quickest way I know to make a social institution
band together is self-preservation from an outside threat, real or
ALL social orders are corrupt. The 3 laws of thermodynamics apply to
everything including social institutions.
1. You can't get ahead
2. You can't break even
3. You can't quit the game
                  Heinz Pagels (RIP)
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:10:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Thank you for agreeing with my thesis that the legal industry is one
driven by monetary gain and not justice. It is the one major problem
with law today, it ignores those who are not 'worth it'. Justice is
supposed to be blind and until that happens there can be no true
liberty. Law should be involved in rights and wrongs and not 'how much
money do I need to buy that villa in Spain'.
There is also the aspect of 'reputation' of the organization which was
defamed. This will become even more critical to good business over the
Internet in the future than it is now. Now the only really important
'reputation' that one has to worry about is their credit report. Since
it is very unlikely that such records will be made public in the future
they won't be available so some other 'reputation' verification process
will be required for parties interested in doing business with other
parties they have no information on other than an email address or a
webpage. This problem became very clear during the Austin Cypherpunks
remailer project last year. The goal was to create a economicaly viable
keyserver. The problem rapidly became one of trust and reputation and
there was and still is no clear cut methodology for dealing with these
concepts, let alone actualy trying to quantify them. Another aspect of this
that keeps coming up is one of 'big' corporations with 'lots' of money,
this monotonicity in legal thought is the reason I refer to the 'legal
industry' and not 'legal profession'. Currently the main force driving
law is how much money is available. Expansions of liberty simply can't
happen in this environment because there is no mechanism to protect
'little' organizations or persons without 'lots' of cash. This problem is
one that is not being addressed by anyone, most especialy lawyers who
will loose income which they aren't apt to do voluntarily.
This would be hard to do in the situation such as a mailing list because
the parties would have 'authorized access' and it does not include the issue
of inside parties nor 'web bbs's' where parties can enter comments and
other statements in a 'authorized' manner. There are mechanisms to use computers for abuse of other parties besides hacking.
Absolutely. However, if there is not a fundamental understanding of the
technology and its ramifications I certainly wouldn't want somebody making
a case on my behalf because they would make assumptions which were not
based in fact. In Toto's case the point I was refering to was not his
sending private practice related material to a publicly accessible list
(pretty reprehensible for my attorney accident or not) but rather his
unsolicited admission that he didn't have any idea how it works. THAT
would worry me if my liberty, possessions, or life were on the line.
Actualy it is the PERFECT example of what is wrong with the law, it is the
reason that I went to such extremes to force the situation. If the law
can't protect Ma. and Pa. Kettle (their poor, being share croppers) under
our 'democracy' it shure can't proctect them under a more 'liberalized'
democracy which so many want and the technology will force. If the
coming technocracy can't (or for monetary reasons won't) then it won't
be any different that what we have now. A tyrant is a tyrant, my goal
is to get rid of the cage and not to put a new layer of gilt on it.
The point is not whether Toto did or did not make fun of me, you seem to
have a prediliction for personal attacks. It ain't.
The point is that if joe-six-pack isn't secure in knowing that his views
and expression are not protected from abuse he won't use it. We all loose
in that case.
You missed the point, keep pondering. I am shure it will come to you.
Because I don't know how it should be, and it isn't my place or yours to
make that decision. It is our responsibility to discuss this issue and
to review the various solutions and what they will mean in the long run
(as near as we can make the future out that is).
In this example, if party A makes a statement and then B changes it and
then re-distributes it as original comments by A then there is a problem
irrespective of the monetary worth of A or B. Digital signatures in and of
themselves won't help this from happening unless it is required to include
the full text and signature of any quote in any subsequent use of that
material otherwise the quote and the digital signature are out of sync and
therefore worthless.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:12:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Exactly! By jove you got it! By demanding your liberty but demanding
that 'we' go to Singapore or anywhere else and treat them as chattels
we have clearly instituted a double-standard. Most parties in this
discussion still haven't made that distinction.
All we have done is replace their current tyrant with a new one, mainly Exactly. And by applying pressure on Singapore we only help them keep
that tyrany in place. The quickest way I know to make a social institution
band together is self-preservation from an outside threat, real or
ALL social orders are corrupt. The 3 laws of thermodynamics apply to
everything including social institutions.
1. You can't get ahead
2. You can't break even
3. You can't quit the game
                  Heinz Pagels (RIP)
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:12:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Thank you for agreeing with my thesis that the legal industry is one
driven by monetary gain and not justice. It is the one major problem
with law today, it ignores those who are not 'worth it'. Justice is
supposed to be blind and until that happens there can be no true
liberty. Law should be involved in rights and wrongs and not 'how much
money do I need to buy that villa in Spain'.
There is also the aspect of 'reputation' of the organization which was
defamed. This will become even more critical to good business over the
Internet in the future than it is now. Now the only really important
'reputation' that one has to worry about is their credit report. Since
it is very unlikely that such records will be made public in the future
they won't be available so some other 'reputation' verification process
will be required for parties interested in doing business with other
parties they have no information on other than an email address or a
webpage. This problem became very clear during the Austin Cypherpunks
remailer project last year. The goal was to create a economicaly viable
keyserver. The problem rapidly became one of trust and reputation and
there was and still is no clear cut methodology for dealing with these
concepts, let alone actualy trying to quantify them. Another aspect of this
that keeps coming up is one of 'big' corporations with 'lots' of money,
this monotonicity in legal thought is the reason I refer to the 'legal
industry' and not 'legal profession'. Currently the main force driving
law is how much money is available. Expansions of liberty simply can't
happen in this environment because there is no mechanism to protect
'little' organizations or persons without 'lots' of cash. This problem is
one that is not being addressed by anyone, most especialy lawyers who
will loose income which they aren't apt to do voluntarily.
This would be hard to do in the situation such as a mailing list because
the parties would have 'authorized access' and it does not include the issue
of inside parties nor 'web bbs's' where parties can enter comments and
other statements in a 'authorized' manner. There are mechanisms to use computers for abuse of other parties besides hacking.
Absolutely. However, if there is not a fundamental understanding of the
technology and its ramifications I certainly wouldn't want somebody making
a case on my behalf because they would make assumptions which were not
based in fact. In Toto's case the point I was refering to was not his
sending private practice related material to a publicly accessible list
(pretty reprehensible for my attorney accident or not) but rather his
unsolicited admission that he didn't have any idea how it works. THAT
would worry me if my liberty, possessions, or life were on the line.
Actualy it is the PERFECT example of what is wrong with the law, it is the
reason that I went to such extremes to force the situation. If the law
can't protect Ma. and Pa. Kettle (their poor, being share croppers) under
our 'democracy' it shure can't proctect them under a more 'liberalized'
democracy which so many want and the technology will force. If the
coming technocracy can't (or for monetary reasons won't) then it won't
be any different that what we have now. A tyrant is a tyrant, my goal
is to get rid of the cage and not to put a new layer of gilt on it.
The point is not whether Toto did or did not make fun of me, you seem to
have a prediliction for personal attacks. It ain't.
The point is that if joe-six-pack isn't secure in knowing that his views
and expression are not protected from abuse he won't use it. We all loose
in that case.
You missed the point, keep pondering. I am shure it will come to you.
Because I don't know how it should be, and it isn't my place or yours to
make that decision. It is our responsibility to discuss this issue and
to review the various solutions and what they will mean in the long run
(as near as we can make the future out that is).
In this example, if party A makes a statement and then B changes it and
then re-distributes it as original comments by A then there is a problem
irrespective of the monetary worth of A or B. Digital signatures in and of
themselves won't help this from happening unless it is required to include
the full text and signature of any quote in any subsequent use of that
material otherwise the quote and the digital signature are out of sync and
therefore worthless.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 18:04:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Try doing it without the hardware and software. There is a distinction, you
apparently don't make, between the content and the methodology of
distribution. Without the methodology there is no content. Ideas are cheap,
distributing and trying them out (ie great social experiments) is
expensive. This is why it is absolutely critical in a democratic society
that those who own the means of distribution be left to their own means with
minimal regulation based on the ideal 'if their actions do not harm another
or their property without their prior consent' it isn't anyones business
what they are doing with their distribution mechanisms.
Whether you like it or not, each and every one of us have a responsibility
to every other person on the planet. That responsibility is to ensure that
our goals and desires don't infringe their goals and desires without their
prior consent, this is a fundamenal responsibility of government. As hard
as it is for many social scientist to accept privacy is a fundamental
requirement for a equitable government. I express this simply by,
"Democracy works not because of compromise but rather the refusal to
 compromise."
The 'state' is its subjects and the rules that are enacted to regulate their
behaviour. In case it hasn't occured to you, even the regulators are
subjects, and in the case of clearly oppressive societies victims as much as
those they subjugate. It isn't some etherial entity. Only you, and those that
proscribe to your views, are claiming that states are some homogenous (or
should be) set of rules and actions.
The way you speak of 'state' and 'citizen' implies some clearly observable
demarcation, it don't exist.
This is the problem with EVERY form of government except a democracy, it
assumes that people are cogs in a machine. If it satisfies one it will
satisfy all. A democracy recognizes this difference in what people value
and the goals they desire as a fundamental distinction (ie. life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness) worth protecting. I would suggest you read the
9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution of the US and consider long and
hard the ramifications of the (currently unenforced) limitations of
government authority. Even European governments might learn something.
Malarky. The origin of property is at least 300,000 years old, potentialy
over a Million, and much older than China could ever hope to claim and most
definitely NOT based on any concept of government. Property comes from small
family clans of people who chose to move from a hunter-gather society to one
of agriculture. To do that means that you have to lay out fields or other
areas for cultivation. Initialy these groups moved around because the fields
would go fallow. At some point some bright folks, either by accident or
intentional experimentation (probably both), found that rotating crops would
allow them to stay in one place. This allowed families to grow. In very
fertile areas this caused population explosions as individual clans grew and
began to interact with other local clans. At some critical size, undetermined
as best as I can determine, this allows specialization of effort. This
specialization of effort is what leads to governments as we recognize them.
When property was 'invented' there were no rulers because there was no
larger human organization than a familial tribe. I personaly believe that
the concept of 'property' is a fundamental aspect of human psychology and
not any structures they might impliment to express that need. I am as
certain as it is possible to be that a Cro-magnon cave man felt that his
throwing stick was 'his'. If not why did they bury their dead with flowers
and other objects that apparently belonged to the person in life? It sounds
like, by extrapolation, that your assertion is that they had government in
the modern sense because of this. An assertion I find laughable at best.
But I don't propose a slavish subject model, you keep trying to make it seem
like that is what I am proposing. Let me make it clear, I utterly reject ANY
model that makes distinctions between those who rule and those who are
Nobodies. The state is a means to regulate resources and commerce, anything
else is a misunderstanding of what a state is.
Then don't bitch when they meddle in your affairs. I am shure Saddam Hussein
(who I personaly believe is a piece of shit) will find it reassuring that
you won't raise a complaint next time he decides some place in Europe would
be a nice place to hang out with his armies.
Allowed, hell. They pay for the privilege just like everyone else. Despite
what you might believe the Internet is not a right or something anyone has a
right to.
There is no Internet ethic just as there is no community standard. It is a
convenient concept for intellectuals to pass off utterly senseless theories
and explanations, and in many cases justify subjugation and regulation for
no other reason than their own emotional and economic comfort.
Absolutely. The difference in our approaches is that you feel that you have
found a solution that satisfies you and therefore it should satisfy
everyone. With this I disagree completely. People are simply too diverse to
lump into the categories that you would like. If the French have a model
that won't work, let them figure it out on their own.
I suspect most French people would have something contrary to say about
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 18:12:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Physical meet, Sat. Feb. 15 - not 18. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <199701290209.UAA06585 at einstein>
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
Content-Length: 784       Sender: owner-austin-cpunks at einstein.ssz.com
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: austin-cpunks at einstein.ssz.com
Hi all,
I apparently didn't pay much attention to what month I was looking at when I
made the initial meeting. Turns out the 18th is a Tuesday obviously a day
that few of us can make. As a result I looked at the 'real' Feb. calendar
and the meeting date is as follows:
Saturday, Feb. 15, 1997
HEB Central Market Restaurant
Look for the red 2nd. ed. Applied Cryptography book
For more info email 'austin-cpunks at ssz.com'
Also invited to this meet are members of the mailing lists:
Experimental Science Instrumentation
Advanced Computer Experimentation
Sorry for the confusion.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 18:55:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Physical meet, Sat. Feb. 15 - not 18. 
Hi all,
I apparently didn't pay much attention to what month I was looking at when I
made the initial meeting. Turns out the 18th is a Tuesday obviously a day
that few of us can make. As a result I looked at the 'real' Feb. calendar
and the meeting date is as follows:
Saturday, Feb. 15, 1997
HEB Central Market Restaurant
Look for the red 2nd. ed. Applied Cryptography book
For more info email 'austin-cpunks at ssz.com'
Also invited to this meet are members of the mailing lists:
Experimental Science Instrumentation
Advanced Computer Experimentation
Sorry for the confusion.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 19:03:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Try doing it without the hardware and software. There is a distinction, you
apparently don't make, between the content and the methodology of
distribution. Without the methodology there is no content. Ideas are cheap,
distributing and trying them out (ie great social experiments) is
expensive. This is why it is absolutely critical in a democratic society
that those who own the means of distribution be left to their own means with
minimal regulation based on the ideal 'if their actions do not harm another
or their property without their prior consent' it isn't anyones business
what they are doing with their distribution mechanisms.
Whether you like it or not, each and every one of us have a responsibility
to every other person on the planet. That responsibility is to ensure that
our goals and desires don't infringe their goals and desires without their
prior consent, this is a fundamenal responsibility of government. As hard
as it is for many social scientist to accept privacy is a fundamental
requirement for a equitable government. I express this simply by,
"Democracy works not because of compromise but rather the refusal to
 compromise."
The 'state' is its subjects and the rules that are enacted to regulate their
behaviour. In case it hasn't occured to you, even the regulators are
subjects, and in the case of clearly oppressive societies victims as much as
those they subjugate. It isn't some etherial entity. Only you, and those that
proscribe to your views, are claiming that states are some homogenous (or
should be) set of rules and actions.
The way you speak of 'state' and 'citizen' implies some clearly observable
demarcation, it don't exist.
This is the problem with EVERY form of government except a democracy, it
assumes that people are cogs in a machine. If it satisfies one it will
satisfy all. A democracy recognizes this difference in what people value
and the goals they desire as a fundamental distinction (ie. life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness) worth protecting. I would suggest you read the
9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution of the US and consider long and
hard the ramifications of the (currently unenforced) limitations of
government authority. Even European governments might learn something.
Malarky. The origin of property is at least 300,000 years old, potentialy
over a Million, and much older than China could ever hope to claim and most
definitely NOT based on any concept of government. Property comes from small
family clans of people who chose to move from a hunter-gather society to one
of agriculture. To do that means that you have to lay out fields or other
areas for cultivation. Initialy these groups moved around because the fields
would go fallow. At some point some bright folks, either by accident or
intentional experimentation (probably both), found that rotating crops would
allow them to stay in one place. This allowed families to grow. In very
fertile areas this caused population explosions as individual clans grew and
began to interact with other local clans. At some critical size, undetermined
as best as I can determine, this allows specialization of effort. This
specialization of effort is what leads to governments as we recognize them.
When property was 'invented' there were no rulers because there was no
larger human organization than a familial tribe. I personaly believe that
the concept of 'property' is a fundamental aspect of human psychology and
not any structures they might impliment to express that need. I am as
certain as it is possible to be that a Cro-magnon cave man felt that his
throwing stick was 'his'. If not why did they bury their dead with flowers
and other objects that apparently belonged to the person in life? It sounds
like, by extrapolation, that your assertion is that they had government in
the modern sense because of this. An assertion I find laughable at best.
But I don't propose a slavish subject model, you keep trying to make it seem
like that is what I am proposing. Let me make it clear, I utterly reject ANY
model that makes distinctions between those who rule and those who are
Nobodies. The state is a means to regulate resources and commerce, anything
else is a misunderstanding of what a state is.
Then don't bitch when they meddle in your affairs. I am shure Saddam Hussein
(who I personaly believe is a piece of shit) will find it reassuring that
you won't raise a complaint next time he decides some place in Europe would
be a nice place to hang out with his armies.
Allowed, hell. They pay for the privilege just like everyone else. Despite
what you might believe the Internet is not a right or something anyone has a
right to.
There is no Internet ethic just as there is no community standard. It is a
convenient concept for intellectuals to pass off utterly senseless theories
and explanations, and in many cases justify subjugation and regulation for
no other reason than their own emotional and economic comfort.
Absolutely. The difference in our approaches is that you feel that you have
found a solution that satisfies you and therefore it should satisfy
everyone. With this I disagree completely. People are simply too diverse to
lump into the categories that you would like. If the French have a model
that won't work, let them figure it out on their own.
I suspect most French people would have something contrary to say about
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 20:42:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
It has been asserted by at least one member that the 1st Amendment protects
libelous or other defamatory speech. This is hokem. The 1st most certainly does not protect lies in any form. It
protects opinion, this is distinctly different then stating a untruth about
some party or distribution of material with the attributation to them
without their permission.
No civilized society can exist that permits lies and other defamations of
character and expect to survive for any length of time. Simply for no other
reason than contracts and other such instruments would not be worth the
paper they were printed on. Let alone any laws or other issuances from the
government itself.
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Where in there do you see a right to lie, cheat, or steal? If it did, it
would be a lie because it would not protect the very freedom it says it is.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:11:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
It has been asserted by at least one member that the 1st Amendment protects
libelous or other defamatory speech. This is hokem. The 1st most certainly does not protect lies in any form. It
protects opinion, this is distinctly different then stating a untruth about
some party or distribution of material with the attributation to them
without their permission.
No civilized society can exist that permits lies and other defamations of
character and expect to survive for any length of time. Simply for no other
reason than contracts and other such instruments would not be worth the
paper they were printed on. Let alone any laws or other issuances from the
government itself.
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Where in there do you see a right to lie, cheat, or steal? If it did, it
would be a lie because it would not protect the very freedom it says it is.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 20:12:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, it protects speech. The Constitution is meant to protect citizens from a
priori constraints on their speech, not the results of the content ex post
It is clearly not in the best interest of society to limit opinions or
No, for it to be a lie there must be a potentiality of its truth. A nonsense
statement which happens to fit the syntactical rules of a language wouldn't
A more apt situation would be, "Hey, , I saw  in a
public restroom blowing the President's pink torpedoe and  was
begging for more!". The statement should have to be transmitted to
 without the permission of .
The legal standard should be that if you make statements purported to be
true about a third party without their prior consent you should be held to
a minimum standard of evidence demonstrating the actuality of your statement.
A democratic society should have no tolerence for libel, slander, or other
forms of lies.
Which is exactly one aspect of the problem. Wrongs should not be based on
quantity or opinion. By focusing on what others think trivializes the issue
at hand, a untruth about a person has been passed off as a truth.
Exactly, instead of equal protection under the law we have a specieocracy.
Another good example of why our system is broke.
There is no such thing as 'obscenity' just as there is no such thing as
'community standard'. These are the results of mental masturbation to
justify some power freaks alterior motives.
No, what I should be permitted to say should not rest on what others may
permit. If so then I should have a say in what they can say, which means I
have a say in what they can say about what I can say, ... (got it yet?)
What we need is a fundamental change in the legal system which focuses on
first principles and results, not social status or wealth or the potential
for gain.
Perhaps what we need is a legal system where both the defence and
prosecuting attornies are selected by lot. We already have such a system
applied to the defence. If it is considered sufficient for a defence it
should qualify as sufficient for prosecution. Each practicing attorney would
receive a stipend allocated by the appropriate legislative body. The court
and police (who should represent the people in general) would provide both
parties the results of any tests and equal and simultaneous access to all
evidence. If a person wants additional legal council they can buy it from
their own pocket but the attorney is limited to act only as a adjunct to the
appointed attorney (ie they would not be allowed to speak in court).
In civil cases the plaintiff should place a bond, set at some percentage of
the maximum permissible award, at the time the case is filed. This would at
least cover the general costs of the court and limit nuisance cases.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 23:45:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, it protects speech. The Constitution is meant to protect citizens from a
priori constraints on their speech, not the results of the content ex post
It is clearly not in the best interest of society to limit opinions or
No, for it to be a lie there must be a potentiality of its truth. A nonsense
statement which happens to fit the syntactical rules of a language wouldn't
A more apt situation would be, "Hey, , I saw  in a
public restroom blowing the President's pink torpedoe and  was
begging for more!". The statement should have to be transmitted to
 without the permission of .
The legal standard should be that if you make statements purported to be
true about a third party without their prior consent you should be held to
a minimum standard of evidence demonstrating the actuality of your statement.
A democratic society should have no tolerence for libel, slander, or other
forms of lies.
Which is exactly one aspect of the problem. Wrongs should not be based on
quantity or opinion. By focusing on what others think trivializes the issue
at hand, a untruth about a person has been passed off as a truth.
Exactly, instead of equal protection under the law we have a specieocracy.
Another good example of why our system is broke.
There is no such thing as 'obscenity' just as there is no such thing as
'community standard'. These are the results of mental masturbation to
justify some power freaks alterior motives.
No, what I should be permitted to say should not rest on what others may
permit. If so then I should have a say in what they can say, which means I
have a say in what they can say about what I can say, ... (got it yet?)
What we need is a fundamental change in the legal system which focuses on
first principles and results, not social status or wealth or the potential
for gain.
Perhaps what we need is a legal system where both the defence and
prosecuting attornies are selected by lot. We already have such a system
applied to the defence. If it is considered sufficient for a defence it
should qualify as sufficient for prosecution. Each practicing attorney would
receive a stipend allocated by the appropriate legislative body. The court
and police (who should represent the people in general) would provide both
parties the results of any tests and equal and simultaneous access to all
evidence. If a person wants additional legal council they can buy it from
their own pocket but the attorney is limited to act only as a adjunct to the
appointed attorney (ie they would not be allowed to speak in court).
In civil cases the plaintiff should place a bond, set at some percentage of
the maximum permissible award, at the time the case is filed. This would at
least cover the general costs of the court and limit nuisance cases.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-31 16:27:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Really? And what if the out come is nothing more than a public statement
in the local newspaper that the original statement was not true and paying
the court costs? I doubt you will find a single attorney who will take the
case because there is no profit for them.
Really? And just exactly do you base this assumption on? Historicaly it
would seem that people want to believe the dirty grit about people. If they
didn't they wouldn't make the National Inquirer as successful as it is.
No, in general people don't give a crap about the real truth or falsity of
the statement unless it directly impacts them in some manner. What they are
interested in is entertainment, something the law should not provide.
The real issue is whether a Democracy can exist in an environment where
there is no requirement of honesty and truth from its citizens. I would
contend that it can't since the democratic process itself is representative
of those people and their beliefs.
If you really and truly belive a democratic society can exist with no
recognition of and protection for reputation we will just have to respectfuly
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-31 17:01:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Under the present system? Yes, it would not be worth a lawyers time to
process the appropriate paperwork unless I were a computer scientist and the
statement was published in a reputable magazine by something like the ACM or
Under the system I propose you would be forced to publish a public
recantation in the local press as well as paying the legal fees for the
trial at least. Provided of course it was worth the cost of the bond to
me. After all it is my reputation. The only person who should make decisions
about how important my reputation is to me is me, most definitely not you
or any other third party. I suspect you would not allow me to decide your
reputation either.
Neither, the currrent requirements of the law are irrelevant. My premise is
that such current laws are broke, why would I want to promote them? Answer,
I wouldn't. As to 'nice', what is nice isn't an issue. What is necessary is the
recognition that for a democratic society to exist in a world where business
is done based on reputations by parties who may never make more contact
than a email and EFT making statements about such reputations which
are not backed by verifiable evidence should be discouraged strongly.
This is almost too silly to even respond to.
A lie is a statement which could be true but isn't. In the context of the
current discussion this would mean that a statement made by one party about
another party which was told to a third party and was not verifiable with
Why should anyone tolerate a liar? Responsible and reasonable people don't
tolerate liars.
Who decides? The same group who decides now, the jury.
This is another clever attempt at a smoke screen. Nice try but 'Brrrrrttt',
you loose the bet. I would suggest you don't play poker, your bluffs are
truly amateurish.
If the plaintiff pays up front or at the end is irrelevant. If the plaintiff
loses they pay the cost of the court. If they win then the defendant pays
the court costs, reimbursment of the bond, and the penalites awarded by the
jury/court. The only reason to require anything up front is to act as a
verification that the plaintiff can pay the court costs (which they get back
if they win and must pay anyway if they loose) up front. The reason being
that it would be possible without this for people to skip out on the court
costs if they loose, which would cause another more expensive cost, a
criminal trial, that the people in general would have to carry. The end
result would be that the taxes we would have to pay would be higher just like
your credit card costs are more expensive than they need to be because of
fraud by other card holders.
I would never attempt to speak for you but I pay too much tax now taking
care of deadbeats and similar sorts.
Further more, the bond would not have to be extravagant. If it were a simple
case of libel with no punitive damages involved it would be resolved by a
small claims court and might require no more than $25 - $50 as a bond. The
point of the bond is to make the plaintiff think twice, not hinder them if
that is what they truly feel is their due.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-31 18:01:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Really? And what if the out come is nothing more than a public statement
in the local newspaper that the original statement was not true and paying
the court costs? I doubt you will find a single attorney who will take the
case because there is no profit for them.
Really? And just exactly do you base this assumption on? Historicaly it
would seem that people want to believe the dirty grit about people. If they
didn't they wouldn't make the National Inquirer as successful as it is.
No, in general people don't give a crap about the real truth or falsity of
the statement unless it directly impacts them in some manner. What they are
interested in is entertainment, something the law should not provide.
The real issue is whether a Democracy can exist in an environment where
there is no requirement of honesty and truth from its citizens. I would
contend that it can't since the democratic process itself is representative
of those people and their beliefs.
If you really and truly belive a democratic society can exist with no
recognition of and protection for reputation we will just have to respectfuly
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-31 18:02:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Under the present system? Yes, it would not be worth a lawyers time to
process the appropriate paperwork unless I were a computer scientist and the
statement was published in a reputable magazine by something like the ACM or
Under the system I propose you would be forced to publish a public
recantation in the local press as well as paying the legal fees for the
trial at least. Provided of course it was worth the cost of the bond to
me. After all it is my reputation. The only person who should make decisions
about how important my reputation is to me is me, most definitely not you
or any other third party. I suspect you would not allow me to decide your
reputation either.
Neither, the currrent requirements of the law are irrelevant. My premise is
that such current laws are broke, why would I want to promote them? Answer,
I wouldn't. As to 'nice', what is nice isn't an issue. What is necessary is the
recognition that for a democratic society to exist in a world where business
is done based on reputations by parties who may never make more contact
than a email and EFT making statements about such reputations which
are not backed by verifiable evidence should be discouraged strongly.
This is almost too silly to even respond to.
A lie is a statement which could be true but isn't. In the context of the
current discussion this would mean that a statement made by one party about
another party which was told to a third party and was not verifiable with
Why should anyone tolerate a liar? Responsible and reasonable people don't
tolerate liars.
Who decides? The same group who decides now, the jury.
This is another clever attempt at a smoke screen. Nice try but 'Brrrrrttt',
you loose the bet. I would suggest you don't play poker, your bluffs are
truly amateurish.
If the plaintiff pays up front or at the end is irrelevant. If the plaintiff
loses they pay the cost of the court. If they win then the defendant pays
the court costs, reimbursment of the bond, and the penalites awarded by the
jury/court. The only reason to require anything up front is to act as a
verification that the plaintiff can pay the court costs (which they get back
if they win and must pay anyway if they loose) up front. The reason being
that it would be possible without this for people to skip out on the court
costs if they loose, which would cause another more expensive cost, a
criminal trial, that the people in general would have to carry. The end
result would be that the taxes we would have to pay would be higher just like
your credit card costs are more expensive than they need to be because of
fraud by other card holders.
I would never attempt to speak for you but I pay too much tax now taking
care of deadbeats and similar sorts.
Further more, the bond would not have to be extravagant. If it were a simple
case of libel with no punitive damages involved it would be resolved by a
small claims court and might require no more than $25 - $50 as a bond. The
point of the bond is to make the plaintiff think twice, not hinder them if
that is what they truly feel is their due.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-01-31 18:31:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Thoughts re moderation, filtering, and name changes 
I read your missive (cpunks.html). It was interesting and thoughtful,
  despite the lack of ASCII art.
   I thought that I would reply to it by private email, in order to be
  able to speak bluntly, without damaging some of the rather fragile
  egos on the list. On the list I do my best to refrain from personal
  insults toward others, but there sometimes comes a point where the
  mere facts of a matter tend to be insulting to others, despite
  attempts to tippy-toe around them.
    Your HTML post does, in fact, deal with some very important points
  in regard to the content of the list.
    So much so, that it points out one of the major reasons that I see
  the moderation/censorship process that has been implemented as a
  deceitful and shoddy treatment of CypherPunk list members.
    After years of reaping the rewards of his role of crypto-anarchist-
  privacy-freedom/of/speech champion (which he has every right to),
  John Gilmore decides to declare, "My machine--my list. I'm changing
  it." (He might as well have added, "Anyone who doesn't like it can
  go fuck themselves!")
    John Gilmore effectively said, "I 'AM' the cypherpunks." Despite
  the fact that he rarely posts to it and does not participate in
  the discussions.
    And exactly what was the purpose behind the changes?
    Any two imbeciles with a case of beer could have sat down in a
  single evening and hammered out a solution to the problems you
  have addressed.
    Instead, John chose to confiscate the subscribers by giving his
  'new' list the cypherpunks name, instead of building a new list on
  its own merits. And he set it up so that anyone who wants to
  follow what is happening in the moderation/censorship process
  gets 'twice as much' crapola as before.
    The fact is, there is not one, single member who expressed a
  desire to continue receiving the Tim May crapola or the UCE/Spam
  crapola. But the process was set up so that those who choose not
  to receive the edited/moderated/censored list get this shit
  forwarded to them, by design of John and Sandy.
    As far as 'censoring' goes, 'people' are being censored, not
  'content'.
   I, among others, am auto-botted to the flames and uncensored
 lists. My 'offense' appears to be questioning the New List
 Order.
   If John, in his 'moderation' announcement, had stated
 that he intended to automatically shit-can certain member's
 postings, he would have lost even what shaky respect he still
 maintains among people who are paying a modicum of attention to
 what is actually transpiring on the list.
    To tell the truth, my original concern with Sandy censoring
  the list was that he does not have a particularly good command
  of the English language, and he seems to have trouble grasping
  the concepts involved in moderation/censorship.
    I actually like Sandy, so I was hoping my forebodings would
  turn out to be incorrect, but they have not. I think he is
  in over his head and, as a result, his moderation is close to
  being a joke.
    This is not a 'casual' observation. I have read every single
  message since the start of moderation, and documented the
  censored/uncensored posts, as well as analyzing the headers,
  etc. There are more than a few obtuse things going on behind
  the scenes.
    I believe that your view of 60% on-topic but uninteresting
  is a figure fairly close to how more than a few list members
  view the situation, but no one seems to realize that they are
  each talking about a different 60%, which, taken together,
  encompasses the majority of the postings.
    Think of it this way--what if each member was allowed to
  cut-out the 60% that they personally found uninteresting?
  What do you think would be left?
    You seem to be one of the few list members who realizes
  what they gain by having a 'library' of posts that introduce
  them to information and perspectives that broaden their
  horizons.
    I would hate to lose access to your posts because another
  member cut them out as a part of the 60% that s/he found
  'uninteresting'.

@_date: 1997-06-02 12:55:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CyberTects/SSZ status (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <199706020333.WAA10315 at einstein.ssz.com>
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
Content-Length: 2928      We had our business planning meeting tonite and the following was
 *    CyberTects will be no more by the end of the week. In its place
      is a new Commercial Web Service firm called (tadah)..
      The Armadillo Group
      There will be specific instructions in a day or so about where to
      send your payments for outstanding service bills.
 *    Update of service fee's:
      Monthly webpage                                 $25.00
      Customer Server Hosting, monthly               $100.00
      SLIP/PPP, dial-in, monthly                      $20.00
      SLIP/PPP, dedicated, monthly, 1 IP             $100.00
      IP Sets, 10 IP's (initial 1 & 9 more), annual  $100.00
      Shell access, w/ other account only             $10.00
      Labor charges, hourly, rounded up               $80.00
      Sales Tax NOT included, 8.25% in Texas
 *    We will be focusing on a limited set of services:
      -  expansion of services provided outside the SOHO sector into
         the general business community.
      -  various flavors of dial-in and dedicated connectivity options
         including a move to ISDN availablity with the increase in our
         primary feed to the Internet.
      -  webpage hosting w/ in-house development as required by the
         customer.
      -  hosting of customers servers in-house providing a level of
         technical support previously available only to large
         firms.
 *    The current Real/Time ISDN contract expires at the end of September.
      At this point we plan to have either a T1 or ADSL in place with
      additional servers.
 *    It looks like the current plan is to NOT have onsite service,
      training, and other services available through CyberTects in the
      past propogate through this change over. There will be a clearer
      mailing later in the week better detailing exactly what will be
      available and what we will be dropping.
      Note: Even if the firm as a whole ceases to host mailing lists
            I will continue to host them using my own resources.
            I will continue to do some onsite service and such on my
            own.
 *    The future of the Elgin site expansion to fully mirror SSZ and
      provide 100% backup may not be implimented because of the drop
      of other services. I have not decided if this will be something
      that I take on personaly if it is dropped.
If you have any further questions or would like to express your views on
these changes, please don't send email to me. Instead send it to
'consulting at ssz.com' so that the whole group may discuss the issues.
Our goal as always is to provide you with professional service & support.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  The Armadillo Group
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-06-03 11:09:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing?... 
I have been looking at how to impliment picketing on the web. To date I have
been unable to come up with a way to force a connection to one machine to go
through a third machine in order to express some view about the original
This idea came to me while watching some folks picket a local grocer over
something I couldn't make out (the signs were poorly done). It occured to me
that since one could argue that the links between sites are public avenues a
site could 'picket' another site. The question became at this point, how?
So far I have been unable to figure a way out. Any ideas you might care to
share with us all?
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
      No people do so much harm as those who go about doing good.      |
                                                                       |
                                           Mandell Creighton           |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-03 11:10:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Remove this link immediately (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Reply-To: don at zekes.com
Organization: Synergetics
X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.0Gold (Win95; I)

@_date: 1997-06-03 11:12:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Remove this link immediately 
Hi Don,
No more so than your trying to decide what bookstore might carry the
magazines your articles appear in. Further more, even if your page were
commercial access only that would in no way prohibit me from linking to it,
unless you care to claim that a library or used bookstore with a computerized
listing of your articles constitutes libel (it doesn't).
Give me a break and go pick a fight you can win. And if you are serious
please enough with the vailed threats, just give me your lawyers name and
number like a good little boy.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-04 09:08:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing 
I want to thank everyone for their copius sharing of knowledge on this
issue. Where I was originaly going with this was comparing a supermarket and
the picketers on a public sidewalk and how the police must protect the
picketers from interference and interfering with customer access. The
thought that has been going around in my head for a few days was consider a
site whose traffic does over a publicly funded backbone (ie sidewalk &
customers). Now on this site is a webpage to which another group objects to.
Under what conditions akin to sidewalk use might a provider or network
provider be forced to provide any user requesting a link to the
objectionable page with the page of the objecting group.
What I see is a simple single screen page that immediatly takes you to the
desired page. Something conceptualy akin to a picket sign.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-04 09:30:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Hacker Links page (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Reply-To: telecode at primenet.com
Organization: Telecode (
X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.0 (Win95; U)

@_date: 1997-06-04 11:37:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing... 
I was just reviewing the various emails on this topic trying to create a
cogent whole, or at least the start of it. Anyway, I realize that at least
one cpunk out there seems to seriously think that I brought this subject up
with regards to the 'criminal libel' issue and wanting to send some sort
of message to others. Hardly. That started yesterday, way after I was already
looking at the issue. Furthermore, I no more want to slap more spin doctor
output in front of others than to have to look at it myself. I was mainly
trying to make a prediction about the future and then seeing, if reasonable,
how long it took.
Perhaps a little explanation is in order. I was going to the grocery store
the other day and the perennial grape picketers were out there. It occured
to me that some comparison between a public sidewalk and a public backbone
could be made. I began to draw comparisons and it became clear that
something was up here. It occurs to me that somebody with the right
motivation might want to claim that they have a right to put a box on such a
backbone (ie stand on the sidewalk in front of the store) and scrape for
particular addresses (ie the business they want to picket). Now the
picketers can't stop anyone from going in the store (ie packets going down
the pipe) by they can attempt to talk to them as well as wave large lettered
signs in their face (ie put a short banner page on their screen). A webpage
could do this by putting up a single page with a continue button (ie a path
to the door of the store). You could no more stop them from searching
packets than you could stop somebody from standing or walking beside you
down a public street.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-04 11:47:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Hacker Links page 
Hi Duffy,
First, let me say it has been quite pleasant dealing with you on this issue.
I appreciate your even-headed approach.
Unfortunately in this case my policy was diametricaly opposed to yours.
Unless somebody is a paying customer or has legal justification I don't
comply with a great many external requests, I try to make as few as possible
as well.
I support a wide range of users and they specificaly request that I keep
them up to date with what is going on in a variety of technology areas.
Not only do I send a copius amount of forwards from various mailing lists, print sources, etc. but I also keep a webpage with some critical links to
resources they have inquired about. Don's was one of them.
[Deleted chronology]
A sign of an honorable business.
Not a problem. Sounds like you have been the one inconvenienced by this
the most.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-04 13:20:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Pickets arise from people getting pissed off about some aspect of their
economic life and using their right to free speech to express it.
Absolutely, but I can most definitely picket the mall and the store at that
point with complete impunity from the sidewalk. And please correct me if my
geometry/geography is wrong, but in order to get into the private parking
spot at the private mall you do have to drive off the public street ACROSS
the public sidewalk where all those picketers are standing. After all, if
the mall won't let me express my opinions then I have an economic right as
a consumer to express my displeasure and try to warn other consumers of the
danger. It is irrelevant to my goal as a economic consumer whether I picket
the store inside the mall or outside. What IS important is that I have legal
access to ALL the customers using that business(es).
But I am not calling the net a public forum. I am specificaly talking about
a special case that might arise if we are not aware of the consequences. In
short it is a statement that it MIGHT be possible to use publicly funded
network backbones to seriously impede communication using the system against
Not at all, unless you are implying the same expectation of privacy on a
public street (or backbone) that you would get in your home (or intranet).
I am stating the status quo, the level of expectant privacy on a public
street (internet) is in no way nearly as comprehensive as in your home
(intranet). Should you doubt this, walk around your living room with the
blinds drawn butt-naked and then try that again in the middle of downtown
at 5pm. If you want to go to store A and it is covered in picketers, you
WILL hear and see them even if you don't want to. Their right to speech is
such that if you want to use that business you must submit to an exposure of
their views however brief. My thesis is that it may be possible to extend
this legaly supportable model to a backbone which derives some or all of its
income from public funds. This could be a BAD thing, is it and why?. If it
is acceptable use of publicly funded resources in meatspace why should
publicy funded resources in bitspace be exempted? No more, no less.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-04 13:54:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I suspect the visitors to abortion clinics would agree with you. I doubt
the right-to-lifers or the judge would. Pleasure and good ideas are not
necessarily one-to-one.
One could argue that just as we must pave public sidewalks and roads as well
as provide publicly accessible sewer pipes we might be required to provide
webspace on the endpoint routers of the public sections of the backbone, and
then we ALL get to pay for our daily aggravation ("push the button to torture
the subject", subject pushes button and spasms in electric agony). Perhaps
that is the real reason it would bite.
Hmmm, I have NEVER seen einstein go anywhere nor the cables it is connected
to. I can certainly say that I doubt the hundreds of machines in my work lab
cavort around the shop when I am gone. No, I don't accept your premise that
the connections in the Internet are that mobile.
Lack of public space may be the saving grace, unfortunately there is quite
a bit of involvment planned by Uncle Sam if I am not mistaken...Internet II...
V-II Chip... GAK... ITAR... That supercomputer science network thingy...
Get the picture?
You can certainly stand in front of that store on the public street and
offer to give said material away (remember to pick those up people throw
down). And there ain't a damn thing you can do to make them leave.
I would hope you would explain and address the counter-arguments of your
critics. Otherwise your discussions might be a little one sides and hopefuly
quite short. I personaly hate monotonic lunatic raves (unless there is a
kick-ass band and pretty women).
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-04 22:33:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What is amazing is your denying there is any sort of connection at all. I am
not claiming that they are 1-to-1 as you would have readers believe but
rather one brings along certain rights for the user from the other area.
One of those rights is going to be protection of their civil liberties. Your
tacit assertion that simply because some resource receives public money does
not affect the civil or criminal aspect at all is also misleading.
BUT, and you seem unable to grasp this important concept, its users DO
receive such extra protection over and above a solely private resource.
This means that communictions BETWEEN said users will ALSO gain that
protection. Now it seems plain to me that if the reader sends a packet over
that network link, the server sends a packet over that same network in
responce a third party on that link with a CIVIL interest in the content of
that exchange may be able to force a minimal level of communications because
they ALSO use that link and have a vested interest in what the server is
sending over that link publicly.
If the government owns the link, say between Salt Lake and Chicago, wholely
then there is most definitely a comparison to be made. Even if the funding
is only partial that still brings along additional contractual obligations
for the operators in regards to civil rights and legal protections.
I could see them taking the end-point servers over on national security
grounds (like civilian airport radio equipment or the telephone) in regards
to breeches or damages against the servers. Shoot, they could integrate them
into the EBS (or whatever they are calling it this week). That could mean
that ANY hacking that was carried would automaticaly involve the government
on national security grounds ("Damn, I wish I hadn't changed my password
without writing it down!..."). THAT is just way too Red Scare for me.
Yes, and your point? It can't be that a specific backbone cable between two
cities owned by the government is equivalent to the Internet in toto, even
conceptualy. Because it is clear that such a construct is equivalent to the
publicly funded highway running between the same cities, and you most
definitely CAN picket on a highway easment legaly. I have seen farm workers
in Texas do it my entire life. The Info-Highway comparison goes a LOT
farther than most people seem to have taken it. I personaly, don't think we
should go there in the case of communications technology.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-04 22:49:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing?... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Agreed. However, I see a situation happening akin to a sheeple goes into the
public library and checks out a book on pro-life politics and because of
excessive civil liberty protection is then required to also check out a book
on pro-abortion to make shure they are informed.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-05 10:23:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Correct and using my model would in no way interfere with a users use of the
network. It would not add excessive delay or other impedemants. It would be
a one time event that occured when the site was initialy accessed. Much like
having to go past the picketers on the side of the road at least once.
If it is a fully privately funded highway, I agree. If it accepts public
money I obviously disagree with you. As to the packets watching, no more so
than the cars being used are watching the picketers. This is a straw man
argument. The issue here is not the packets but the paticipants.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-05 10:32:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Quit taking the drugs they are affecting your attention span.
You should also quit trying to divine persons motivation, you are terrible
at it.
Actualy I have already named two.
Actualy the Internet II documents that I have seen have specificaly
mentioned letting students at public schools use them as well as people
doing research both private and publicly funded. I understand that it should
start to take physical shape just after the turn of the century.
The High Speed Supercomputer network is also going to be available for use
within just a  couple years as well.  - it's future existence has no impact on those of us using
You have obviously missed the entire point, today is not the issue. It is
tomorrow that we should be looking at and the clear indications that Uncle
Sam puts out about funding/supporting future expansion. The federal
government can't afford to keep its fingers out of the pie.
Yes. Yes. First come first served. When the funds run out.
In your opinion, which so far has been nothing but inuendo, ad hominim
arguments, and pure opinion. How about some reasoning to go along with    _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-05 11:21:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Whew, talk about fixated. NOBODY is talking about stopping anything but you,
THAT would be unconstitutional. I am NOT saying that such a situation would
prevent you from reaching your destination (ie the store) but it would
require you to pass through the picket line (ie get a single page as your
first responce to your request) and be exposed however briefly to their
You are right, I WOULD  have a right to interfere with their reception which
is after all what I am talking about. I am in no way discussing slowing or
otherwise altering the request from the user, I am specificaly talking about
adding a single page to the servers output. Straw man.
Absolutely, and none of this has anything whatsoever to do with the issue at
hand. Another straw man. If you are using a publicly funded thoroughfare I
CAN consitutionaly FORCE you to see my message if YOU insist on going to
that particular store. It isn't the user who is being picketed, it is the
server. You as a user of the system have nothing to say about it, unless as
alluded by another cpunk you want to picket the picketers (which is
completely legal and happens quite often).
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-05 11:27:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Yes, and there is not one law on the books preventing the government from
putting in their own backbones in the future, which is exactly what they
are planning on doing. Which is what I am talking about. This temporal
displacement argument is a straw man.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-05 12:29:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not exactly, I am saying it would be legaly permissible under the same chain
of reasoning that allows picketing at a public sidewalk in front of a
business to extend it to network traffic which traversed a public link in
the chain of nodes between user and server. I am in effect saying the
end point publicly funded servers on a section of publicly funded network,
not the user or the actual target server (who again have no more stake in
this than in an actual picket line - none), would be required to provide
3rd party single pages before serving the actual target of the user based
upon the same sorts of situations that arise in meatland.
Is that clearer?
The 1st Amendment, when you are traversing public property, be it a sidewalk
or stretch of network cable. It is simply a matter of strategy and geography
if for you to get to where you want to go you have to go through public
property on which I desire to speak. Neither you nor your intended
destination has anything to say about it.
Then you don't understand how picketing works. To get to the private store
you must cross public property. The public is free to use that property to
their own ends within the law. The law allows, through the 1st Amendment,
anyone to stand on that public stip and make certain claims about adjacent
private parties. Hell, you can legaly picket a private individuals house as
long as you do it from the sidewalk - which by extension means that they
could specificaly picket your personal server if they desired as long as
they did it from a publicly funded stretch of network.
As long as you are not using everybody elses money (ie public funds) to get
there they don't. But your not wanting to see the picketers in front of
Bookstop on the sidewalk in no way impacts their right to be there and your
total impunity to do anything about it legaly short of picketing yourself.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-05 21:55:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Government money, Net picketing, and public fora (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Unfortunately, Declan has no idea what he's talking about. Accepting public
money does increase the criminal and civil obligations of the recipient as
well as providing a lever for 3rd parties to become involved on civil
I'm not sure how I can get this idea through.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-06 09:53:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Government money, Net picketing, and public fora (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You have been paying NO attention at all, no wonder you are having a hard
time trying to figure it out. Concentrate now, I DO NOT want to picket
anyone for anything at anytime. I have better things to do with my time like
spend my money in another store.
It HAS been my contention from my original post that I DO NOT think this is
a good idea.
I am going to decline responding to the remiander of this since it is a
waste of my meta-carpal tunnel syndrome.
[much inattentive blah deleted]
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-06 14:08:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
But there is, the publicly funded routers on the publicly funded network
which are handling public traffic sitting in nice little queues just waiting
to be processed.
Perhaps a slightly more complicated setup might make it clearer. Consider
that we have some length of fiber laying from Chicago to Salt Lake City.
That fiber is fully owned/funded by the federal government. The two routers
on the end of the cable are also fully owned. Now from those routers extends
another network cable that goes to fully privately owned networks. Now in
Salt Lake City there is a young 14 year old girl that just took an at home
pregnancy test. It turned up positive and she has pretty much lost it. Now
in Chicago there is a webpage for an abortion clinic. Her sister lives in
Chicago. The girl gets on her trusty little bit-pusher and proceeds to
contact that page from a lookup done in Yahoo. Now at this point her parents
still think that what you don't know can't hurt you and her sister has a
vistor for a few days that summer.
Now ask yourself, does a anti-abortion group have any claim to providing
that young girl alternate information that is not pro-abortion?
Perhaps this will better exemplify the demarcation I am making. I admit it
is a thin line, but that is all it takes.
Not at all, blocking implies a stoppage NOT a delay. I suggest you sit
outside an abortion clinic when the picketers are there. I assure you they
are up close and personal. The old ruling of 15ft. seperation was over-turned
just this year I believe. It is true that they may not block you but they are
allowed to delay your journey slightly with civil coverage. I further belive
the court would look at the nature of the Internet and the structure of the
web and determine that a single page at the very beginning or perhaps a
small splash screen first would not be an unwarranted imposition.
I want to make it clear, I am a strict Constitutionalist. I don't see the
government having the delegated authority to spend any public money on the
Internet, human cloning, BATF, DEA, etc. I believe strongly that such
enterprises are best left fully in the state and individuals care. I most
definitely believe that were the 9th and 10th Amendment interpreted and used
actively we would see a massive decline in government intervention and as a
consequence lower taxes.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-07 23:36:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Intermittent SSZ downtime 
SSZ is going to be offline at least twice over the next 36 hours or so. It
should be down on longer than a couple of hours for some hardware upgrades
in preperation for a full software upgrade. There are two additional outages
planned next weekend.
Please plan accordingly, we apologize for any inconvenience.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-08 03:13:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ status (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <199706071838.NAA00222 at einstein.ssz.com>
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
Content-Length: 962       The initial hardware upgrade went without a hitch. No additional downtime is
expected today. We will let the system run until tomorrow afternoon before
deciding on the need for further tweaking.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-08 07:05:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Test [List Operator Reply Only] 
This is a test.
List operators only please reply.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-10 11:10:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Assuming, tacitly of course, that the supply of distributors is unlimited.
If the resource is limited, as it actualy is, by getting the distribution
node you in effect cut many people off. Thus forcing either total denial or
else direct intervention, thus raising the chance of getting caught because
more persons would be involved than would normaly be the case. This in
effect clearly indicates a benefit to going after the distributors. This
argument can be extended to the film-maker as well.
Now some will say that it doesn't matter, somebody else will always pop up.
The problem with this is that we have a limited population and there are
only a statistical percentage going to be interested in the activity. This
implies that there is some set of persons who will not participate. The
trick is to get the non-participants to be the larger of the two.
By extension then full and complete public distribution would minimize it
completely. So, you are seriously stating that we should put such pictures
on the daily television, say during childrens hour? Now if we follow this
further we are left with the image of our government hiring children to pose
for said images because the supply of 'actual' images had diminished.
That is truly a case of the pot calling the kettle black. Plus the sicko's
get free, danger free, thrills at the public expence. Wooo, just what I
want my tax dollars spent on.
We are clearly dealing with a cusp-shaped function here. The implication
being that some form of regulation is beneficial if we want to actualy
reduce child abuse.
Or just possibly making the supply even more scarce because fewer and fewer
are willing to take the chance of making a few bucks.
Ahmen brother!
Otherwise, feldercarb.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Moderation in all things, including moderation.            |
                                                                       |
                            -I wish I could remember-                  |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-10 11:48:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Clearly this whole discussion can be broken down into a cusp shaped gap.
Too much regulation will cause the market worth to soar hence driving a
large increase in at least attempted revenue spent on the commodity. Whereas
a complete lack of regulation will saturate the market hence driving
suppliers and distributors out of the market, leaving a few megaliths.
Somewhere in the middle is a point where there is actualy a minimum of
the events you are trying to eliminate.
Actualy what it does is increase the perception of danger and difficulty in
the mind of the user and low-level dealer. The actual cycle is much more
complicated than Tim is alluding to here. First there is the total supply of
raw material, processing, and distribution. This sets a hard baseline limit
on the total available drug. Then we have a certain fluctuating percentage
of the population who use it. If we study the typical 'addict cycle' for
different drugs and users we see a multiplicity of cycles and patterns of
behaviour (eg most users who don't od kick the habit after a period of
time). Then we have the perception of those users on the availability of the
drug. There is also the percentage of tax that a society can support at a
given standard of living to support police activity specificaly for drug
control. The image that John and Jane Doe have on the impact of drugs on
their lives. And on and on... Any many who had thought about it would decline because of the increased
chance of getting caught.
Specificaly how are you justifying the assumption that the net effect would
be to increase the total available distributors? It seems to me that such
an arguments natural extension would be that it would increase the net
number of movie makers not distributors. Consider, the number of distributors
is reduced by a very public campaign. Obviously two things come from this.
First is the actual reduction of available material and the perception that
distribution is a very dangerous game. So what does our enterprising
pedophile do? He buys himself a camera and proceeds to make his own for him
and his buddies. Hell, if he gets too worried he can start killing the kids
so they can't squeel.
   _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                       |
            Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.              |
                                                                       |
                                     Slovenian Proverb                 |
                                                                       |
     Jim Choate                                 ravage at ssz.com         |
     The Armadillo Group                                    |
     Austin, Texas, USA                         512-451-7087           |

@_date: 1997-06-11 12:10:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Laptop theft [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[remainder deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-11 12:11:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Personal info regulation [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[remainder deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-11 13:46:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Noise, California only] Good deal on ISDN access (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That is an interesting stat, I have considerably better luck than this.
I would guess about 80% of my customers and people I know using them get
full bandwidth most of the time. I use 33.6 on SSZ and everyone of my users
with this get consistent speed. My dedicated lines seem quite stable over
time as well.
I prefer my ISDN over a normal modem.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-12 08:51:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [CNN] Stolen Laptops and lame 'solution' (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Bullshit. That is like saying the person being raped is responsible for the
rape. This is plain and simple victim-speak.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-12 09:45:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Can you say anti-trust? [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-12 09:56:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Unleashing Micro Viruses on Networks (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Check out:
Bug Park
James P. Hogan
ISBN 0-671-87773-9
$22.00 hardbound
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-12 10:39:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Texas Driver's License database on the web (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I at least have a contractual relationship with both of them that provides
me at least some promise of fair arbitration. Something I don't have with
Joe Average implicitly.
The Machine takes the rights we give up willingly for a long-term loan on a
40" television and another $10k a year.
Not just religious views, but skin color, sex, etc. This is a function of
all social animals (in fact the society wouldn't work if it wasn't) and in
particular primates. To draw the conclusion that this somehow flows from our
contractual agreements based on impatience and greed is illogical.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-13 06:15:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NEW TRAVEL INFO -- Antigua (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Precedence: bulk
STATE DEPARTMENT TRAVEL INFORMATION - Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda - Consular Information Sheet
 June 9, 1997
Country Description:  Antigua and Barbuda is a developing island nation.  Tourism facilities are widely available.
Entry Requirements:  A valid passport or birth certificate and picture ID such as a drivers license are required of U.S. citizens entering Antigua and Barbuda.  A return ticket is sometimes requested.  Immigration officials are strict about getting exact information about where visitors are staying.  There is no fee for entering the country, but there is a $13.00 departure tax.  For further information on entry requirements, travelers can contact the Embassy of Antigua and Barbuda, 3216 New Mexico Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C.  20016, telephone (202) 362-5122, or the Consulate of Antigua and Barbuda in Miami.
Medical Facilities:  Medical care is limited.  Doctors and hospitals often expect immediate cash payment for health services.  U.S. medical insurance is not always valid outside the U.S.  In some cases, supplemental medical insurance with specific overseas coverage, including provision for medical evacuation, has proven useful.  For additional health information, travelers may contact the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's international travelers hotline at (404) 332-4559, Internet:  Crime Information:  Violent crimes and armed assaults have been perpetrated against tourists.  Petty street crime also occurs, and valuables left unattended on beaches are subject to theft.
The loss or theft of a U.S. passport overseas should be reported to the local police and the nearest U.S. embassy or consulate.  Retaining a copy of the police report may facilitate return travel to the U.S.  A lost or stolen birth certificate and/or driver's license generally cannot be replaced outside the U.S.
U.S. citizens can refer to the Department of State's pamphlet "A Safe Trip Abroad," which provides useful information on guarding valuables and protecting personal security while traveling abroad.  Both this pamphlet and "Tips for Travelers to the Caribbean" are available from the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government printing Office, Washington, D.C.  20402.
Drug Penalties:  U.S. citizens are subject to the laws of the country in which they are traveling.  Penalties for possession, use and trafficking in illegal drugs are strict, and convicted offenders can expect lengthy jail sentences and heavy fines.
Aviation Oversight:  As a result of an assessment conducted by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in July 1996, the FAA has found the government of Antigua and Barbuda's civil aviation authority not to be in compliance with international aviation safety standards for oversight of Antigua and Barbuda's air carrier operations.  While consultations to correct the deficiencies are ongoing, Antigua and Barbuda's carriers are permitted to conduct limited operations to the U.S. subject to heightened FAA surveillance.  Based on the FAA's determination, the Department of Defense does not permit U.S. military personnel to use carriers from Antigua and Barbuda for official business except for flights originating from or terminating in the U.S., or in extenuating circumstances.  For further information, travelers may contact the Department of Transportation at 1-(800) 322-7873.
Traffic Safety/Road Conditions:  Driving in Antigua and Barbuda is on the left-hand side of the road, as in the United Kingdom.  Roads are narrow and in poor condition.  There is relatively little police enforcement of traffic regulations.  The condition of the roads and the speed at which many persons drive lead to serious traffic accidents.  More detailed information on roads and traffic safety can be obtained from the Antigua Tourist Board, tel. (268) 462-0480, or the Director General of Tourism, tel. (268) 462-1005.
Embassy Location/Registration:  U.S. citizens may register with the U.S. Consular Agent, Hospital Hill, English Harbour.  The mailing address is c/o U.S. Consular Agent, P.O. Box 664, St. John's, Antigua.  The telephone number is (268) 463-6531, Fax (268) 460-1569, e-mail (no caps) ryderj at candw.ag.  The hours of operation are Monday-Friday, 9:00am-4:00pm. (Please call for appointment.)  U.S. citizens may also contact the Consular Section of the U.S. Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados, which is located in the American Life Insurance Company (ALICO) Building, Cheapside, tel. (246) 431-0225, which has consular jurisdiction over Antigua and Barbuda.  The hours of operation are Monday-Friday, 8:00am-4:00pm.
 No. 97-098
This replaces the Consular Information Sheet dated March 15, 1996 to include entry requirements information, the CDC Internet address, and a section on traffic safety/road conditions.
----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -----
The "travel-advisories at stolaf.edu" mailing list is the official Internet and
BITNET distribution point for the U.S. State Department Travel Warnings and
Consular Information Sheets.  To unsubscribe, send a message containing the
word "unsubscribe" to:	travel-advisories-request at stolaf.edu
Archives of past "travel-advisories" postings are available at the URL:
" or via Gopher:
gopher.stolaf.edu, Internet Resources/US-State-Department-Travel-Advisories

@_date: 1997-06-13 07:20:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
A right is not a question of popularity or amplitude, it is a question of
existance. It is or it isn't. Some people want more guns than others
(obvious even to you) so you seriously hold that there is no fundamental
Constitutional right to own firearms? Or speech, we don't all want to use it
to the same amount, we therefore don't have a right to free speech? Or (oh
my god!) crypto, we don't all want to use it to the same degree therefore we
don't have a right to use crypto?
Serious boo-boo.
I hope it ain't gone to print yet...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-17 07:42:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anonymous proxies & ITAR question (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The renter is not responsible until they take contractual possession of the
truck. From that point until placed on the companies property and the key is
placed in the lock-box hanging on the fence (or whatever system they use
where you live) it is the responsibility of the renter/driver/physical
possessor of the truck for its behaviour or contents.
Why should coke be treated any different than pot? How much pot should I be
able to put in such a truck and 'get away' with as a function of SOP? How
much coke?
No, ambiguity like this has no place in law. The litmus test should be
whether a person or their property were damaged without their prior
permission. Crimes should be a function of physical interaction and not some
qualitative or even quantitative test. If it is a crime to do 100 of them
then it should be a crime to do 1/10 (assuming it should be a crime in the
first place).
I can see it now,
"Sorry sir, we had to let him go. He only 1/4 raped her."
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-18 07:58:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Kerrey bill introduced in Senate (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy it would prevent me from cracking your ciphertext, it does not
prevent me from trying to crack my own ciphertext. Since I am supplying the
plaintext it is clear that I can continue to test Netscape or any other
algorithm. It also implies, by specificaly mentioning privacy, that you can
give me permission to attempt to crack your ciphertext. It, intentionaly or
not, give you the individual the choice and not Uncle Sam.
I have absolutely no problem with making it illegal for you to packet sniff
my network when your specific goal is to take internal information against
my will and use it against me.
I think this is the kind of law that needs to be made. I would however
suspect that existing law covers this quite thoroughly.
The federal government can require whatever the hell it wants of itself. I
don't work for them anymore and would not consider it in the future. When
they start telling me that I have to do something for their convenience,
then and there I have a major bitch.
See above.
Ain't much, but it is a step in the right direction. I mean, 64-bit ain't
that far from 56, and shoot if your gonna give me 64 how about 128 since it
is ONLY twice as 'large'.
When did they pass a law requiring registration of CA's in the first place?
Or is this another law that only applies to voluntarily registered
government  CA's? And just exactly what is the ANSI/ISO standard of said
registrant? RFC?
I don't understand this. Is the person asking committing the crime for
asking for a signature certificate without complying with GAK processes?
Or is the person refusing to register their key with a CA after the CA
received a request from a third party?
Are you saying they must require everyone in a particular business class to
comply with their regulatory mechanations without exception OR that they
will be able to force such regulatory excesses as they can squeeze out of an
individual person/business?
Their enforcement agents already have this power since they are considered
federal agents equivalent to DEA or FBI (Hint: NEVER argue with a guy wearing
NOAA, NASA, USGS, DoA, etc. *AND* a badge).
Without trial?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                                                                    |             _____                             The Armadillo Group   |
         ,::////;::-.                           Austin, Tx. USA     |
        /:'///// ``::>/|/                     http://   |
      .',  ||||    `/( e\                                           |
  -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-                         Jim Choate       |
                                                 ravage at ssz.com     |
                                                  512-451-7087      |

@_date: 1997-06-19 12:19:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: index.html 
CNN logo    US navbar    Infoseek/Big Yellow    Pathfinder/Warner Bros    Main banner Start your retirement planning using Portrait Planning.
   Click Here.      rule
             REPUTED MOBSTER'S ADMISSION MAY CAUSE CASE TO CRUMBLE
      Mercurio
     June 18, 1997
     Web posted at: 9:47 p.m. EDT (0147 GMT)
     BOSTON (CNN) -- The trial of reputed mob boss Frank "Cadillac"
     Salemme was thrown into disarray Wednesday when mob journeyman
     Angelo "Sonny" Mercurio told a U.S. District Court he had been an
     informant for the FBI.
     The dramatic admission came after federal Judge Mark Wolf asked
     Mercurio if he had been an informant for the FBI in 1989 -- the same
     year his pals were being wiretapped by the agency. Mercurio, who is
     serving time in Georgia for marijuana possession, faced a jail
     sentence for contempt if he did not answer the question.
       _______________________________________________________________
  PEG TYRE's report as seen on CNN
      VXtreme logo VXtreme Streaming Video        _______________________________________________________________
     "Yes," he replied in a loud and clear voice. His disclosure could
     threaten the government's case against Salemme, the reputed head of
     the New England Mafia, and four other reputed mobsters.
     Mercurio's answer raises questions about whether the Justice
     Department misled a federal judge to get a wiretap that helped lead
     to the conviction of other organized crime figures.
     Judges will not grant wiretaps if they know authorities
     haveinvestigative alternatives, such as informers.
     "It is an important part of a mosaic that we're going to build to
     argue that there has been outrageous government misconduct in this
     case and ask for a retrial," defense attorney John Mitchell said.
     Salemme's lawyers say they'll ask that the wiretaps be thrown out.
     If the judge agrees, the case against Salemme, as well as mobsters
     already convicted on wiretap evidence, could be in jeopardy.
  Judge says government's credibility is at stake
     The government's case against Salemme hinges on a wiretap recording
     of a ceremonial induction into the Patriarca crime family in
     Medford, Massachusetts, in 1989.
     The wiretap information led to convictions against Salemme's alleged
     predecessor, Raymond "Junior" Patriarca, and several others.
     Mercurio's admission proved the FBI lied in sworn statements they
     used to get permission for the tap. Agents claimed they needed the
     electronic surveillance of the induction, when instead they had
     Mercurio on the inside to help them. Scarpa
     "The entire premise and entire foundation of the tap may well be
     rotten, and the tape will be suppressed," defense attorney Anthony
     Cardinale said.
     It also potentially undermines 20 major mob convictions in New
     England.
     "I think FBI agents have gotten the message from the courts and from
     Congress that in organized crime cases, anything goes," criminal
     defense attorney Gerald Shargel said.
     Wolf said he will continue to press to see if the FBI obtained other
     wire taps by providing false information. At issue he says is the
     credibility of the government in the eyes of its federal judges.
     Correspondent Peg Tyre contributed to this report  rule
  Read the next US story:
     * Negotiators optimistic about tobacco talks - June 18, 1997
  Related stories:
     * CNN - Federal jury convicts 12 suspected Mexican Mafia members -
       May 30, 1997
     * CNN - Mob bosses took a beating last year - Jan. 3, 1997
  Related sites:
     * US Mafia, Short History & Key Players
          + Patriarca, Raymond L.S.
     * CSS Organized Crime Menu
     * Gangsters!
     * The New Mafia Order A history of the mafia from Mother Jones
       Magazine
     * GANG LAND: The Jerry Capeci Web Page
       Search for related CNN stories:
     ________________________________________   ______ [Help]
     Tip: You can restrict your search to the title of a document.
     Infoseek grfk
     Example: title:New Year's Resolutions
      rule Message Boards   Sound off on our message boards
     Tell us what you think!
     You said it... [INLINE] Start your retirement planning using
     Portrait Planning. Click Here. rule
   To the top     1997 Cable News Network, Inc.
   All Rights Reserved.
        Terms under which this service is provided to you.

@_date: 1997-03-27 17:35:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Microsoft ammunition (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Mix this with the distributed processing model of Plan 9 and you may just
have tomorrows computer environment.
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-05 12:02:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: http:--www.cnn.com-TECH-9705-04-web.libel.ap- 
CNN logo    navigation    Infoseek/Big Yellow    Pathfinder/Warner Bros    Tech banner Puzzled about doing real business on the Web?      rule
              CAUTION: ANYTHING YOU POST MAY BE USED AGAINST YOU
      Libel May 4, 1997
     Web posted at: 9:51 p.m. EDT (0151 GMT)
     In this story:
     * When slander becomes libel
     * Privacy issues      * E-mail can make it a federal issue      * The wrath of large corporations      (AP) -- When the Founding Fathers wrote the First Amendment
     protectingfreedom of the press, they never imagined millions of
     Americanswould someday have their own version of one sitting in
     their backrooms.
     But with the advent of the World Wide Web, that's exactly whathas
     happened. And from this revolution has emerged a new legalquandary:
     Just what standards are private individuals to be held towhen it
     comes to what they "publish" on the millions of Web pagesand other
     online forums that serve as the world's soapbox?
     To a great extent, the answer thus far is this: No one knows.With
     the Web revolution less than 3 years old, a body of case lawhasn't
     yet been built up. But lawyers who study online issues dohave some
     observations -- and advice.
   When slander becomes libel
     First off, they note, the line between slander, once the realmof
     individuals, and libel, the bane of publishers, has beenblurred. It
     used to be that spreading malicious gossip aboutsomeone down at the
     barbershop could lead to charges of slander.But slander, by
     definition spoken, was hard to prove and generallydidn't reach
     enough people to do any major harm.
     Post that same information where it can be read by millionsonline,
     however, and you've suddenly entered the realm of libel --governed
     by stricter laws originally written to cover printpublications.
     "Let's face it," says Mark Rasch, director of informationsecurity
     law and policy at the Center for Information Protection atScience
     Applications International Corp. in McLean, Virginia. "If I wereto
     print up a handbill saying bad things about my neighbor thatwere
     false, at most I could distribute a couple of hundred of them.With
     the Web, I can now damage his reputation worldwide."
     The law is clear: Libel consists of publishing a false anddefamatory
     statement about an identifiable person, causing injuryto the
     subject's reputation. Often tied to it is the legal notionof
     defamation, defined as that which exposes a person to
     hatred,ridicule or contempt, causing them to be shunned or injuring
     theirbusiness or calling.
     Truth is always a defense against libel, so if your Web pagesays
     someone has two heads and they do, you're fine. But saythey're a
     murderer and you can expect someone to come asking forsome proof --
     and possibly a bill for damages if you don't have any.
   Privacy issues
     Then, there's invasion of privacy. It's one thing to pass alonga
     juicy bit of gossip to a friend. It's quite another to post it tothe
     Web.
     "Let's say, for instance, you disclose some private fact
     aboutsomebody -- say, their medical records. Or you snuck into
     theirhouse and took a nudie photo of them and put it up on the Net.
     Thatwould be a no-no under civil law and they could sue for
     damages,"says David Banisar, staff counsel for the Electronic
     PrivacyInformation Center in Washington, D.C.
     Although few of these cases have actually gone to court,
     lawyersoften are called in when things get ugly.
     "I know of a few cases where the ex-husband and ex-wife havegone
     after each other on the Net," Banisar says. "In oneinstance, the
     ex-wife put up a diatribe page on what a scumbag hewas and how he
     wasn't paying his child support -- and gave out hisphone number so
     suitably angry women could take it up with him."
     Remember, too, that the Internet's reach magnifies everything inthe
     eyes of the law.
   E-mail can make it a federal issue
     Shouting "You jerk, I'm gonna belt you one!" at a carelessdriver who
     runs over your mailbox won't get you into trouble. Butposting the
     threat on the Internet is dangerous. It's all aquestion of reach:
     Anything done over a telecommunications deviceis automatically an
     interstate communication.
     "This suddenly makes it a federal issue if you e-mail,"Banisar
     warns.
     State statutes vary, but when federal laws come into effect,
     anycommunication containing a threat to kidnap or injure a
     personcarries with it the possibility of imprisonment up to five
     years ora fine of up to $1,000.
     And an entirely different level of concern pops up when theobject of
     the threat is an elected official. Like the "no jokes"signs posted
     by airport metal detectors, the FBI has no sense ofhumor when it
     comes to threatening officeholders.
     "We can't forget all those idiots arrested for sending threatsto the
     president. So don't send threats to the president overe-mail. It's a
     federal crime," Banisar says.
     Fraud is another sticking point. It's illegal everywhere, ofcourse.
     But the Federal Trade Commission has taken an especiallyhard line
     against fraud on the Net. Send a snail-mail chain letterasking for
     money and you might get a call from postal authorities.Try it on the
     Web, however, and you'll be investigated by the FTCforces who track
     online scammers.
   The wrath of large corporations
     But in the end, the biggest vulnerability of any self-publisheron
     the Web is probably the wrath of large corporations.
     You can say their logos are ugly and their presidents are jerksand
     they don't flinch. But try using any variety of a heavilytrademarked
     name or image on your site and watch the injunctionsflow.
     Generally speaking, it's other businesses who get into trouble.But,
     once in a while, an individual will set out to make a point --and
     get a legally phrased e-mail in response. Several cases haveresulted
     in Web sites' being taken down, including individuals whoposted
     statements against Kmart and McDonald's.
     Overall, remember that putting words or pictures up on your Webpage
     is just like publishing them in the newspaper.
     Use Rasch's simple test: "What you should avoid putting on theWeb is
     the same stuff you'd avoid putting on leaflets and handingout on the
     street."
     Copyright 1997   The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This
     material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or
     redistributed.      rule
  Related sites and stories:
     * The Communications Decency Act: Related sites and stories - June
       12, 1996
     External sites are not endorsed by CNN Interactive. rule
     Watch these shows on CNN for more sci-tech stories:
     CNN Computer Connection | Future Watch | Science & Technology Week
     rule Message Boards   Sound off on our message boards
     Tell us what you think!
     You said it... [INLINE] Puzzled about doing real business on the
     Web? rule
   To the top     1997 Cable News Network, Inc.
   All Rights Reserved.
        Terms under which this service is provided to you.

@_date: 1997-05-14 09:08:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: KKK derails crypto bill, report from House Judiciary... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Blacks could go back to being niggers.
Women could go back to being barefoot and pregnant
Talk about statest.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-14 09:11:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "The policeman inside" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That isn't freedom, its emotional gratification. Freedom would be not having
to worry about them in the first place.
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-14 09:50:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Interlinked Cypherpunks Lists? (fwd) 
Sounds like time to start another list subscribed to the existing nodes
and offer such services to the subscribers at the operators whim.
I oppose any action which would force the list to become more 'cooperative'
in the sense that each node operator would be forced (sorta anti-cpunks I
believe) to comply with some set of scripts and such they didn't develop in
the first place. It would be just another means to limit the ability of
people in general, and the cpunks in particular, to communicate with as
little structure and 'authority' as possible. Unless I am seriously
mistaken on this, the point was to make the list more robust and less
centralized. Pretty soon we'll have to join some damn union or something.
Now some of you are going to say that this is taking it to extremes. That
what is being proposed is a good thing and not something that could be used
to 'manipulate' the lists. The road to hell is paved with good intentions,
and the guy driving the paving truck only wants to help you (as he paves
your petunia's).
This again is anti-cpunks, it forces a level of cooperation and information
sharing that is in direct opposition to beliefs in anonymity and privacy.
I don't want it known who is subscribed to lists through SSZ, in short:
It isn't any of your damn business and quit asking.
Solution? Get a life or start an archive site.
As do freedom, privacy, anonymity, etc.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-14 10:10:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: KKK derails crypto bill, report from House Judiciary... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Constitutional Amendments are general passed by Congress. Hence, your
statement taken literaly is advocating a great deal of good that has come
from such actions.
I was a small boy in the 60's in and around Houston. I remember what
it was like before and after the desegregation that took place in the
mid-60's when I started elementary. I can promise you from personal
experience there were still seperate washrooms and fountains. Sweeney, Tx.
still had a sign on Interstate 90 that said (and I quote) "If you are black
don't let the sun set on you in Sweeney." (the sign was on private property
adjacent to the interstate I found out years later)
As to a little modern social commentary. Ride the city bus in your town for
1 month each day. During that time keep track of where people sit. Would you
like to explain why the majority of blacks still sit in the back of the bus?
And for those who are white with real cajones, walk into a black bar around
1AM on a Sunday.
Absolutely, as is their Constitutionaly protected right. THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT AND EVERY OTHER FORM OF SOCIAL AND LEGAL INSTITUTION SHOULD NOT
EVER, PERIOD. Private individuals and companies should, and can,
discriminate to their hearts content. I personaly wouldn't deal with a
business that I knew a priori discriminated against employees or customers
based on sex, religion, etc. as a matter of standard policy. I suspect that
most others with 2 halves of a clue to rub together would refuse as well.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-14 10:11:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: KKK derails crypto bill, report from House Judiciary... (fwd) (correction) 
Forwarded message:
Insert 'eliminating' between 'advocating' and 'a great' on the second line.

@_date: 1997-05-14 10:21:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Interlinked Cypherpunks Lists? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Exactly, pity that isn't what you stated in the first place.
Sorta defeats the whole concept of 'inter-linked lists' doesn't it? The
point was to make it easy for ANYONE who wanted to participate. If you
exclude parties because they won't do it 'your' way what is the difference?
Nada, null, nill, zero, nothing.
I can see it now; "oh, if you want to be a member you have to run this
set of scripts that automaticaly subscribes you to the other lists and you
can expect repeated querries of your subscription database. Oh, by the way
you are also agreeing to have other lists subscribe and unsubscribe their
user lists to your site at their operators whim. Oh yeah, and if they get
really clever they can have you shipping subscription lists of your
membership all over the place as well."
Sounds so much like the FBI going to the library for loan records and
denial of service attack it isn't even funny.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-15 11:59:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.321 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <9705141424.AA09540 at aip.org>
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 321 May 13, 1997   by Phillip F. Schewe and Ben Stein
A PHOTON CONVEYOR BELT has been created using sound
waves and lasers, bringing about a new method for processing and
storing light signals on a chip.  In some opto-electronic devices it
is desirable to delay or store an optically-encoded message by
dispatching it down kilometer-long fiber cul-de-sacs.  In a device
developed at the University of Munich, the delay can be
accomplished more compactly by first converting the light into a
splash of excitons (electron-hole pairs) which propagate at a more
leisurely pace, the electrons and holes surfing along on different
parts of a guiding acoustic wave.  Later the electron-hole pairs
recombine into photons, which are read out at the other end of the
sample.  In effect the signal has been converted from a speed-of-
light wave into a speed-of-sound wave, and back again.  This
technique is also a way of prolonging the lifetime of excitons,
which typically live for mere nanoseconds before recombining; in
this experiment they have now been preserved for microseconds.
(C.  Rocke et al., Physical Review Letters, 19 May 1997; contact
Achim Wixforth, Achim.Wixforth animation at THE QUANTUM WAVEFUNCTION OF A MATTER WAVE,
the complete mathematical description of a quantum system, has
been experimentally reconstructed for the first time.   Trapping a
single beryllium ion in electric fields, Dietrich Leibfried and his
colleagues at NIST created a state in which the ion has exactly one
quantum of vibrational energy. Determining the wavefunction,
which contains all the knowable information about this system, is
difficult because the uncertainty principle says that measuring its
position alters its momentum and vice versa.   But by preparing the
same quantum state 500,000 times and making a different
measurement each time, the researchers sidestepped this limitation
and reconstructed piecemeal the probability for the ion to have
certain values of position and momentum.  Known as the Wigner
function, this "quasiprobability" distribution can be mathematically
transformed into an average quantum wavefunction for the system
which, the researchers argue, is nearly identical to the actual
wavefunction. The NIST researchers were the first to measure
negative Wigner function values for certain coordinates of position
and momentum--something that can only happen for quantum
systems; this reflects the fact that the system can exist in many
states simultaneously. (Physical Review Letters, 18 November
1996.)   Subsequently, physicists at the University of Konstanz in
Germany measured the Wigner function of a matter wave traveling
in free space--a helium atom traversing a pair of slits.  (Nature, 13
March; also Science News, March 15.)
PHYSICISTS ARE 46 YEARS OLD AND MAKE $65,000 A
YEAR.  These are median values for a PhD physicist in  the U.S.
in 1996.  Those who work at federal labs made the most (median $78,500), even more than in industry (median $77,000); those at 4-year colleges made the least, with a median of $49,200. Geographically, median salaries ranged from $70,000 (Pacific
states) to $56,200 (East South Central). New PhD's earn $31,000
at universties and $39,600 at federal labs.  Salaries for female
physicists who have earned the PhD in the past 10 years are
comparable to salaries for male physicists with similar experience
("Society Membership Survey: Salaries 1996," a report issued in
April by the AIP Education and Employment Statistics Division;
contact Ray Chu, rchu at aip.org)

@_date: 1997-05-18 09:23:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: index.html 
CNN logo    WORLD navbar    Infoseek/Big Yellow    Pathfinder/Warner Bros    World banner Alan Greenspan. Is he the man with the golden touch?      rule
     usa.nightmare --From Danish newspaper Ekstrabladet
                DENMARK: U.S. OFFICIALS OVER-REACTED OVER BABY
     May 17, 1997
     Web posted at: 1:33 p.m. EDT (1733 GMT) restaurant
     COPENHAGEN, Denmark (Reuter) -- Denmark's foreign minister said
     Saturday that a Danish mother had been foolish to leave her baby
     daughter outside a New York restaurant, but U.S. authorities who
     jailed her for two days had over-reacted.
     Danish newspapers ran front-page pictures of actress Annette
     Sorensen and 14-month-old daughter Liv after a New York City judge
     Friday dropped criminal charges against the mother.
     "USA Nightmare over - Free," Ekstrabladet's headline read."We Won,"
     crowed rival tabloid B.T. reunion
     Sorensen was jailed for two days last weekend and her baby put into
     foster care for four days. She had left Liv parked in a stroller
     outside a restaurant while she and the child's American father were
     having a drink and watching her through the window.
     "It was rash of the mother to leave her child in an American city.
     It is not clever but is perhaps excusable because she was not really
     aware of the danger," Foreign Minister Niels Helveg Petersen told
     B.T.
     "But the American authorities over-reacted because this was not a
     case of a mother who could be accused of neglecting her child, it's
     completely out of proportion," he added.
     Ekstrabladet quoted Sorensen, 30, as saying that she bore no
     animosity over the affair. denmark
     "I'm not quite myself again yet, but I am not bitter toward the
     United States (although) I honestly can't say if I will ever come
     back again," she told the paper, holding Liv in her arms, at a
     champagne celebration in New York's Danish Seamen's Church.
     Under terms of the deal reached before Judge Michael Gross by her
     attorney, the Manhattan District Attorney and the Danish Consulate,
     the criminal charges of endangering the welfare of a child were
     dismissed and the case will be closed for good in six months.
     "It is our belief that this was a clash of cultures and a lack of
     understanding," her attorney Todd Barnet said.
     The mother's lawyers said that she did not think twice about leaving
     the child outside the restaurant because it was common practice in
     Copenhagen.
     Sorensen still must appear in Family Court Wednesday but B.T. quoted
     a lawyer for the Danish Consulate in New York, Peter
     Hessellund-Jensen, as saying that he foresaw no problems.
     "I am convinced that the hearing is only a formality," he said.
     Sorensen's attorney says she has a plane ticket to leave the United
     States May 27. She had been in the country less than 48 hours when
     her daughter was taken from her.
     Copyright 1997 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved.  rule
  Related stories:
     * Charges against Danish mother effectively dropped - May 16, 1997
     * Women charged with leaving baby outside while dining in restaurant
       - May 13, 1997
     * New York returns baby to Danish mother - May 13, 1997
      rule Message Boards   Sound off on our message boards
     Tell us what you think!
     You said it... [INLINE] Alan Greenspan. Is he the man with the
     golden touch? rule
   To the top     1997 Cable News Network, Inc.
   All Rights Reserved.
        Terms under which this service is provided to you.

@_date: 1997-05-21 10:12:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: In my opinion .... (fwd) 
Fount this interesting for traffic on a RPG ML...
                                               Jim Choate
                                               CyberTects
                                               ravage at ssz.com
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1997-05-21 10:17:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Lethality, guns, knives, & reality 
Forwarded message:
The last time I looked at the FBI stats on homicide deaths by beatings with
clubs, hands, and feet were much larger than homicides by gun or knife.
trivial dribble:
Nifty thing I found out today is that the cleaner that I use on my
whiteboard at work burns quite rapidly.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-21 10:17:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The USA is the world's biggest terrorist state (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I would be interested in someones itemized list regarding this matter. In
particular I would be interested in the paper-trail of proof used in making
the assertions.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-21 10:50:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.322 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <9705201314.AA25712 at aip.org>
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 322 May 20, 1997   by Phillip F. Schewe and Ben Stein
IN QUANTUM CASCADE LASERS electrons are put in a
barrel, as it were, and sent over a series of waterfalls.  Instead of
recombining with holes to create photons, as in conventional
semiconductor lasers (one injected electron resulting in one
photon), electrons in a QC laser pass through a succession of
closely coordinated quantum wells---each well consisting of a
sandwich of semiconductor layers---unloading energy as they go,
in the form of photons (one electron creating 25 photons, one for
each stage in the stack). QC lasers are unique in that the output
light wavelength is determined not by semiconductor chemistry
(the type of materials used) but by the thickness and spacing of
the layers (sometimes only a few atoms thick). Cascade lasers,
first developed in 1994 by Federico Capasso and Jerome Faist at
Bell Labs, can operate in the mid infrared wavelength region (4-
12 microns).  This technologically important range is currently
being served primarily by low-power lasers which can only work
at low temperatures. By contrast, Bell Labs' new QC laser can
not only operate at room temperature with high output power (60
mW, with even higher power evident in recent experiments) but
can also be tuned to a single wavelength through the use of
gratings within the laser.  These features will allow scientists in
the field to carry out remote chemical sensing (of, say, pollutants
present at parts-per-billion levels)  by selectively exciting, and
detecting, specific chemical species. (Jerome Faist et al., Applied
Physics Letters, 19 May 1997; and a talk at this week's
Conference on Lasers and Electro-Optics in Baltimore.)
ZERO-DIMENSIONAL METALS are studied by physicists at
Harvard.  In general, reducing the dimensionality of an object
makes its quantum nature more manifest.  In a semiconductor,
for example, confining mobile electrons to a plane (2D) or a wire
(1D) or a dot (0D) enforces an ever sharper limit on the allowed
energies, and this can be exploited in producing compact and
highly controllable electronic devices.  The Harvard scientists
(contact Dan Ralph, now at Cornell, ralph at msc.cornell.edu)
have succeeded in attaching leads to 10-nm-sized metal particles;
this allows them to apply a gate voltage which turns the tiny
particle into a transistor. Unlike semiconductor dots, the metal
nanoparticle can be made magnetic or superconducting, allowing
forces inside the sample to be analyzed. Indeed, with this speck
of aluminum, the discrete quantum-mechanical spectrum of
electrons in a metal have been measured more accurately than
ever before. One can watch the electron spectrum even as
magnetic fields break up the superconducting state. (D.C. Ralph
et al., upcoming in Physical Review Letters, 26 May 1997.)
GAMMA RAY BURSTERS HAVE REVEALED
THEMSELVES at optical and radio wavelengths.  Astronomers
have sought to establish whether these once-only gamma sources
were near at hand (in the halo of our galaxy) or resident in distant
galaxies.  On May 8 the BeppoSAX satellite spotted a new GRB
at gamma wavelengths.  Alert Caltech scientists soon viewed the
same object with the Palomar and Keck optical telescopes,
establishing from the redshift that the object was some billions of
light years away.  Meanwhile, the Very Large Array radio
telescope has also glimpsed the object.  As of last week the
visible signal was decreasing and the radio signal increasing in
intensity.  (Press releases from Caltech (May 14) and VLA (May

@_date: 1997-05-21 12:45:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: encryption laws (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If they had reasonable cause to believe you had knowledge of the key and
were refusing to divulge it under direct order of the court you would be
held in contempt until you were very old and gray.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-22 09:18:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: encryption laws (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The 5th ONLY applies if you are being accussed AND immunity is not granted.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-22 09:23:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: encryption laws (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Your contention is that the longest a judge can hold you on contempt charges
is two years? I would love to see a reference on this one.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-22 09:38:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: encryption laws (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The 5th is meant to apply ONLY to persons being accussed of a crime, it is
not nor was it ever meant to protect non-accussed persons from turning over
evidence of criminal acts.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-22 09:41:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Compelling a key (fwd) 
Hi Tim,
And here I was believing your speal about being in your kill file, oh well.
It must be true that nothing is sacred.
Forwarded message:
Citing the 5th ONLY works if no immunity from prosecution for the results
is offered. If the judge offers and you refuse, don't worry about buying
toothpaste for many years.
Saying you 'forgot' will not keep you out of jail on contempt. It might
buy you sympathy from the jury but then again, they have nothing to say
about contempt charges.
Exactly! It is ENTIRELY up to the individual judge who issued the contempt
citation. If they are pissed enough 2 years will be nothing. As far as I
have been able to find there are NO statutes, other than that of a statute
of limitation for a particular type of crime, that limit how long you can
sit in jail on contempt.
The only way you would get out in that case would be to file with the
appropriate courts for a writ of habeas corpus.
                                                  Jim Choate
                                                  CyberTects
                                                  ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-23 09:50:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "You have the right to remain silent" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
They can arrest you at will w/ or w/o probable cause. If they can't produce
probable cause at your hearing then a writ of habeas corpus comes into play.
They can't CHARGE you without probable cause, minor but important
distinction. As I understand it, the charges that are recorded when you
first go to the police station are not 'official' until your hearing and
a judge signs the paperwork.
The police can even arrest you as a witness or for 'protective custody'
and then even the habeas corpus gets murky because no charges are filed.
If they can convince a judge to go along they can even hold you in
According to the 5th(?) Federal District you don't even have to do that unless
you are driving a vehicle or otherwise operating under a public license.
This particular point if kept in mind changes the interpretation of the
Constitution considerably. It also puts such actions as making it illegal
for citizens to own assault weapons but the police can questionable since
the constitution does not draw a distinction between law enforcement and the
citizenry, as it does with the judicial, legistlative and executive bodies.
It therefore follows that if I as Joe Citizen can't do it then a police
officer can't either since they have no constitutional rights that I don't
and the 10th Amendment prohibits expansion of federal power (and by
extension of the 14th, states) by anything other than that proscribed in the
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-23 10:28:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "You have the right to remain silent" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not exactly true. The police can take various body samples and other
'physical characteristics' (eg hand writing) for determination of issues
involved in a case without you being able to refuse under the 5th. Also, if
you are not being accussed of any crime then the 5th can't protect you,
unless you want to admit tacit involvment in some criminal activity. Which I
am sure to some mindsets is sufficient probable cause.
In many states, such as Texas, citizenry are required by law to report any
commission of a felony. Not doing so can itself be a felony.
Most swords cut both ways...
An interesting aspect of the 5th and physical sample taking is the way the
line is drawn between what is permitted and what isn't. Historicaly it has
been just fine for a cop to shove his finger down your throat to grab that
black molly but verboten to pump your stomach. It is generaly felt that
pumping your stomach is 'too' invasive. What I would like to know is what is
the record since that ruling of the farthest down somebodies throat
evidence has been legaly removed from and beyond which its legitimacy is
consistently denied.
Interesting issue regarding fingerprints for drivers license and the 5th
that has to my research remained untested is that the fingerprints were
taken while under no suggestion of wrongdoing and with no Miranda. Yet these
can be used as evidence in criminal cases even at the federal level. Now it
might be argued that if not explicitly stated there is an implicit contract
with the state government and the individual regarding the use in criminal
proceedings. But since the 14th does not work in reverse there can not be
any implicit federal contract. Can the interstate commerce clause be
extended to this?
They were prime suspects the moment the operator answered the 911 line.
Meaning that 66% of the time they will get the culprit. Sounds like a good
strategy to me for clearing 66% of the cases quickly.
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-23 10:34:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "You have the right to remain silent" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If they ask you questions regarding the commission of a crime the 5th will
not protect you unless you were involved. The flip side to this that
protects this 'hole' from being catastrophic is that you don't have to talk
to the police at all unless accussed of a crime. They most certainly can
take physical evidence from 3rd parties (ie hostile witnesses) which they
believe are involved in some manner with the crime (ie entering your
apartment to track the path of a bullet in the hopes of retrieving it).
Refusing to answer the questions of the prosecutor while under oath has its
own consequences. What really keeps it from getting out of hand is the cost
of interviewing and calling all possible witnesses to some crime. Just
imagine calling everyone on the floor of a murder as SOP.
As I understand it that is correct.
If they are truly innocent, what could they possibly have to say other than
"Please find the killer of our daughter" and "We didn't do it." Innocent
people have little to say, the guilty need to convince us of their
"Me thinks he protest too much."
                I have no idea
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-23 10:56:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Police & military access 
It occured to me that if the police have no civil liberties extending beyond
that of a citizen and citizens are not legaly permitted access to military
hardware then neither should the police.
If this applied then it would not be legal for police to have access to any
sort of communication or encryption technology that was not available to the
normal citizen.
If a police officer can buy body armor and automatic weapons for self
defence then so can a citizen.
If a police officer can search a suspect for weapons "to protect their person"
and confiscate or otherwise remove them from the immediate vicinity then a
normal citizen should require a police officer to do the same. In other
words, once it is established that the suspect is not armed the police
officer should be required to place their weapon in their vehicle or
othewise secure it off their person.
So, the question of the hour is:
Do police have any civil rights not endowed to a individual citizen?
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-23 11:19:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: index.html 
CNN logo    US navbar    Infoseek/Big Yellow    Pathfinder/Warner Bros    Main banner Samsung. Meeting the challenge.      rule
                    WOMAN TRIES TO SELL KIDNEY TO PAY BILL
      sparrow May 22, 1997
     Web posted at: 10:59 a.m. EDT (1459 GMT)
     ST. PETERSBURG, Florida (CNN) -- Faced with a $25,000 bill for gall
     bladder surgery, a Florida woman placed an ad in a local newspaper
     to sell her kidney to cover the surgery. But there's a big problem
     with her plan: It's illegal.
     "KIDNEY Runs good, Taking offers. $30,000/obo," read the
     advertisement in this week's St. Petersburg Times.
     Ruth Sparrow isn't joking either. She has been drinking buckets of
     water for more than two months to clean out the organ, prepping it
     for donation.
     "I'm not doing it for a profit," she told CNN-affiliate WTVT in
     Tampa. "You're trading a damn kidney for a gall bladder." icon
     (85K/6 sec. AIFF or WAV sound)
     Sparrow, a 55-year-old nurse, said she told doctors before the
     surgery that she would be unable to pay the bill and offered to pay
     the bill by donating her kidney. The offer was refused, she said.
     movie icon (331K/28 sec. QuickTime movie)
     Federal and state laws prohibit anyone from offering buy or sell a
     human organ or tissue. In Florida, the offense is a second-degree
     felony. medical.center
     Jean Layne of Lifelink of Florida, a tissue recovery organization,
     explained that the reason for the law is "not to disadvantage
     families who do not have a lot of money, allowing everyone equal
     access to transplantation."
     Bayfront Medical Center, where the gall bladder surgery was
     performed, was stunned when notified of the ad. It said Sparrow owes
     about $17,000 on the bill and that the medical center is "trying to
     get her qualified for some type of assistance."
     Sparrow dropped her medical insurance four years ago because she
     could not afford the $4,000-a-year premium.
     She said it's unfair that taxpayers pick up the tab for criminals'
     medical expenses, while she could get punished for her tactic. icon
     (145K/12 sec. AIFF or WAV sound) She also emphasized that she did
     not know it was illegal to run the ad.
     "I just want to live in my own little hovel and pay my bills like
     everybody else," she said. "I don't want to owe anybody."
     From CNN-affiliate WTVT Reporter Stan Jayson       rule CNN Plus      * Consumer News - Fitness and Health
  Related story:
     * Florida man offers to 'lease' a kidney - April 2, 1997
  Related sites:
     Note: Pages will open in a new browser window
     * The St. Petersburg Times
     * Bayfront Medical Center
     * United Network for Organ Sharing Transplantation Information Site
     * American Share Foundation - organ donation and transplantation
       information
     External sites are not endorsed by CNN Interactive. rule Message
     Boards   Sound off on our message boards
     Tell us what you think!
     You said it... [INLINE] Samsung. Meeting the challenge. rule
   To the top     1997 Cable News Network, Inc.
   All Rights Reserved.
        Terms under which this service is provided to you.

@_date: 1997-05-24 09:42:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Police & military access (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Absolutely, but those statutes MUST be referencable back to the
Constitution. Something I freely admit is not the current case. If it were
the current case this would be a very quite mailing list indeed.
What a citizen can and can't do with a weapon is covered in the 2nd. It includes police. If I as a citizen can't have object x then a police officer
can't have it, constitutionaly.
Absolutely, and if you are infering that I at any time in my life have EVER
asserted that my speculation was the case then you need to take a reading
comprehension course (as well as reflect on what the entire discussion on
cypherpunks truly is at the core).
What *should* be the case is the whole damn point.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-24 09:54:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SIGH Kent clueless again(was Re: spam is a good thing (was Re: Spam IS Free Speech)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is the whole point of a firewall after all. Simply connecting your
cable to a publicly accessible source implies no more than having your
driveway end in a public street. It is NOT an open invitation to stroll
through your living room.
This is certainly the exact case between myself and my provider for SSZ.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-24 10:22:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Police & military access (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
They considered such a state instrumentality in the army, the precise reason
they didn't want a standing army in the first place (ie 2yr. limit on ALL
military spending, something flaunted openly). They clearly didn't want such
instrumentalities used by peace time forces and considering the
constitutional ban on using military forces inside the borders of the US it
seems clear they didn't want them used against the citizenry, period.
You should read "Dad's Nuke".
At this time Simon De' Laplace was forming his first writings regarding how
the sun worked. It discussed gaseous compression and its 'lighting'. Just
about everything else in the paper was wrong.
Tell that to all the Indians they intentionaly killed with smallpox infected
blankets and their commen cold. While they did't didn't have a clue to the
actual process they were well aware of how to deal with the diseases.
I would say my experience is that the relative cluelessness held by the
users of their technology clearly matched those we now trust with it.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-24 10:39:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Police & military access (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which principle is clear? That police like to confuse the issue as much as
possible to their advantage?
Of course it is a matter of civil rights. The police are a representative of
the CIVIL authorities, you have truly missed the entire point of the
True, but there is NO law that can dictate which doctor I choose let alone
if I choose one at all. At least there I have a choice, because of this the
comparison you are trying to draw is broke.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-24 10:54:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: carbon fibers (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Carbon is commenly used in electronics because when compressed it generates
a small voltage, ala your phone receiver.
It can be both a insulator or a conductor depending on how one fills the
outer valence band. Because its 'natural' state is -4 (it has 8 positions
and only 4 are filled with electrons) it makes a fair conductor. Yet, it is
not listed in most Activity Series for metals. I believe the idea is that
since it is a reasonable conductor that when it falls across parallel lands
on the pcb of a cpu it will short the lines. This would not only affect the
reliability of the data because of current leakage but might in some cases
cause an actual failure because of incorrect voltage or current.
Some relevant physical data to consider: [1]
Data from the Periodic Table:
Carbon (C)
Valences     +2, +4, -4
2.62 g/cm^3 @ STP
M.P.  4100
B.P.  4470
Hexagonal crystal structure
Electronegativity 2.55 (metal)
(if anyone can find the conductivity I would appreciate it, it wasn't in
[1] or the CRC that I have)
[1] The Addison-Wesley Science Handbook: For scientists, writers, and
                                         science buffs
    G.J. Coleman, D. Dewar
    ISBN 0-201-76652-3
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-24 13:18:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: System Attack & FBI (fwd) 
For your amusement.
                                       Jim Choate
                                       CyberTects
                                       ravage at ssz.com
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1997-05-24 21:38:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: System Attack & FBI (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The cracker installed nothing. From the first time they used the bbixler
account I have known of them.
Another interesting aspect is that since taking on the CDR I have had 3
attacks (previous ones were denial of service) while in the year previous
to that I had only one. I think there is an object lesson buried in there
What I want to know is if he ever realized he was running on a 486DX2/80
w/ 24M of RAM, 1G of hard-drive, and a version of Linux that is over 2 years
old? What a rube...
The bbixler account was a trip-wire with a very silly password intentionaly
left there (as are several others) just waiting for some happy jack to find
one. I also do this with my IP's. It is actualy very effective.
I once nabbed a bozo from the Richardson, Tx AT&T office who was using my
system to get to other systems. I was monitoring the account and noticed an
email go out to a buddy of his with his office number in it. I called, he
shit bricks, I asked for money or that he desist from using my system. He
I also have a pretty quick re-install plan as well. I have a basic image
on a spare drive installed in the box. Swap cables and we are back up.
I can do a complete re-install and be configured in about 3 hours from CD
archives and the original source material which is on machines not on the
Internet (it's my Amiga 2000). This does not include the user home
dir's which I don't protect, with the users full knowledge and agreement.
Their data, their problem (I push fast cycle times, the use of off-line
encryption for security, and digital signing for authority); I provide
services only and TEMPORARY file storage on my file systems.
Linux on old 486's is wonderful!
                                                       Jim Choate
                                                       CyberTects
                                                       ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-24 21:44:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Too few cypherpunks nodes. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I agree fully. I know of at least one other indipendant node that will be
coming up in the near future. I am also in the process of putting in a
satellite location to my current site about 30 miles east of Austin to
better serve that part of the community. That site is intended among other
things to host backup servers for the various services of CyberTects. Among
these will be a server to run the various mailing lists in case of a primary
site incident. It will currently be connected via modem but a switch to ISDN
or ADSL is in the works. We also hope to kick the primary SSZ site up from
ISDN to ADSL in the near future as well. I can't at this time provide even
tentative go-live dates, but I will be digging a power trench there this
afternoon if it quits raining, then we have to install the phones and air
Things are improving but only slowly.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-24 22:57:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Too few cypherpunks nodes. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I don't even check, less than 100 for shure and probably less than 25.
Don't remember seeing that many notices of subscription to the cpunks list.
There are a LOT of info and help requests though.
True, but in that case they can simply walk in with a subpeonae and take it
as well, it is sitting there in a plain text file. The reason I do this is to
minimize spammings and other such attacks it is not to protect anyone from a
truly determined assault but rather from those marketing idiots out there
with no clue as to anything close to reasonable behaviour.
And yes, I realize that this can be defeated by simply subscribing to the
mailing list and watching your incoming as you reference above.
(Hint: I ain't a marketing weenie)
There are other boogey-men than just TLA's....who in my opinion are the
easiest to deal with.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-26 01:32:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR & SSZ 
I am in the process of expanding my business. While this will not effect the
stability of the Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer, in fact we hope to make it
more stable, it will mean some additional resources being available in the
near future. I unfortunately can't say more on this now.
However, I can say that 'CyberTects' will most likely cease to exist in a
matter of days. It will be subsumed in the creation of a newer and larger
business entity (we are currently fighting over the name). This new entity
will be taking on the SSZ network & its user base. I will still be directly
responsible for the operation and customer satisfaction of SSZ users.
There will be more announcements in the near future. However, if you have
specific questions (no answer promised) please feel free to send them to me.
                                                    Jim Choate
                                                    CyberTects
                                                    ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-26 01:47:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ Lag Test (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Timing responces from SSZ should probably be averaged about 8-10 times a day
for about a week to get a good idea of what to expect. The majority of the
time the system is not heavily using the ISDN nor are many users logged in.
However, two of my users transmit large blocks of data (one is video and the
other is a web-spider) w/o warning and make a significant impact. We also
tend to have very spikey web access.
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     ?
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-27 05:22:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mail problems (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Guitly as charged. I was only forwarding to cypherpunks at algebra.com, I have
corrected my short-sightedness and am now forwarding to
cypherpunks at cyberpass.net as well.
                                                      Jim Choate
                                                      CyberTects
                                                      ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-28 11:24:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Unexpected SSZ downtime... 
As some of you are aware, we are having a hell of a day concerning weather.
Not only are 300+ homes north of Austin simply not there any more thanks to
a monster twister (it even tore some of the slabs out of the ground) but we
have had a very wide power outage. At the current time SSZ and associated
systems are back up and working. We are expecting another heavy wave of
weather later tonite. If the current forcast is still set at midnite SSZ may
go down from midnite CST to around 7AM CST tomorrow.
Take care and some cover (if you can find it).
                                                     Jim Choate
                                                     CyberTects
                                                     ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1997-05-29 10:26:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ status 
SSZ seems to be stable since the power was restored where my ISP was
located. There should be no further service interruptions expected.
                                                   Jim Choate
                                                   CyberTects
                                                   ravage at ssz.com

@_date: 1998-12-03 22:00:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fwd: FC: Gun groups take aim at new FBI database (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Only if they can see it. Otherwise they'd need to execute a warrant to even
find it.
Park it in a garage or a niche in the backyard, problem solved.
There are legal restrictions on children buying anything. Technicaly the
sale isn't final without a guardians signature as co-signatory of the bill
of sale.
In most states the time limit and further instructions are on the vehicle
license. If you buy it via a loan then other terms may apply.
Unless it's an international license that is recognized by the US this isn't
true. Simply having a drivers license from England, for example, won't allow
you to drive a vehicle in any of the states anymore than your CA license
will let you drive legaly there.
Actualy as long as the owner isn't a resident (not the driver) and doesn't
stay in whatever state over some period set by the legislature then it is
permissible. In a lot of states it is between 30-90 days.
I'd bet the limit in CA is the residence time limit. I rather doubt that
anyone staying in CA 11 days automaticaly becomes a resident with a right
to vote in state elections and such.
It depends on the insurance limitations. My Bronco II is technicly
uninsured, and therefore illegal to drive, unless I am the driver.
In some cases even if the driver is licensed the owner still assumes
liability. At least here in Texas irrespective of who is driving the vehicle,
the owner is ultimately responsible for the vehicle. So if you loan it to
cousin Bippy and he has a wreck and runs away guess who gets to go to court
on leaving-the-scene charges. Now if you roll on Bippy the situation may
Move to Texas. You can still drive your unregistred, uninspected vehicle on
your own property at your own speed and have wrecks at your convenience
(within the constraints of your deed restrictions of course). Way too many
bubba's still live in Texas for this sort of stuff to go over at all.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-04 04:11:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested Reading 
Declarations of Independance: Cross-examining American ideology
Howard Zinn
ISBN 0-06-092108-0
$14.00 US
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-05 01:58:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Send email list - go to jail for life in China [/.] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-05 02:02:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ethical programming guild? [/.] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-05 08:55:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: y2k/gary north delusions (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Paris and London had populations of over a million each and didn't have a
sewer system. It was traditional for people to throw their chamber pots out
into the street along with the offal from the various animals.
The reality is that the folks who support the various systems would have
them no manual over-ride within 24 - 48 hours so the worst case scenario
won't happen. Countries that aren't automated won't notice the difference
and the city services that are won't be down more than a week.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-05 08:58:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: y2k/gary north delusions (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True, you don't have to water your grass and wash your car.
You won't do that sort of stuff for long. A couple of months at best before
you get skin infections and then it's down-hill from there.
It's pretty much a bogus point though since none of the systems like power,
water, and sewer won't be down more than a week at most.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-05 09:17:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: y2k/gary north delusions (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True enough, but that sort of stuff takes more than a week or two. The
various cities could go around setting up port-a-potties and latrines in
parks with plastic liners for easy removal, etc.
It isn't nearly the civilization shaking event some would make of it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-05 13:10:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: y2k/gary north delusions (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True enough. Power, water, police, fire, etc. will come back pretty quickly
if anyone notices it was ever down. The really poor won't notice anything.
The most effected would be the wealthy. There will be outbreaks in Compton
and similar ilk but by no stretch of the imagination will it become a
conflagration. That's the beauty of an armed populace. Even if the police
don't respond it'll burn out as the front of rioters thin with increasing
radius and the odds go down.
I'd bet the delivery of foodstuffs to the store wouldn't slow down one bit.
It's possible to run a combine without the GPS. The trucks are driven by
people, they're loaded by fork-lifts. And you'll need to hunt long and hard
for a commercial freezer with a clock in it.
I've never seen a damn that didn't have manual gate controls so flood
control and hydro-electric will come back pretty quickly. The actual switch
control panel in power plants have manual over-rides everywhere. Ditto for
electric power grids.
Mass transportation like trains and aircraft will be effected. Individual
transportation like cars won't stop.
Inconvenient and expensive, you betcha. The decline of western civilization,
not hardly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-05 13:22:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: the shit hitting the fan (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It's not the raw volume that's critical but rather the percentage of the
average personal space per inhabitant versus how much to store a weeks
worth. For the average person storing a weeks worth of solid waste in a
platic bag with bleach, lye, or similar material is reasonable.
I've gone on long duration camping trips of about a weeks length and the
storing and portage costs are not excessive (having a boat or horse helps
move it around).
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-06 04:57:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (eternity) democracy is a bad idea on the net too! (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
There is some window for abuse in this method. It allows a well endowed
entity to bias the information available. There is also the question of data
degredation, in the sense of worth, over time versus the archival/historical
worth of the data. Two major negatives to a free-market approach that are
never discussed.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-06 07:20:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DoJ investigates CIA [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-06 07:39:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: the shit hitting the fan (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It's not my choice, it's the law (for many national and state parks). You've
got to pach your pets if you take them along as well.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-07 00:13:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: China executes pager smugglers [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-07 00:16:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (eternity) democracy is a bad idea on the net too! (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And you drop it at that point. No, you do not adequately discuss the
ramification of the economic nor of the social and historic motives to drive
the long-term archiving of all data in the network.
The current Eternity model is brittle in several ways. The problem is the
current economic model that all its supporters are wedded to. If that model
changes and takes on the range of responsibilities (some of them outside a
simple profit/cost approach) that such a service should carry it would work.
I made reference to a couple of these in my responce to Adam so I won't
reitterate them here.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-07 00:17:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (eternity) cost metrics (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I'll agree that any system that relies on charging the originator of the
information, versus the user of the information, is flawed in this way.
Does your local grocery store charge the truck that delivers its tomato's?
Does a book publisher ask that the potential author pay for the book run and
advertising? Does the newspaper charge their reporters to put their articles
in the paper?
No, it allows a mechanism in the short-term for the Eternity market to be
manipulated by parties with a political interest and large buckets of cash.
The point of the cash is to provide a motivation to keep Eternity up, NOT a
measure of the worth of any specfic piece of information from the
perspective of the server operator, it's the users of that data that define
it's worth. That worth can and probably will have many facets that can't be
reflected in simple dollars and by definition outside the keen of the
Eternity networks current worth estimation model.
In the majority of cases the Eternity operator won't have a clue as to the
actual market worth of some data.
There is also the issue of information worth collapse once the data is
available off the Eternity network that hasn't been touched. This works to
the negative of the Eternity networks long-term goal.
For example, let's say a whistle-blower comes in with some juicy info. The
Eternity server network, through some mechanism that I've never seen
sufficiently described, determine that the originator must pay some amount
of money to post it. The data gets posted and users grab it over the next
few days. Then once it's available in the alternate channels (eg printed on
a webpage of a newspaper) the future market potential for the Eternity
servers goes through the floor.
This motivates the Eternity network to over-value the worth of data which
further keeps folks out.
Well, considering that Eternity doesn't do anything regarding archiving and
long-term storage there really isn't a worry here. All that's required is to
keep the price up until the window of relevance is gone. Then back out, the
price drops back to it's original cost but now that it's relevance is gone
it slowly (or not) fades away. Depending on the particular nature of the Actualy this is a complete change of track and irrelevant.
The POINT is that if there is a piece of information that I want to keep out
of the hands of others I simply go to server after server and ask for a
copy. This activity raises the price. Since I've got lots of cash and I want
that document to be expensive I continue to buy copies further inflating the
Straw man, if the Eternity servers have a clue as M Corp. buys more space
the server operators buy more drives to sell since their now in the data
space business and not the information brokering business. Hence M Corp. has
distracted the Eternity services from their primary operations.
So a workable strategy for M Corp. would be to inflate the price on the data
they want to hide as well as continue to dump monies into the Eternity
network buying space. Then at some point they abruptly stop their support
and the Eternity services collapse because they've now grown to such an
extent they can't survive without this artificial market manipulation. So
the Eternity servers go down, further obfuscating the original information
that M Corp wanted to hide.
The Eternity model also completely ignores the consequences of such a
manipulation in regards the re-building of a new service after the collapse.
The amount of trust that potential users have will be low further increasing
the difficulty of keeping the servers operating long-term.
Because the Eternity network relies only on the immediate short-term worth
of data it is brittle.
So, a primary ideal of the Eternity service is that as long as the data has
a worth below some level they'll drop it.
This is one of the reasons that a long-term service like this won't work. It
isn't reliable because I can't come back 50 or a 100 years from now to get a
piece of data unless there is sufficient interest by other parties to access
it as well.
This is short-sighted and limits the use of Eternity.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-07 22:45:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
5,000 years of human history bears this thesis out.
This is also their biggest weakness. It's one reason the US has never been
host to a large movement in the 20th century, outside the racist,
anti-communist, and pro-lifers (and the first two are pretty much dead)
because your neighbor probably doesn't go to the same church you do, probably
not from the same part of the country. The chances of an individual opening
up to their neighbor and getting a warm reception for bombing someplace is
pretty low.
Realisticaly, the only reason the pro-lifers get as warm a reception as they
do is so many people see it as hypocritical. It's ok to kill a killer is
their thinking, it is after all a form of pre-partum assissted self-defence.
Considering the rate at which they occur now there is zero rational reason
to believe these groups will cease any time in the near future.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-08 08:25:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: linux-gpib licensing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
X-Authentication-Warning: obelix.chemie.fu-berlin.de: majordomo set sender to owner-llp using -f
X-Mailer: XFMail 1.1 [p0] on Linux

@_date: 1998-12-08 10:12:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What freedom means... [Register] 
Forwarded message:
[much deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-08 11:47:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And this is different from yesterday how?
Are you offering to put up your monies to provide any and all legal and
other support for any such site that participates? When is your site going
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-08 22:06:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And Canada, France, England, China, South Africa, etc., etc., etc.
It was NEVER *just* the US.
And this reduces their footprint with their LEA's how?
Which doesn't change my original question one whit. What is Gilmore going to
do with his may resources to protect those who participate?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-08 22:12:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin  Walls (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Interesting aspect to a cypherpunks archive. Archive the software as well as
the technical documentation required to write it from scratch.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-08 22:15:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ah, so the call is for folks in Denmark to post the various pieces of
currently available software then, not everyone on the planet as it appears.
Don't think so.
He's asking that people put PGP and other available software on their
websites without the current export controls. If he's not then he's not
doing anything except blowing empty bugles because people are already doing
what he's asking for. In that situation he's after reputation capital,
personal gain.
Exactly what it states above. If you don't get it to bad.
RSAREF is not quite what he is asking folks to do now is it.
Bottem line, Gilmore is asking folks to run out and put their livelyhood and
their life at risk. What's he going to do for those who comply with his Let me ask you this Ulf, when is YOUR site going up? When will YOU be the
first European repeater for the CDR? Your address implies you're in Denmark.
What are you going to do for YOUR liberty today? Has Gilmore agreed to
help fund YOUR fight of the change in your courts?
Bottem line, when will you get off your butt and put your neck in the noose
like many of the rest of us?
The reality is that the change in Denmark's law changes the global picture
very little.
Now when Denmark quites letting people IMPORT PGP *and* places like the US
quite letting people export it in some media (currently paper & ink) then
you'll have cause to really be indignent.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-08 22:19:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
In other words, hide it. A distributed stego hash algorithm.
It quacks like a duck. It waddles like a duck. It swims like a duck.
It would actualy be criminal collusion and would give the LEA's in the
relevant areas the necessary reason (ie probable cause) to act in concert,
creating a bigger big brother.
Hardly a cpunks goal.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-08 23:18:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The problem with 'Gilmore's RSAREF' site... 
Here's the bottem line issue with Gilmore's RSAREF site.
It isn't Gilmore's, it's EFF's.
It isn't Gilmore's butt on the line as it would be for person who
participate in his call to action.
What's EFF going to do to protect those participants? Nothing.
What's Gilmore personaly going to do to protect those participants? Nothing.
He's asking others to put their butt in the line of fire while he sits
safely in a rear area.
In effect he's asking YOU to be cannon fodder for his rights.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 01:12:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The problem with 'Gilmore's RSAREF' site... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So, when do you bring your site with unconstrained access to PGP up?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 01:37:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Where? Where is there a country that has a social, economic, and legal
infrastructure of sufficient breadth but liberal views of speech to support
such an effort?
There are lots of little countries around but they have unstable
governments, no economy to speak of, limited telecommunications
infrastructure, etc.
It's fine and dandy to talk about this in the theoretic but the rubber has
to hit the road at some point.
There isn't such a country to be had.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 02:02:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Ber (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
Besides enraging, it should also include the necessary documents,
monographs, libraries, etc. to empower others to write the code within their
own legal boundaries.
If somebody makes the effort to compile such a list I'd like to personaly
request they include this in addition to finished product.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 02:25:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which is EXACTLY my point. People are being asked to put their butts on the
line with no infrastructure or plan for what happens when the LEA's show up.
Such poor planning is doomed to fail.
And look at their social, economic, and civil liberty records. Other than
Iceland not one area on  your list of places has sufficient resources of the
correct type to support this sort of effort.
Iceland is about the only place that has any hope at all.
Is there any move by any group to start some sort of archive there? Are
there any subscribers from Iceland on the CDR? If so, I'd like their view
on how realistic it would be to host a site in Iceland.
Which, again, is my point. What is Gilmore going to do when they decide to
make it illegal and start hassling these folks who were kind enough to back
him? What does he OWE them for their participation in HIS movement?
Hm, funny. Looks like EFF owns that site. Gilmore is doing nothing himself.
He's using EFF as a shield for personal liability. Why isn't he suggesting
that others do this instead of direct and personal action? Why is he not
running the gilmore.org site directly? Why isn't he looking at starting some
sort of international organization similar to EFF, or expanding EFF to do
this sort of stuff and at the same time provide the same sort of legal
shield he currently enjoys?
But John IS asking you, me, and others to help him.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 05:35:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The problem with 'Gilmore's RSAREF' site... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, what he's asking people to do is provide a mechanism for politicaly
controversial material to be made available in areas that are legal for
those who are in areas where it isn't legal. If you seriously wish to
propose that won't make you a target then you have no clue how LEA's work.
While he does this behind the legal protection of EFF he's asking others to
do it first person, something he apparently can't find the fortitude to do
himself. Further, he's not willing to extend his legal protection to help What an ignorant statement. When is YOUR CDR node going up (email accounts
are about $25/mo)? I've put up and continue to do so, when do you commit and then obtain the morale right to criticize others who are acting in their and
YOUR best interest? I'd guess never, that takes a committment.
Hell, if it wasn't for Igor and myself you wouldn't in all likelyhood even
have this place to bitch. It would have disappered over a year ago. Nobody
else (even the the co-creator TC May) was willing to save it. Now we've got
6 nodes (1 in Japan) which makes it very difficult to completely shut down
legaly, physicaly, or through acts of God (eg tree falls or fires).
You could put up a CDR node and finance it each month by smoking 1/4 ounce
less of your pot. It's cheap, cheap, cheap.
Piss off junior.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 05:40:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I suspect that with their reversal concerning anonymous numbered accounts
and other similar changes in their laws and their enforcement that none of
the fully developed countries in N. America, W. Europe, Pacific Rim would
be good candidates for this sort of shenanigan without some legal backing
from the get go. That leaves S. America, Africa, E. Europe, Middle East,
India, and China. Not a lot of hope there. If it's not political issues,
it's no economies, no modern infrastructure, religious, etc. Besides, do you really want to trust a country that funded the Nazi'a when
they claimed neutrality? There continues neutrality is a ruse because it's
convenient to trap those who aren't smart enough to ask why they manage to
survive when their neighbors are toast. And it ain't because the mountains
are high or everyone is armed. Just look at Barbarossa.
No, it isn't. I fund my entire site for about $600/mo out of my own pocket.
ISDN, DNS, 24 hour access, etc. That's cheap for fighting abuses of civil
liberties by organizations whose bugdets are measured in big-B's. My main
box (einstein) is a 486DX2/80 20M ram, 2G of drive running Linux 1.1.59 for
the last 4 years. I just gave away 10 Sun 3/60's and HP/Apollo 400's that
would be perfect for this sort of stuff except nobody is willing to do it.
People are always giving me machines in the hope that I can either do
something with them or can find somebody else who will; They're mighty rare
(the people that is).
I'm in the process of looking at DirectPC for a means to give my domain a
fully functional mobile site. I'm looking at a couple of hundred dollars a
month for that over a thousand or so for the hardware. Use Linux and run it
off your car (Ok, I've a Brono II so it's a bit more convenient) via a
converter. People are pretty intrigued when I put the dish in the back and
drive around. Setup is easy, pull the dish from the back and clamp it on the
baggage rack and site it. Hook a cell phone up for uplinks and sit back with
a 400k max downlink. What's really cool is the dish I've been playing with
has a DirectPC lmb and two DSS lmb's as well. The whole setup was less than
$500 (minus the DSS tuners).
I recognize that say $1k/mo. is a lot for most folks but the real interesting
question is why the better funded cpunks aren't doing this sort of stuff
when they claim such committment to the cause. Gilmore, TC May, etc. are
clearly financialy capable of such activities. Such organizations as EFF and
EF-Texas/Georgia clearly could raise these sorts of funds to further their
suggestions to the rest of us, yet they don't. The best we get from them is
requests for us to do it alone.
There are times when I read some of May, Gilmore, Declan, etc. missives and
wonder who it is they REALLY work for. Why is it they consistently don't
follow through on their own suggestions?
Yeah, two hours of work and it's there. Dirt simple.
I'm buying 3G drives for less than $200 and I checked with John Young's
archive and his entire archive is a tad over 200M. My guess is the entire
web contents regarding crypto could be put down in a couple of gigs.
Technical resources are not the issue. It's finding people who are willing
to put themselves in harms way for their beliefs. Very few people have the
strength of their convictions (most likely because they don't have any). I'd
say most folks are motivated by mental masturbation.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 05:54:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Power Outage in San Fransisco/bay area (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Damn, you beat me to it. I was going to post something about a dry run for
Y2K in San Fran.
Any rioting?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 07:26:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The problem with 'Gilmore's RSAREF' site... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I've asked many times from the local chapter and the answer was always no. The EFF has certainly never offered legal support to anyone in the 8 years
or so they've been in existance, well other than Steve Jackson perhaps (I'm
not sure if the EFF helped defray any of his court costs).
You should look into the history of civil disobedience then. The ONLY time
it works is when it is done via mass involvement. The NAACP and ACLU have
been quite effective within their limited areas of interest.
Your understanding of the history of civil disobedience is skewed at best. Then you should rethink your approach. Somebody asking to put your neck on
the block while they won't with their own is no contributor. I believe back
in the War of Indipendence THOSE people were called Tory.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 08:17:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Power Outage in San Fransisco/bay area (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Thanks for the feedback.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 14:26:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: German government press release on Wassenaar (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Is there any mention of wireless networking devices?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 21:54:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Because those are the issues that will determine success.
Which doesn't mean they won't hassle the operators with various techniques
in order to pursuade them it's a bad idea to continue.
They effect crypto by defintion.
If they don't have crypto laws it's likely they don't have a lot of other
sorts of laws and the social and economic structure those laws imply. This
makes it very difficult to operate a archive with any sort of stability or
And what about the costs and effects incurred by that person you so glibly
throw away?
There is NO financial problem. It costs hundreds of dollars to purchase the
hardware. The connectivity is less than $100 a month in most parts of the
world. It simply isn't expensive or economicaly challenging.
That ISN'T the problem and should recieve scant attention while these other
issues are extant.
Bottem line, if you can't afford to put up a box then you're not going to be
able to afford to deal with the other issues such activities incur mainly
because you're going to be too busy trying to pay your housing and food
costs. In that situation you've better things to do with your time then run
an archive site.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-09 22:44:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
for about 4-5 days so you can get a sample big enough to look for
under_the_radar_hacking. On the flip side you don't want to keep them longer
than that because they could be used in an incriminating manner, whether an
actual criminal act occured or not. I use the default buffer time (4 days)
for my mail package as my ttl value. Once that time is past the files are
bye bye.
If the security of the site is compromised then it's pretty worthless as an
The code shouldn't be signed by any of the archive sites, they shouldn't put
their butts on the line. The code should be signed by the originators of
same. This verifies that ALL the archive sites have the same package and not
individualy modified ones.
The archive sites should provide some sort of hash to verify successful
There isn't any way around this one. If the site is up and it's advertised
and publicly accessible then expect to be identified. Either the owner of
the domain/network resources you're using or your registration to the
relevant domain name authorities will provide ample pointers. Of course
there is the strategy of registering the domain for a year only and then
each year register a new one. Then you could provide bogus address and owner
information. This of course won't slow a packet sniffer down for long. Onion
and CROWDS won't help here unless you're connected directly to the
anonymizer. If you're that close they'll find you by following the wires.
You so glibly throw people away...it's better to fix a system such that
there is a legal ramification (ie resistance) for the LEA's applying the
pressure; a fight in court. Beside shutting the sites down another primary
goal of LEA's is to keep the conflict off the evening news. There is ample
evidence of LEA's dropping charges because the group made it known they were
going to use their day in court as a platform for espousing their agenda.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-10 02:31:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The politics of crypto archives 
Forwarded message:
 > Date: Wed, 09 Dec 1998 17:46:37 +0100
 > From: Mok-Kong Shen  > Subject: Re: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd)
 > Let there be a large number of sites. If part of these fail, there
 > are others that are successful. (Compare evolution.)
 But two sites don't reproduce to make a 3rd site, some set of sites don't
 deny environmental resources to others, etc. etc. Your analogy is flawed on
 many levels.
 If the sites go down that often what motive would somebody else have if they
 know they'll face the same sorts of problems and won't have any additional
 resources to help them face it?
 Why would you put up a site if you knew that the 14 others before had failed
 and that nobody would help with your legal fees when you did go down?
 It's one thing to put your neck on the block for yourself, it's a whole
 other issue when you start asking other people to do it for your benefit
 (they obviously don't need an archive since they have the resources already)
 when you make it clear that you won't reimburse or otherwise recognize their
 efforts for YOU.
 > > > If the 'economies', 'infrastructure' 'religon' and what not of the
 > > > countries do not (yet) affect crypto laws, why care about them? If
 > >  > > They effect crypto by defintion.
 >  > How, for example, can they affects the functioning of an archive, if  > you get the right people and machine?
 Because those machines have to be available and paid for, their utilities need
 to exist and need to be reliable, the police need to have some sort of legal
 boundary to cross, and you need some recognized and guaranteed legal recourse  for your own self defence.
 Those are just a couple of the issues involved in running a archive site.
 Things don't exist in vacuum. You naively take WAY(!!!) too much for
 granted.
 I'll tell you what. Just as an experiment put up a CDR node for 6 months
 and see what it's like. Keep the box up 24 hours a day, pay the electricity,
 phone lines, domain name, etc. We're talking less than $500 total if you
 already own a box. Such an experiment is within the reach of just about  any person who has sufficient resources (even students) to surf the web.
 If you don't have the infrastructure to send the email in the clear then
 crypto won't effect that one whit. And putting up an archive that nobody
 can get to is not worth the effort either.
 > > If they don't have crypto laws it's likely they don't have a lot of other
 > > sorts of laws and the social and economic structure those laws imply. This
 > > makes it very difficult to operate a archive with any sort of stability or
 > > protection.
 >  > It is not true that there are more gangsters in the small than in  > the powerful nations. What do you mean by stability (which has plenty  > of meanings)?
 Well of course not, the populations aren't comparable. However, it is clear
 that smaller 3rd world countries have much more stringent regulations or
 because the instability causes there to be no standards to regulation and
 lack many of the protections we in the US take for granted. It makes the
 continued existance of the archive problematic. Putting up an archive on
 Monday only to have it go down on Tuesday is pyrrhic at best.
 I use stability in the commen political meaning. The country has a
 political and social system that is long-lived, has a well defined mechanism
 for transfer of power (if they even recognize transfer of power), etc.
 If you're in a situation where some rebels or other forces start lobbing
 mortar shells into your immediate area then crypto is the least of your  worries. Or as in Columbia where a group drove into town, drug people out
 into the street and shot them in the head.
 Consider S. Korea. Even though it's a democracy it's illegal to operate a
 firewall. The closest place S. Koreans can get in many cases to a firewall
 and network security (for groups outside of S. Korea) is Australia. Now how
 do you expect to seriously run a crypto site when the military and police
 have a legal authority to come rummage in your system at will? And can put
 you in detention if you deny them that access?
 Those sorts of places are where crypto is needed but clearly can't do the
 job for themselves.
 > > And what about the costs and effects incurred by that person you so glibly
 > > throw away?
 >  > I suppose that running an archive is a voluntary (self-sacrificing)
 > act of a benovolent person ready to offer his service to the public.  > If his site has to close down sometime later, he has to accept his  > bad luck. Why should you care so much minutely for him? (And you
 > say below that the money problem is trivial!)
 No, it isn't self-sacrifice. It's sacrifice for the users of that archive.
 Their motives are not self-centered, they're society centered. As users of
 those archives you OWE them.
 I would suggest strongly(!) that you spend more time studying ethics and
 morality.
 > So it rests to find people who have the time and (that small) money  > and energy to run sites and some countries that aren't going to
 > have strict cryto laws in the near future. THAT, however, is
 > difficult, I believe.
 Duh. I wonder why....(well, actualy I don't)
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-10 02:56:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I'd say the obvious answer is to buy a spammers mailing list and then use
it to send out a one-time-only missive on the issues with a directive of
where to go for more information. Mass email letters to newspapers all over
the US (or whereever you are). Hit usenet with copies. Buy add space in
newspapers and magazines. Hit up the local media for PSA's. Use the local
public access television stations. etc.
It's not the how that people are having a hard time with, it's the why.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-10 02:56:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Intelligent cameras, a reference 
Scientific American
Apr. 1996
Smart Rooms
Alex P. Pentland
pp. 68 - 76
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-10 04:06:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The politics of crypto archives (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You need to go back and re-read what prompted this. Your responce is
completely out of context.
It depends, do I shop there?
I'm done with this discussion. You want to expect people to put their neck
on the line and you use their services while owning them nothing then wonder
why nobody does it, so be it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-10 04:08:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: German government press release on Wassenaar (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Spin-doctor bullshit.
  There are forms of "export control" (such as the
And why should one need to notify them if there is not at least the implied
ability on their part to say "NO, you won't either."?
PGP is NOT unrestrited.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-11 00:57:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's up with the blank traffic from algebra.com? 
Anyone know why algebra.com is throwing the blank messages over the last
couple of days?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-11 01:52:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A URL to the Monday strike? 
Hi all,
Just wondering if there is a URL that describes the proposed strike on
    ____________________________________________________________________
           If I can put in one word what has always infuriated me
           in any person, any group, any movement, or any nation,
           it is: bullying
                                                Howard Zinn
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-12 02:13:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ had ISDN problems this AM... 
Because of the weather change here there was an outage of ISDN
connectivity at my ISP. It seems to be back now. No idea if it will return
in the next day or so.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-12 08:18:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: German government press release on Wassenaar (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy that is surprising since Open Sourse does not imply the loss of
rights by the author as public domain does.
If this is so and Germany interprets Open Source in this way then the OS
movement will fail in Germany (at least). There will be no motive for
authors to release their work since they will be in effect releasing all
rights to it, not the goal of OS at all. The impact on this for closed source
derivitive products is also of some interest.
I wonder what RMS will have to say on that one...
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-12 23:54:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: German government press release on Wassenaar (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The problem I see with this is that the knowledge about the crypto system
doesn't come from the source but rather from the mathematics that it is
founded upon.
If this line of reasoning is followed to its logical conclusion then
publishing a paper on the algorithm also transmits that knowledge making
particular knowledge of the software (ie whether I used a do-loop instead of
a if statement) rather irrelevant. Now if it's not the particulars of the
implimentation that we're protecting and it's not the mathematics itself
then exactly what is it that we're protecting by imposing these closed
source limitations? It looks to me like an unintentional(?) attempt to put
commercial closed source crypto out of business. Under these regulations
doesn't it mean that any business that isn't OS faces additional hurdles in
its operation? Any business that is OS faces the problem of income stream
which still isn't completely worked out for OS companies. This implies a
longer time to market for OS crypto products.
Also, since the source of PGP has always been avaiable doesn't this now make
it permissible to export without restriction?
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-15 10:06:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I must admit. . . (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It's too bad they don't publish some of it in a newspaper or two...
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-15 10:31:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The grandest jury nullification? 
Has it occurred to anyone that if Congress really does end up voting for a
censure instead of a full impeachment we will have the largest jury
nullification in history, if it's based upon the consensus of the people per
the various samples.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-15 22:04:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The grandest jury nullification? - Irrelevant (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
How's it going to get there? The ex_president certainly won't appeal (and
face removal from office) and since Congress passed it they likely won't
Besides the Constitution says that Congress must stop at removal from office
and barring from future offices. It is clearly within their power to simply
slap his hand or write him a bad report card.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-16 08:49:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DARPA's Active Network page (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
How does the packet know what is a good price or a bad price as it makes
each hop? Whose processor is it using to run its program to evaluate the
costs? Who pays for that processor cost on a node that isn't selected? Who
has access to the audit trail? How does a reliable copy get back to the
originator? How does it do this in an anonymous network?
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-16 11:34:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Distributed Programming with DIPC (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
X-Orcpt: rfc822;sparclinux at vger.rutgers.edu
Sender: owner-sparclinux at vger.rutgers.edu
Precedence: bulk
X-Loop: majordomo at vger.rutgers.edu
To people interested in distributed programming and clustering under Linux,
 This is to introduce DIPC (Distributed Inter-Process Communication). DIPC is a software-only solution for very easy distributed programming under the Linux operating system. Here developers design their applications as a group of processes, each possibly running on a different Linux computer, and then use DIPC to _transparently_ exchange data between them. The main objective of the DIPC project is to make distributed programming as much like "normal" programming as possible.
 DIPC hides itself behind UNIX System V's IPC mechanisms, consisting of Semaphores, Messages, and Shared Memories, and makes them work over a network. This means that DIPC offers, among other things, Transparent Distributed Shared Memory (DSM) with strict consistency: Processes can read from and write to the shared memory with no need for any explicit synchronization!
This makes DIPC very different from systems like PVM or MPI. The source code of a DIPC program is nearly identical to a normal UNIX program using System V IPC. Actually, a DIPC program can even run in a Linux computer with no DIPC support; no need for recompilation. System V IPC is widely available in UNIX variants, and is very well documented, meaning that developers may already know the programming interface, or they can learn it very easily, confident that the usefulness of the newly learned material is not tied to the availability of DIPC. This is in sharp contrast to most other distributed programming systems.
 Using a mainly "shared-memory" programming interface means that the same distributed application can also run on a multi-processor Linux machine
at "full speed"
 DIPC modifies the Linux kerenl in order to offer its excellent degree of transparency. There are no needs for any link libraries, and it can be used from any programming language that allows access to the OS calls.
The hardware can consist of a single Linux machine, or a cluster of computers connected to each other by a TCP/IP network. DIPC has been tested on inter-continental WANs and is a heterogeneous system, as it can run on Linux/i386 and Linux/m68k, with both versions being able to talk to each
other. (volunteers for porting DIPC to other CPU families are welcome).
 People intersted in distributed systems can easily and safely try DIPC. After patching a standard Linux kernel, DIPC becomes a configuration option (make config), and can be left out at compile time if desired. When DIPC is compiled in, it can be turned off any time with no need for a reboot.
 For more more information about DIPC, visit  . You can download the package (which includes the sources and the documentation) from the web page, or from ftp://wallybox.cei.net/pub/dipc . A mailing list devoted to discussions about DIPC is addressed at
linux-dipc at wallybox.cei.net . Feel free to send your comments and questions
here. To view the previous posts to DIPC's mailing list target your browser at  .
-Kamran Karimi
To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe sparclinux" in
the body of the message to majordomo at vger.rutgers.edu

@_date: 1998-12-17 06:02:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CyberScam (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-17 12:05:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Potential Crypto Development Sites (re: Stallman) 
Forwarded message:
Belize isn't on the list and it's only 2 hours from Houston. Citizenship can
be had for as little as $40k US. They market themselves as a tax haven.
Apparently anyone living there for 5 years can qualify for citizenship.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-19 00:33:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Crypto related... [/.] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-19 04:05:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Digital Democracy [/.] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-21 02:48:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anthrax [DoD] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-22 21:47:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: MCI hit with encryption virus [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-24 08:01:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Break the code...from RSA [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-24 09:55:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Someplace you might want to check into about actual real-world cage design
and computers is Cray.
When I worked at UT Austin and we put in the comp center at the Balconese
Research Center it had a wire mesh cage installed per spec by Cray for the
X-MP & Y-MP.
It would not surprise me if they didn't have some literture and design
guides available.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-24 11:42:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Expansion of handgun bans? [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-25 00:43:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested reading 
The Iron Cavalry
Ralph Zumbro
ISBN 0-671-01390-4
$6.99 US
Note especialy the last chapter, "Puma Force".
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-25 05:45:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Norway - go to jail for naming baby illegal [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-25 12:02:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
Actualy there are equivalent oil and gas deposits in SE Asia and Antartica.
But they doesn't belong to the USG either.
Of course the point is valid. Though it almost begs the question of why in
such a situation there is not a more powerful search for alternatives. There
are actualy very few technologies that care whether oil or gas is used in
energy production or some entirely different process.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-30 09:53:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CLT&G Update: 29 Dec 98 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The entire point of a consitutional democracy is to avoid centralization.
A better way to word this is that we should be afraid of the federal
government becoming the central government.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-31 01:17:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CLT&G Update: 29 Dec 98 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The ENTIRE point.
No, the point of a democratic government is to eliminate centralization of
authority. To distribute and limit what each level can do from the top to
the bottem. Read the 9th and 10th again.
If you truly believe this then you should shoot yourself now and get it over
There is a cure, that cure is to recognize the behaviour in people and build
systems that limit the opportunity to express it. The best plan we've come
up with so far is constitutional democracy.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-31 03:34:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: limitations of fed power (was CLT&G Update: 29 Dec 98 (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
A representative democracy is still a democracy. The ONLY guarantee of limits
in ANY democracy is whether it is constitutional or not. That is the
defining issue because that is what limits and defines the governmental
structures. The defining issue is not whether it is representative or direct
but rather that it has a constitution. A constitution and a bill of rights
are in no way a requirement for a democracy (representative or direct). That
constitution is what prevents mob-rule.
Which is the point under discussion after all.
That is a function of human psychology and not democracy. Blaiming democracy
for a function of human behaviour is more than a  little misleading. People
are social animals. It's gotten us this far and there is no reason to expect
a radical shift in human population dynamics in the near term. Really a moot
point. It is also the reason the constitution splits authorities, per the
9th and 10th, as it does. The fundamental aspect of a working democracy is
conflict, not cooperation as much of todays spin doctor press would have you
believe. And by conflict I don't mean spilled blood in the streets.
What is really amazing about it is that we have the intelligence to
recognize and deal with the trait at all.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-12-31 05:27:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: LEA VPN's in the South [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1999-01-01 12:35:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Norway - go to jail for naming baby illegal [CNN] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty five Years, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States. The first sentence is normaly considered the legal standard that is being
referenced here. It's the only place in the Constitution that refers to how
one actualy gains citizenship. There are apparently three (one unmentioned)
 1.	natural born (ie being physicaly born on US soil) is the highest
        measure of 'American' citizenship
 2.     being a citizen of the US at the time of ratification
 3.     Unementioned, but implied by the stipulation of 1. for the
        office of president. The intent is commenly held that this
        prevents foreign nationals of long-standing from bringing
        foreign influence into the office. Implicit is that the
        legislature set relevant standards.
    ____________________________________________________________________
          What raises the standard of living may well diminish the
          quality of life.
                                                 The Club of Rome
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-03 03:34:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Techno Warfare In The 21st Century (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Mailing-List: contact consim-l-help at net.uni-c.dk; run by ezmlm
Reply-To: consim-l at net.uni-c.dk
Delivered-To: mailing list consim-l at net.uni-c.dk
Mime-Version: 1.0

@_date: 1998-11-03 09:08:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Bic-Assassins Convicted (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I have a question, if they had threatened just a plain old citizen with
this email would they also be facing this life imprisonment?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-03 11:21:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Bic-Assassins Convicted (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ok, exactly how would their threat effect inter-state commerce?
Conspiracy requires active steps, not simply talking about it. As I
understand it the conspiracy and weapons of mass destructions charges were
given a not-guilty by the jury. No proof was presented that they had ever
even bought a bic lighter to test with. Hell, even going to the bookstore
and buying a book or the library and checking one out is protected under the
Constitution. It takes more than talk to generate a conspiracy.
If we're going to go by this then the US government is already guilty re
their plan to destroy various contraband plants via genetic weapons. If you
think that won't effect inter-state & international commerce you better
think again.
And they've gone a lot farther than just talking about it in email. Congress
has spent millions on it over the last few years.
Ok, so my question still stands what if these had been actual people instead
of government agencies? The charges are *NOT* for threatening individuals
who happen to be government agents, oh no, they're for threatening
government *agencies* a whole different ball game ('The President' is an
office not a person).
Where is 'lawful authority' defined?
I covered this one already.
So if I go out and sneeze on somebody I've committed an attack using a
weapon of mass destruction?
Where is the definition of 'mass' in there? Hell, just about anything
qualifies under this definition. It doesn't even require the death of 1
single individual (it doesn't even require it to be lethal).
Oh, *all* radiation is harmful to human life.
Well this certainly covers each and every effect of a pathogen on a
biological system (I particularly like the way they've covered their butts
for ET.... 'another living organism'. Not to mention that cleaning your
kitchen counter qualifies under this statute.
Well at least they've set themselves up for their anti-drug pathogen
Can you say circular defintion, I thought you could. This sentence say
This of course happens to cover plain old water (re 'whatever its origin or
method of preduction').
Next time I get food-poisoning at a restaraunt it's comforting to know that
the federal government will be right there to prosecute under this
particular statute...
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-03 11:25:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: s-format file converter? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Geesh. If you know it's GNU then it makes some sense to check gnu.org now
wouldn't it?
You might also want to check out the 'frankenstein' set of cross-assemblers
as they handle a wide variety of targets and file formats.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-03 11:43:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CJ & a potential out... 
It occurs to me that since the court saw fit to assign an attorney over CJ's
objection he may have constitutional grounds to have his arrest and the
consequential proceedings overturned.
The Constitution says that a person has a right to counsil if the issue at
hand is worth more than $20. It doesn't say the court must appoint one and
it most certainly doesn't say a defendent requires one. Since the
Constitution leaves the issue up to the defendant any action that is
contrary to their desires is un-constitutional. The 10th prohibits
these sorts of excess or self-appointed authority.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-03 13:51:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Frankenstein should be avail. for Unix (S-Records) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-03 13:52:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Motorola site w/ potentialy relevant info (S-Records) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-03 21:57:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Bic-Assassins Convicted (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's truly funny....
"We the people in order to form a more perfect union...."
How does the federal government gain priviliges and immunities (ala 16th)
that aren't defined in the Constitution or an amendment? (see 9th and 10th)
Read the last sentence of the rubber-clause.....any action or law that
derives from it is required to respect the remainder of the Constitution in
full (simply crossing a state border doesn't annul the Constitution). Since
that includes the 9th and 10th (in toto) they have themselves a quandry.
Personaly, I would trust an individual handling these technologies before
I'd trust a bunch of power-happy gun-toting morons acting in concert who's
answer to everything is "my boss told me to do it" and willingly deny their
duties as individual citizens in order to play their three-initial games.
I saw a comment the other day that the government (those who support these
world views I suppose) doesn't trust the people. I wonder why after reading
laws that are this poorly constructed. Whatever the hell the intent was it
wasn't to protect life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-03 22:13:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: VANGUARD:  An Election About Nothing? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Perhaps they're not stupid. Perhaps their not nin-compoops, but rather you are
for assigning any value to the entire process.
It is a standard litany of conventional science to choose the lesser of two
evils. Perhaps the lesser of two evils in this corrupted, Constitutionaly
bereft system is *NOT TO PARTICIPATE*. Sine it obviously doesn't matter who
wins, since the mighty spectre of compromise will dilute any real difference
into a verbal shell game devoid of meaning. Maby deToquville (sorry for
spelling - early morning) was right about mediocrity being the result of
democracy, except in one fine point. It won't be the people as a whole but
rather those who are too stupid and wedded to outmoded ideals to change. The
social and political dinosaurs if you will.
Maby the polls where drunk dwarves win over 'serious' candidates is actualy
demonstrating the absurdity of those who insist their issue are serious.
Perhaps people are finaly seeing that these nin-compoops who want the
political power in this country are simply blind to a social and economic
change in the winds.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-04 04:07:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: VANGUARD:  An Election About Nothing? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That should set off flags for truly honest politicians (talk about a non
This of course assumes that there is some faith in the system.
Weird? You're talking to somebody who lives in Austin, Tx. The capital of
weird amond weird....;)
But the point isn't to vote for just anybody. I keep having this echo of
Federalist  (I think that's the one about political parties) going through
my head. The problem with our system is that we need a more representative
form of government. It shouldn't be simply a football game (which leads to a
related but deep issue about American psychology itself) but a fair and
honest representation of the peoples desire. The only things I can find that
would make such '3rd party' strategies work is if the representation was
done by percentage as in Englands parliament.
I'll think about this one. Several points come to mind and I'm not sure
how to express them at this point. The point I can address is that it isn't
that people voted for a drunk dwarve. It was the issue was so trivial or
irrelevant that it didn't matter who goes in there, it simply doesn't
matter. In that case the only answer is to opt out and spend ones time
dealing with the issues and problems that do matter.
The question is deeper than simply participation, it's addresses the entire
point of the system that needs our participation in the first place.
I'd guess they were testing.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 03:50:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 0851244.shtml 
Advertisement Welcome to Slashdot Science News Technology Star Wars
   Prequels The Internet  faq
    code
    awards
    slashNET
    older stuff
    rob's page
    submit story
    book reviews
    user account
    ask slashdot
    advertising
    supporters
    past polls
    features
    about
    jobs
    BSI    Review:Handbook of Applied Cryptography Encryption Posted by Hemos on
   Wednesday November 04,    from the just-the-facts-ma'am dept.
   Giving some actual theory to the whole cryptography discussion, Ian S.
   Nelson's review of Handbook of Applied Cryptography takes a look at
   this veritable tome of information. This isn't a book for those of you
   trying to figure out exactly what the NSA actually does; this is for
   the real meat and numbers behind it all. Click below for more info.
   REVIEW: Handbook of Applied Cryptography Alfred J. Menezes, Paul C.
   van Oorschot, Scott A. Vanstone CRC Press (ISBN 0-8493-8523-7)
   Nutshell
   Review: Required reading for any cryptography freak.
   Rating: 9/10
  The Scenario
   CRC Press has been building a series of books on discrete mathematics
   and its applications. Doug Stinson wrote the theory book on
   cryptography (Cryptography: Theory and Practice (ISBN: 0-8493-8521-0,
   if you don't like this book you'll vomit when you see the Stinson
   book) and this is the application book on cryptography. It's close to
   800 pages chocked full of information.
   I must confess that I'm a cryptography freak and I'm a little sick of
   the constant political discussions and lack of tech talk, this book is
   all tech and might even be a little much if you're not into math. It's
   a wonderful companion to the Schneier books (Applied Cryptography 1st
   or 2nd Edition A.K.A. "the crypto bible") if you're into the nitty
   gritty details of cryptography.
  What's Bad?
   I really like this book and I can't find a lot that I don't like about
   it... but I think in places the math gets a little thick. I have a
   degree in math and I find myself returning to the math overview
   section more often than I'd like to admit. If you're not familiar with
   discrete math and combinatorics then this book probably isn't for you.
   If you enjoy that stuff, then this will be a piece of cake. If you're
   looking to build your crypto book library up I'd highly recommend this
   book before you get some of the more hard-core books.
   Something else I feel is lacking is cryptanalysis on ciphers. They
   discuss attacks on various protocols and hashes but actual attacks on
   ciphers are glossed over. As a companion to Cryptography: Theory and
   Practice, which covers cryptanalysis in more detail, it is
   understandable to leave that material out of this book but I think
   they could discuss it a little more than they do without going into
   specifics.
   The no-nonsense style can be a little dry at times, there aren't a lot
   of jokes or anecdotes to lighten things up in this book.
  What's Good?
   Cipher isn't spelled with a 'y' anywhere in this book. It's not filled
   with a lot of opinion or rumor. It doesn't hardly bring up ITAR, key
   escrow, or the NSA's mystical superpowers. This book is about
   cryptographic techniques and a listing of patents is about as
   political or opinionated as it gets.
   It is kind of like a textbook without the problems at the end of each
   chapter. It is written in an outline format with subitems of
   "Definition", "Fact", "Notes", "Example", and "Algorithm." Each
   subitem is followed by a few short but concise paragraphs of
   explanation.
   Plenty of charts and figures fill the pages and everything is
   explained well. While it lacks source code, there is certainly enough
   information for you to implement any of the ciphers, hashes, or
   protocols covered. It even includes some test vectors for a lot of the
   algorithms.
  So What's In It For Me?
   If you want to learn about cryptography, not the politics but the
   actual technology, then this is a great book to get before you get
   over your head. It's very readable and while the math can be a little
   heavy in places it is accessible and useful. It gives you a good
   flavor of how more advanced papers and books on the subject are and it
   avoids the nonacademic discussions surrounding cryptography.
   To pick this book up, head over to Amazon and help Slashdot out.
    Table of Contents
    1. Overview of Cryptography
         1. Introduction
         2. Information Security and Cryptography
         3. Background on Functions
         4. Basic Terminology and Concepts
         5. Symmetric-key Encryption
         6. Digital Signatures
         7. Authentication and Identification
         8. Public-key Cryptography
         9. Hash Functions
        10. Protocols and mechanisms
        11. Key establishment, management, and certification
        12. Pseudorandom numbers and sequences
        13. Classes of attacks and security models
        14. Notes and further references
    2. Mathematical Background
         1. Probability theory
         2. Information theory
         3. Complexity theory
         4. Number theory
         5. Abstract algebra
         6. Finite fields
         7. Notes and further references
    3. Number-Theoretic Reference Problems
         1. Introduction and overview
         2. The integer factorization problem
         3. The RSA problem
         4. The quadratic residuosity problem
         5. Computing Square roots in Zn
         6. The Discrete logarithm problem
         7. The Diffie-Hellman problem
         8. Composite moduli
         9. Computing individual bits
        10. The subset sum problem
        11. Factoring polynomials over finite fields
        12. Notes and further references
    4. Public-Key Parameters
         1. Introduction
         2. Probabilistic primality tests
         3. (True)Primality tests
         4. Prime number generation
         5. Irreducible polynomials over Zp
         6. Generators and elements of high order
         7. Notes and further references
    5. Pseudorandom Bits and Sequences
         1. Introduction
         2. Random bit generation
         3. Pseudorandom bit generation
         4. Statistical tests
         5. Cryptographically secure pseudorandom bit generation
         6. Notes and further references
    6. Stream Ciphers
         1. Introduction
         2. Feedback shift registers
         3. Stream ciphers based on LFSRs
         4. Other stream ciphers
         5. Notes and further references
    7. Block Ciphers
         1. Introduction
         2. Background and general concepts
         3. Classical ciphers and historical development
         4. DES
         5. FEAL
         6. IDEA
         7. SAFER, RC5, and other block ciphers
         8. Notes and further references
    8. Public-Key Encryption
         1. Introduction
         2. RSA public-key encryption
         3. Rabin public-key encryption
         4. ElGamal public-key encryption
         5. McElliece public-key encryption
         6. Knapsack public-key encryption
         7. Probabilistic public-key encryption
         8. Notes and further references
    9. Hash Functions and Data Integrity
         1. Introduction
         2. Classification and framework
         3. Basic constructions and general results
         4. Unkeyed hash functions (MDCs)
         5. Keyed hash functions (MACs)
         6. Data integrity and message authentication
         7. Advanced attacks on hash functions
         8. Notes and further references
   10. Identification and Entity Authentication
         1. Introduction
         2. Passwords (weak authentication)
         3. Challenge-response identification (strong authentication)
         4. Customized zero-knowledge identification protocols
         5. Attacks on identification protocols
         6. Notes and further references
   11. Digital Signatures
         1. Introduction
         2. A framework for digital signature mechanisms
         3. RSA and related signature schemes
         4. Fiat-Shamir signature schemes
         5. The DSA and related signature schemes
         6. One-time digital signatures
         7. Other signatures schemes
         8. Signatures with additional functionality
         9. Notes and further references
   12. Key Establishment Protocols
         1. Introduction
         2. Classification and framework
         3. Key transport based on symmetric encryption
         4. Key agreement based on symmetric techniques
         5. Key transport based on public-key encryption
         6. Key agreement based on asymmetric techniques
         7. Secret Sharing
         8. Conference Keying
         9. Analysis of key establishment protocols
        10. Notes and further references
   13. Key Management Techniques
         1. Introduction
         2. Background and basic concepts
         3. Techniques for distributing confidential keys
         4. Techniques for distributing public keys
         5. Techniques for controlling key usage
         6. Key management involving multiple domains
         7. Key life cycle issues
         8. Advanced trusted third party services
         9. Notes and further references
   14. Efficient Implementation
         1. Introduction
         2. Multiple-precision integer arithmetic
         3. Multiple-precision modular arithmetic
         4. Greatest common divisor algorithms
         5. Chinese remainder theorem for integers
         6. Exponentiation
         7. Exponent recoding
         8. Notes and further references
   15. Patents and Standards
         1. Introduction
         2. Patents on cryptographic techniques
         3. Cryptographic standards
         4. Notes and further references
   16. Appendix A: Bibligraphy of Papers from Selected Cryptographic
       Forums
         1. Asiacrypt/Auscrypt Proceedings
         2. Crypto Proceedings
         3. Eurocrypt Proceedings
         4. Fast Software Encryption Proceedings
         5. Journal of Cryptology papers
   <  The demise of Crack.com | Reply | Flattened | 50 Gb drives from
   Seagate  >
     Related Links
   Slashdot
   Cryptography: Theory and Practice
   book
   Amazon
   Ian S. Nelson's
   NSA
   More on Encryption    Also by Hemos [INLINE]
   Amazon Info The books here are brought to us in Partnership with
   Amazon.com.
   If you follow the links around here, and eventually buy a book, we get
   a percentage of the cost!
   Want books about any of these things? Perl, Linux, Unix, Gardening,
   CGI, Java?
   Still not finding what you're looking for? Visit Amazon.com from this
   link, and we still get some credit. Or you could even Search Amazon
   using this convenient form:
   ____________________ ______
   [INLINE]
   The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted
   them. Slashdot is not responsible for what they say.
   < Down One | This Page's Threshold: 0 | Up One >
   (Warning:this stuff is extremely beta right now)
   Amazon.com confuses "Applied Cryptography" with "H
   by Anonymous Coward on Wednesday November 04,    For those of you who order the Handbook of Applied Cryptography, don't
   be suprised if amazon sends you Bruce Schneiers "Applied Cryptography"
   instead.....its happened to me and another person I know..
   [ Reply to this ] politics / history is relevant (Score:1)
   by harshaw on Wednesday November 04,    (User Info)
   On of the great things about Schneier's Applied Cryptography was how
   he intertwined the mathematics with the political ramifications of the
   particular crypto algorithm. I think the study of Crypto needs to be
   tightly coupled with an understanding of the societal / political
   issues around it. For instance, you can't simply implement 128 bit RC5
   in your product and ship it of to Iraq without having RSA (for patent
   violations) and the NSA (for the obvious reasons) come down on your
   head.
   IMO, Crypto is a VERY tough subject and requires an intense amount of
   study to understand the math. If the text you are studying is dry and
   lacking wit or humor, it makes the job even harder :(
   [ Reply to this ]
     * politics / history is relevant by Anonymous Coward on Wednesday
       November 04,    Loved it! I laughed! I cried! (Score:1)
   by bobse on Wednesday November 04,    (User Info) What I liked was the way that each algorithm was reviewed
   in a very consistent manner. Most algorithms were described not just
   with words and mathematics (which is good), but also with pseudocode
   (which is great if you are actually trying to implement this stuff).
   The consistent, itemized format also allows you to compare the
   strengths/weaknesses of different algorithms yourself, instead of
   relying on someone else to do it for you. Very cool.
   9.5/10
   [ Reply to this ] Price Check (Score:1)
   by Ralph Bearpark on Wednesday November 04,    (User Info) As an onging service to /. readers ...
   Amazon = $84.95
   BarnesAndNoble = $109.50 (HAHAHAHA!)
   Shopping books = $71.96
   Spree books = $67.99
   (Is it my imagination, or is /. reviewing increasingly expensive,
   non-Amazon-discounted books? Surely not. :-))
   Regards, Ralph.
   [ Reply to this ]
     * Price Check by Anonymous Coward on Wednesday November 04,    The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted
   them. Slashdot is not responsible for what they say.
   < Down One | This Page's Threshold: 0 | Up One >
   (Warning:this stuff is extremely beta right now)
     ____________________ ______
     All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from the hills
   after the battle is over and shoot the wounded. All trademarks and
   copyrights on this page are owned by their respective companies.
   Comments are owned by the Poster. The Rest  1998 Rob Malda. [
   home | awards | supporters | rob's homepage | contribute story |
   older articles | advertising | past polls | about | faq | BSI ]

@_date: 1998-11-05 07:39:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is silly.
They're bound by economics and nothing else, not even the government cats.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 07:59:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which is why it's a *BAD* idea.
You need to look around, the government has NO monopoly on force.
Absolutely, that's why any free-market/anarchy is doomed to fail.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 13:58:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Who Cares (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If you're talking about the people who didn't vote, they're trying to keep
from going under. Probably working two jobs, keeping the kids in school and
out of trouble, saving for college, paying the house morgage off, etc. Who's
in office won't make a whit of difference to any of that. It's irrelevant.
If you're talking about the politicians, they're laughing their ass off on
the way to the bank to cash their tax-derived income.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 14:02:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Woah there cowboy, just exactly how the hell do you jump from economics to
privacy...talk about a strawman.
Abuse is the nature of man, not economics, privacy, government systems, etc.
They're things, they have no desire and most definitely have no concept of
privacy, economics, duty, etc. A a person or persons are abused it's by
another person or persons.
It depends on the regulation and how it's applied. You simply can't
equitably apply the statement that all regulation is bad because it's equaly
clear that no regulation has its own pitfalls and abuses.
Yes, provided you have 'fair competition' which you can't in a free market.
Provided all companies and their management operate within some sort of
ethical guidelines, which they won't (and don't). And on and on.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 14:18:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Yes, they are. Can you say 'taxes'? Can you say 'interstate commerce'?
Can you say 'mint money'? Can you say 'federal reserve'? Can you say 'FDIC'?
I thought so.
Really? What history?
False distinction. Politics is about control and power, and in human society
that breaks down to force and money.
There you go again, confusing privacy with economics...
True, but that isn't a function of regulation per se only the particular
type of regulation that we have implimented. You're arguing from a specific
example and trying to extrapolate to a general rule and it don't fly.
No, they don't. It is perfectly legal for an individual to own a weapon.
There is also a clear distinction between the local police, your state
police, federal agents, military, etc. Lumping them all into one generic
category is a disservice and is unrealistic (especialy since they are often
in adversarial roles) if we really want to understand how our society works
and where we can take it.
No it doesn't. It points to the fact that individuals want to participate in
some activity that some other party doesn't want to occur. It does not imply
that the regulating party wants the potential income from those activities.
Further more, even in a free-market there will exist black markets. It's
always cheaper to buy stolen merchandise than legitimately purchased
merchandise. The aspect of a free-market is that there is no consequence
from such actions (unless you want to admit to allowing corporations to have
their own hit squads). Again, a function of human psychology and not
economics or political systems.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 14:33:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It depends on the frequency. Last time I checked a laser or a maser (both
are radio waves strictly speaking) travel LOS. The scattering comes from
beam divergence and incidental refractions and reflections from the
molecules in the air and supported detritus.
Depends on the size of the hole and location. In most microwave ovens there
are definite dead-spots (corners and the exact center of the area are
If the microwaves (for example) are transmitted parallel to the open side it
might very well work just fine. It's going to depend on a variety of
factors that will preclude such a blanket statement from being valid.
For these to work there must be a time-correlated aspect to the signal that
doesn't appear in the noise. If you mask the signal with the same sort of
time correlated cover (eg phase shifting) it also might work.
The absolute magnitude isn't really important.
Most of the signals that are emitted by a computer are not in the 100dB
dynamic range ( that's a signal range of 1:33) , more likely 40-50db
if that. For a TTL (5V) signal it barely covers 3dB (LOW is <2.5v and a
high is >=4.75). There simply is no way in hell a signal with a 3dB range is
going to emit a rf signal that is 100dB. There are other logic families with
wider dynamic ranges (eg CMOS w/ 18V Vcc can be nearly 18V or approx. about
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 22:04:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
p-v-w is irrelevent.
No Tim, it's photons as the intermediate vector boson for EM radiation.
*ALL* physicist consider light to be hi-freq radio waves, or radio waves to
be low-freq light. Hell, strictly speaking standing in the middle of a dark
room waving a bar magnet back and forth is a very low freq. flash light.
And you have a physics degree......
Last time I checked my microwave was 8 corner reflectors. That says that
ultimately the ray goes back along the way it came with a shift in beam axis.
How a microwave works is that up in one corner is a small grating. Behind
that grating is a magnetron/klystron/etc. tube. That tube sends a beam out
through that little grating. The axis of the tube is slightly mis-aligned
,otherwise the beam would come back into the tube and burn it out - also why
you don't put metal things in there, it disrupts the reflection pattern. As
a consequence of this design the corners and the exact center of the cavity
don't get enough microwave radiation to do much of anything with. If you
were to actualy map the microwaves you'd see beams bouncing back and forth
and not continous coverage. There are actualy spots in every microwave oven
cavity that get zero radiation. Anything put in there cooks as a function of
the water in its neighbor heating up and transfered by the standard
thermodynamic (which is also EM by the way) mechanism.
Test it yourself.
True, the point I'm trying to make to you folks is that it *ISN'T* the
absolute level of the signal that you are necessarily concerned with but
rather the dynamic range in that signal. Simply knowing there's a 3mV signal
out there won't do you a damn bit of good unless you have enough signal range
to decode the contents. In actuality you could be emitting GW's of signal and
if there was only say 1uV of signal range you'd never get anything off it.
It just occured to me that one way to weaken TEMPEST is to mask the signals
(not sure exactly how) that are emitted by encrypting (ie whitening) the
signal when it's on exposed/radiating buss or connector.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 22:08:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cryptography Study Group - Palo Alto (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is a GREAT! idea John.
If you don't object, and since Austin Cypherpunks are dead dead dead, I
believe I'll start something similar.
I think the approach I'll use is a bit different in that I'm going to ask
participants to read say the first chapter and get together over some period
and actualy write a program (probably in Perl) that impliments the topic(s)
under discussion. If it were to meet say every other week for two hours they
should be able to go through a chapter every couple of months or so.
Now I've got to find a place suitable....:)
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-05 23:32:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to test *your* microwave oven distribution pattern. 
Here's a simple way to test the bounce-pattern of your micro-wave oven:
 -	Go to your local hobby store and buy some small balsa or pine
        sheeting, stringers (4x), and glue (non-water based). You'll
        also need several small open top containers (like a shot glass
        but smaller for best effect) and a marker.
 -	Cut the stringers to the vertical height of your oven cavity.
 -	Cut the sheeting into 1in. sq. pieces.
 -	Mark the stringers evenly such that there is enough room to glue
        the sheeting between the stringers, forming a multi-leveled tower.
 -	On each level place your container with a suitable amount of
 -	Place the tower w/ it's containers in one of the corners. Mark
        a line around the base so you know where you been.
 -      Start your microwave up (adjust time as needed, say start with
        30s) and note the temperature of each container after the time.
        and you'll also need to have the same number of runs and levels so
        so each level can be measured immediately after opening the door.
 	If you have access to an optical pyrometer you could potentialy
        measure them all.
 -	Once you've measured it here, move it over to be adjacent to the
 -	Run your regression and your done, tadah.
Some glasses will be hot, others won't. Trace the path of the beam out of
the magnetron and you'll get a good idea of what your oven is really doing.
Whether the cavity is stricly a corner reflector (ie corners are square) or
is trapezoidal (slightly off square to help disperse the bounce pattern not
the beam) is irrelevant to the actual holes in the pattern, they will be
I'll mention but not go into the shadowing effect of objects placed in the
cavity and the requirement for even cooking means that they have to be
rotated for even dispersal of the cooking effect. Another indication that
the beam doesn't disperse as widely or quickly as some claim.
On another topic about holes and escaping microwaves, if the holes are the
right size (which the screen in the glass in the front of your oven is)
they will preferentialy absorb the microwave, if it's correctly grounded
very little of the radiation will escape (as you can measure with a standard
microwave oven leak detector).
Now, let's talk about ways to build a laptop that will reduce the emissed
radiation to a minimum.
First, put all the computing guts into a small box that is well grounded
(running on a battery will pretty much screw you here since it ain't
grounded unless you drive a stake into the ground). Then make sure that any
openings or gaps are in the front edge or on the bottem pointed down. There
should be no breaks in the sides, rear, or top. Make sure the floppy, CD,
hard drive are placed in the front of the laptop container adjacent to the
metal box above and make sure any openings in them point out. The reason you
want the openings in the front edge is that  your body will make a
very good sheild to that hi-energy rf that folks want to tap. The openings on
the bottem will direct it to the ground where where they are absorbed (why they
call it a ground-plane). Make sure that all cabling from the peripherals to
the computing box are shielded (remember, ground the shield at one end
only). The seam or hinge between the display and the case should be shielded
with standard copper fingers. The cabling should also be well shielded. Make
sure there is a grounded screen covering the front of the LCD (and for gods
sake don't ever use a plasma display). The exterior case should be metal
(why I love my Tadpole 3XP and IBM N40). All openings for batteries and such
should be screwed down and not simply retained by a latch of some sort. The
*ONLY* way to power the laptop should be by battery. There should be no
provision to power it off the ac mains (this is going to be inconvenient
since you'll need to carry extra batteries, an external charger for them,
and the screw drivers and such to change them - no simply and easy pop-outs
As to the display, the ideal display would be a dual-display HMD that was
also sheilded. This is based on the assumption that if your data is so
sensitive that you don't want people snarking it out of the air you probably
don't want them reading it over your shoulder (up close or through a
If you do decide to stake your laptop as refered above there are a few
things to know....
 -	Make sure the stake is in suitable ground without lots of quartz
        and other similar peizo-electric materials.
 -	The stake should extend at least 3ft. into the ground.
 -	When the stake is driven in, the ground should be thoroughly wetted
        which usualy means quite a bit of water (30 gals or so should do
        it), if possible wet it over a 24 hour period prior to staking.
 -	Make sure the stake and the cable leading to the laptop are copper
        (or silver if you're rich)
 -	You don't want to be close to phone, power, and other sorts of
        underground utilities.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 04:12:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Nope. What I am saying is the absolute magnitude of the carrier wave is
irrelevant, it's the modulation that matters and that modulation if small
and it's riding on a big carrier is hard to get at because you swamp your
front-ends because of dynamic range.
Shielding will attenuate all parts of the signal so it is a Good Thing (TM).
Gabba gabba hey hey...thought I don't run my Tesla Coil when my computers
are on, they object to the 4ft sparks.
Peltier devices are for thermal transport by binding the thermal photons
and transporting them to a different environ where they may be emitted.
Hence the original environ is cooled.
You're talking about Josephson Junctions I suspect and they're useless for
signal detection, they're a switch. SQUIDS are what are used for truly
small level signals.
The KKK took my baby away....
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 04:50:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to test *your* microwave oven distribution pattern. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Electricity runs from a high-potential point to ground. If it isn't grounded
it radiates away into space where it can be detected. If the Faraday Cage
isn't grounded it simply acts as a parasitic oscillator and re-emits the
signal from inside, though at a lower amplitude. Remember, charge rests on
the *OUTSIDE* of a object so that any charge picked up internaly gets passed
to the outside surface.
Which raises another point. Since sharp corners radiate better because they
hold larger charges one should probably avoid sharp angles or corners.
Though you might be able to use that to advantage by having a caged needle
that radiates the majority away into the grounded cage.
Probably the ideal 'laptop' would be a metal ball with a grounding wire and
a single large mil-spec connector that drives a HMD. Something like the Rock
City by Archistrat but round instead of cubical.
Not if the ground plane on the pcb is built right. The amount of free-space
radiation can be minimized because the capacitive coupling between the
emitting source and the local ground is less than the capacitive coupling
to Earth through the atmosphere. Since the signal path impedence to the
local ground plain is lower it will carry, proportionaly, the majority of the signal.
Actualy it is much more complex than that, it effects the AC signal path
impedence as well - which is exactly what one wants.
As I said above, don't ground the box and it simply acts as a secondary
emitter. This is analogous to those parasitic oscillators they put in books
and such that ring an alarm if you walk between the poles at the store.
I'm at work right now so I can't get too specific but there is a book that I
have at home that is called 'Digital Black Magic' (I believe). It covers
a lot of these sorts of issues. When I'm home later I'll post a pointer
to the correct title, author, and ISBN.
The 1st rule of electrons:
They always take the shortest path to ground. If they can't get to ground they radiate their excess energy away as
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 05:52:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
All EM radiation scatters *IF* the wavelength of the signal is comparable
to the wavelength of the particulate. If the particulate is less than about
1/3 wavelength it won't significantly scatter.
The reason that dust in the air scatters lasers (and masers don't have this
problem because the wavelength is too long) is that the particles are
significantly larger than the wavelenght of the signal. It is directly
analogous to moon-shine. In astronomy this is related to something called
the Poynting Effect.
This is also the reason that IR radiation goes through smoke and fog while
visible light won't. Raleigh Scattering is the reason that the fog appears
In photography and radar mapping this is what limits the resolution of the
bounced signal as well.
You can build an experiment to demonstrate this with peg-board, pegs, and
some rope. Lay the peg-board on a table. Place a peg on one edge and connect
the rope. then along the line of the rope place other pegs at equal but
different distances and try to get a transverse plane wave to travel down
the rope. Note the relative wavelenght of the wave in the rope to the
spacing of the pegs. It takes practice to get it to work correctly so don't
give up to easy.
Depends on the material, angle of incidence, water content, frequency of the
signal, transmissivity of the material at that frequency, etc.
In the 10cm radar (used by tanks and ground troops to find each other) even
leaves will bounce a signal.
Exaclty. The issue then is what do we do with the signal once we've got it
directed where we want it. For EM signals we want to get them to a ground
plane so they go away and don't exist anymore.
If it doesn't exist anymore you can't very well tap it.
True enough, but the physics are applicable. Don't confuse cause with
As to microwave ovens leaking, yes but they leak orders of magnitude less
which makes them orders of magnitude harder to detect. That is the point to
TEMPEST after all, take advantage of the 1/r^2 law so the mallet has to be
sitting right in your lap to get a good field strength.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 06:00:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to test *your* microwave oven distribution pattern. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Yes, but they don't give you as easily measured level of the incident
with a neon bulb or a flourescent tube (what I prefer) you have a hard time
mapping radiation level to brightness with commenly available photometers.
Photo quality stuff isn't nearly accurate enough.
Sand has lots of piezo. You don't want piezo because the ground pressure on
the stake will cause excessive noise.
As to non-conductive, you *WANT* it to be conductive otherwise the signals
will form ground waves and propogate horizontaly. You can see this with
radar signals from aircraft that bounce off the tarmac (I used to live next
to the Austin airport and had access to a spectrum analyzer).
If the ground plane isn't conductive it isn't a ground plane.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 06:46:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Well let's see....
control over some geographic area
arbitration of conflict
tithe from the inhabitants of that area
regulation of economic systems by controlling the medium of trade (ie money)
No, government control economies that's not the same thing as having
re-allocation of wealth as a goal. That's more a responsbility of a business
than a government. Governments, at least in principle, are concerned with
stable economies and the continued existance of same. Who exactly, if
anyone, is holder of that wealth is in principle irrelevant to the
definition of political systems as a general expression of human psychology.
Though it is clear the devil is in the details.
It sounds like an expression of the social aspects of human psychology.
Whether it's a church, industry consortium, local LEA, local fire dept.,
Who cares whether it's heirarchical or flat (as in an anarchy or
free-market). The point is that abuse takes place.
It is no more ethical to bash somebodies brains in under an anarchy than it
is in a democracy or a communicsm.
Sounds like an expression of the range of human beliefs. Whether something
is right, wrong, stupid, etc. is a function of individual statements of
importance and ranking of consequences.
Which unfortunately includes the neighbor being able to take your property
by force since he believes it's right.
Tell that to the mother of the kid who got killed last night because he had
something somebody else wanted. Also explain to here how under an anarchy
there isn't any recourse for her other than to try to find that person
herself and kill them....
Yep, that is a very efficient and ethical system you wanna build.
 My statement above simply lays out the position having Privacy
Freedom is the right to do what you want *WITHOUT* impinging or otherwise
limiting others right to express their desires and wants.
Anarchy clearly won't do that.
If privacy exists you don't have to hide things because nobodies looking in
the first place.
You only need to hide things if you're reasonably certain somebody else
wants it.
Yep, like there are varying degrees of pregnancy. Either somebody is looking
or they aren't.
No, that is varying degrees of *respect* for privacy. Not the same animal at
Without impinging on others freedom.
It's worth noting that anarchist don't add that last one in there because it
blows their whole little house of cards completely away.
No, there are varying degrees of respect for freedom.
Sure it is, because under anarchy there is no protection that one persons
expression won't interfere with anothers expression without resorting to
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 09:14:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to test *your* microwave oven distribution pattern. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You said more than you know with that one.
Charge flows from the high charge area to the low charge area *always* and
ground is by definition the lowest charge area there is. Just like water
*always* flows from the high PE to the low PE.
That's gravity, not electrostatics. There are no intractable problems
regarding n-body electrostatics issues as there is with gravity. Now of
course in the real world we can't get one without the other, but you didn't
mention that aspect.
DC potentials have no effect on a wave anyway, they don't emit photons. They
are a physical representation of a line intergral. The potential between two
points is not effected by the path taken to get between the two points.
Then why in hell did you bring it up in the first place.
I smell spin doctor bullshit coming....
There is no wave with DC. If you want to make a wave you have to *move* the
DC field generator or the measurement device.
Now the charge that is *in* the box will leak to the outside of the shield
*even if it's an insulator*, it's called charge tunneling.
Depends on a wave of what. If we're talking electrostatics then yes Earth is
special. I would direct you to many of Nikola Tesla's work on this exact
topic but you probably wouldn't read it. It's special because the Earth
itself has a charge and that interacts with the charge on the box. If the
charges are opposite they attract and the box moves toward the Earth (the
Earth moves toward the box as well but the delta rho is inconsequential so
we usualy ignore it). If the charges are identical then the two move apart.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 09:21:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Grounding (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And you'll build a hell of a charge on it which will travel down the
connecting cable that you have pounded into the Earth. It's not a question of a Schroedingers Wave Equation, it's a question of
Maxwell's Equations.
What conductor? The shell is equipotential unless you're trying to play head
games with me so there follows there can be no current flow through it
except radialy to the outside of the sphere.
Let's walk through it using your model....
The spark gap generates sparks and that builds up free electrons in the
space inside the sphere (whether it is gas filled or a vacuum is
irrelevant). As that charge builds up it will be all of one type, electrons.
Now the electrons repel each other and therefor move in a circular motion
with the spark gap as the center. They strike the surface of the sphere and
tunnel through to the outside surface where they reside. The amount of
charge at any one point is related to the curvature of the surface at that
point. Since a sphere is constant curvature the charge will be evenly
distributed. It will continue to build up so long as you supply power to the
spark gap. In an ideal world it will get bigger and bigger. In the real
world at some point insulation breaks down and normal current flow takes
As to the 3 Laws of Thermodynamics, you should use Heinz Pagels (RIP) as
they are much funnier and a lot easier to understand and apply:
1. You can't break even
2. You can't get ahead
3. You can't quit the game
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 10:01:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Don't try to change the subject. Just because you don't find taxes
worthwhile doesn't mean others do as well. My bitch is about the amount and
the way it's legislated, not about paying them. I'd sure as hell rather pay
taxes for police, fire, ems, etc. than try to deal with that all myself. If
that were the case we wouldn't have a very high level of society since
nobody would have time to run businesses, write great books, make movies,
develop computers, etc. They'd be too damn busy sneaking up on the deer or
shooting/stealing their neighbors food/wife.
It's one of the defining characteristics that allow a government to be a
economic factor in the economic system, contrary to the original thesis.
Can you say fucked up non-working economy if there isn't some
standardization of monetary systems? I can see it now if folks like you get
your way. When I go to Louisiana I'll need a whole new currency that I can't
trade my Texas money for. Yep, that's an optimal way to run an economy.
Don't change the subject (again).
Economics *is* human behaviour, the science is the tools that we use to
describe what happens *after* the fact and if we're right we might even be
able to make some small usable predictions about what people in a gross
level will do in the future. If you are trying to extend economics to the
extent of trying to predict the micro-economic actions of individuals then
you don't understand macro or micro economics very well.
Everything self desctructs at one point or another. Besides this issue is
irrelevant and immaterial to whether it is legitimate to consider a
government as an economic partner in a economic system, and whether that
model for government includes aspects normaly thought of as being a
commercial enterprise.
Again, stay on topic.
You are lost in a dream world, all government are competitive. Ask
Clinton, Hussein, Pinochet, Netanyahuh, etc. Why? Because people are
competitive, it's the way biology works.
It never happens that way. The *only* time you have a power void is when
there are no governments in the first place. Once they are established other
governments and systems move in to take over the territory. It's quite
biological (which shouldn't surprise anyone) in its behaviour. Usualy a
government ceases because another government (whether internal or external
is irrelevant to the point at hand) moves in and destroys the base of the
original government. It might be by force but the fall of the CCCP clearly
indicates that we are seeing governments change their systems radicaly
without the violence, destruction, and death that historicaly such changes
have required. The fall of the CCCP is a watershed event because it
indicates that government systems can in fact change without these effects,
that is a very hopeful sign.
No, the fundamental law of economics is greed/desire/want/etc. Supply and
demand is how we describe the consequences of the flow of goods and
Now exactly why you're bringing up economics when the issue in this case was
the base motivations of politics smacks of a strawman.
Oh baloney. There are two aspects of organized human society (ie politics).
Self-defence and self-sufficiency. The first requires brute force and the
second requires some mechanism of trade. For a society to get very large at
all *requires* a generalization of the barter system to a symbolic one, that
symbol is money.
First, the money supply was created by a popular vote, not a government fiat
because there was no government to execute the fiat at the time.
Now as to money being tied to politics, see the paragraph above.
No, the discussion was the viability of modeling a government as a economic
entity within the economic system of a geographic region and what that
meant. There was also a side issue relating privacy and freedom to anarchy.
No, that is respect for privacy. Secrecy is the intentional act of hiding
information that one doesn't want others to discover, not the same horse at
No, to invade privacy is to disrespect it. Discretion is knowing when to do
it and not get caught.
Not necessarily. I can invade my childrens privacy and there is no economic
cost or benefit. My neighbor can rifle my mail and there is no cost one way
or the other (unless they steal my paycheck and that's a whole nother
issue). The government could tap my phone and there would be no economic
impact. Privacy does not require the issue of economics to brought into it
until we begin to discuss economic strategies. It is the issue of money that
brings privacy into the discussion and not the other way around.
No, it is clear that governments are bound by the will of their citizens,
their economy, geography, and their technology. They are not omnipotent.
No it isn't. I regulate my dogs behavior and don't use force. Football games
are regulated by rules and they aren't imposed by force. The way my company
works is very regulated but there is no force involved.
No, regulation does not automaticaly imply force. Where force comes into
play is when the issue being regulated effects many individuals and some of
those individuals want the benefits but don't want to pay the costs. They
want a free ride at others expense.
This is a non-sequetar, governments define legality they are not defined by
it. There isn't some outside agency that defines what a government will do,
it's internal to the government and its participants.
Yeah, so. I don't believe this is relevant since we all agree on this. It's
a function of human nature to try to get in a position of special favor so
at least some rules don't apply to you. It's a competitive advantage.
People are corruptable, governments are simply the framework they create to
express it.
I got news for you dude, I catch you in my truck after dark or running down
the street with my property I'm perfectly within my rights to initiate
You mean in an insiteful manner. You aren't talking about reacting to
something you're veiled comment is to allow yourself for example to buy a
weapon and kill me (for example) simply because you're pissed off about
something. It surprises you that I and others won't give you that freedom?
papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. That in fact does allow you to shoot somebody if they enter your home
illegaly, even a police officer. If you're being raped and shoot a cop it's
perfectly legal. If he's beating the shit out of you it's perfectly legal to
defend yourself, even to the point of killing the officer.
The problem is your not wanting to use it in immediate self-defence, you're
talking about going out and mowing people down simply because your pissed
off at what they stand for and you can't get your way. Your pissed off, like
all anarchist, that you can't take advantage of people with impunity.
A childish and petulant view.
I'm going to stop now since the rest of your email is more of the same.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 10:15:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Who Cares (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Many of the people are in that situation. Most people don't vote for two
1.	It won't significantly effect their lives one way or the other
2.	They don't have time, or at least don't believe they have time.
Yeah, why? (hint: see 1.)
Then Terry Pratchet is an idiot. People don't want it to stay the same, they
want it to get better. They want more money, a bigger house, better clothes,
a cooler car, etc.
If you and Terry seriously don't believe folks understand democracy (though
they may not act the way you want them to in expressing it) then you should
spend some time talking to people and askign them how much they would take
to get rid of the Constitution, allow cops to wander through their homes at
will, etc.
You're both in for a very rude surprise.
True, though I'd say the reason that we don't have a more diverse political
venue is because we don't have proportional seating in the various houses.
That was a fundamental fault with the founding fathers, they misunderstood
the homogeneity of peoples view. Of course they didn't have a clue about
television and such causing a global homogeniety. But then again, that is our
cross to bear in living up to 'a more perfect union'.
The one unifying aspect that amazes me about many of you folks on this
mailing list is your complete lack of understanding of your own duty and
responsibilities in this government. You bitch and bitch and yammer about
what's wrong but you have no desire to fix it, your so focused on initiating
violence it's pathetic. When the Constitutuion was written the job was just
begun, it wasn't finished as you seem to imply.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-06 10:16:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Who Cares (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Politicians are, unfortunately the problem is the people who becom
We're waiting....
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-07 08:10:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy a black market is usualy goods gotten through theft or other illegal
means, not necessarily anything related to how or what is sold. If you don't
corrupt free-market to include legitimizing theft as a viable market
strategy then yes, you can in fact have a black market in a free-market.
Let's consider auto-theft. The issue isn't that you can't buy the car
through legitimate means, it just means you have to have more resources than
you have. So what do you do? You find somebody whose stolen a vehicle and is
willing to sell it to you at a discount.
Too strict and unrealistic a definition of black market.
Of course not since we've now legitimized theft and murder with your
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-07 09:07:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Grounding (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The problem is we're not discussing a particle in a box. We're discussing
the statistical mechanical behaviour of a group of particles. Apples and
oranges. One, you're scale of distance between the two is off by orders of
magnitude. Secondly, you're considering an electron carrying a photon as a
single wavicle, it ain't. It's a superposition of several wavicles (3 quarks
and a lepton to be exact under the standard model). Thirdly, you're trying
to model a group of particles as a single instance of Schroedengers Wave
equation, a big no no. Fourthly, you're failing to take into account the
interactions between the particles and those consequences because of mass
charge, which after all is the engine that drives this model.
In reference to your particle-in-a-box model, the point you seem to miss is
that the scale of the box is on the order of a few Planck distances. That
behaviour is grossly different than a ball 10 in. in diameter filled with a
gas of electrons (and potentialy protons if it's not a vacuum) all carrying
short-wavelength photons around.
Where did the AC come from? We're talking about a spark gap that is only
going to emit electrons *and* is run by a battery (it's your baby). Where
the hell do I buy an AC battery pray tell?
Where? Under your example there is no mass charge flow because ground is
irrelevant. So we're left with only the gas like behaviours. Now it's
clear that the individual particle paths are going to be modelled via a
drunkards walk. So, where does this coherent flow come from?
If there is a flow it implies, because of the behaviour of like/dislike
charges, that there is a difference in charge.
What the hell are you talking about?....
Here's what we're discussing:
A generator emits electrons which carry a negative charge.
These electrons each also carry a photon of some quantity.
Like charges repel.
When a photon strikes an atom it will be absorbed if it's wavelength matches
one of the Bohr radii. This may cause one or more secondary photons to be
emitted as a result.
The assumption was the spark gap is in the center of the ball.
Because the spark gaps emission of electrons is random the resultant cloud
of particles can be modelled as a gas that is expanding from a point source.
The expansion is driven by the repelling effect of the charges.
This causes the the particles at time tau to, on average - remember we're
talking statistical mechanics here, expand at an equal rate, in effect
forming a bubble of particles coherent with tau. That rate is usualy related
to k * sqrt ( s ).
As the charges expand some will emit photons. Some of the atoms in the shell
will emit photons. Some of each will absorb photons.
At some point (tau + delta) the charge impacts the shell. This will in
effect increase the charge of the shell by 1 -e.
Now, by Gauss's Law, this charge in the gas will induce an opposite charge
on the inside surface of the globe.
Unlike charges attract. Therefore the gas of electrons are attracted to the
inside surface. Now since the globe is neutral it must follow by
conservation of charge that there is a negative charge equal to the charge
held in the gas on the *OUTSIDE* of the ball.
This is in addition to the charge that steadily builds up in the shell as
the electrons accrete over time. This can be modelled with an integral of
the flow rate of the current in the battery (it after all is Coulombs/s).
It's not too hard (k * I). (I'm not going to go into what happens as the
charge on the shell builds up as we're discussing here the applicability of
wave equations as a reliable model).
So what do you get? A hell of a charge that will go bang at some point when
some insulation give way.
J. Orear
ISBN 0-02-389460-1
pp. 304
"Electrical Induction"
He uses your exact model except for the tether. It's a classic in Freshman
Physics and science museums.
So what if the electron gives it's photon up to another which causes it to
bounce around through the Cu lattice till it gets to the other side knocking
an electron free (conservation of momentum) or emitting a free photon (which
is what we're *REALLY* talking about reducing with TEMPEST - you could think
of it as cooling the laptop at rf frequencies if you like, you could model
it with a spin-glass based cellular automaton). It's called charge migration
and there are also effects at high voltage which is called charge tunneling.
If you examine the literature of Japanese hi-v researchers they have become
adept at causing ball lightening to tunnel through insulators. It's pretty
interesting. There are also quite a few cases where the inducement fails and
the result is a broken ceramic plate because of the heating effects.
[rest deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-08 01:43:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That isn't a reasonable statement. There is nothing in the definition or
application of 'government' or 'individual rights' that preclude this. The
issue becomes in a practical sense how the practitioners of a government
system respect individual rights. If they are willing to do away with them
to protect them (as we seem to be moving toward in this country) then of
course there are no individual rights.
Of course, this implies there are no collective rights either.
What has that to do with protecting individual rights? Clarify please.
This is a quaint and completely artificial distinction.
We also see quite a few situations where the opposite occurs as well.
Anyone who assumes noble oblige is an idiot. There are no enlightened
people, intelligence and wealth no more prepare an individual for a
position in government than they prepare them for anything else.
Rich/intelligent people don't make less mistakes than those who aren't.
If you're talking of Hayek's equilibrium, it's nothing more than a
bastardization of a thermodynamics term to represent the status quo.
Equilabrium in the economic sense simply means that people do today what
they did yesterday. In general they do about as often as they don't.
Evil? Where did religion come into this at?
There have been several since then. The Civil War and the civil rights
movement in the 60's are two good examples (on the opposite end of the
'use-of-violence' scales).
No, that was a non-federalist state where the individual states acted as
individuals in a collective. Because of the collective nature of the state
governments it didn't work. A minimalist state would be anarchy.
No it isn't the only way. The only way is to clearly define the duties of
each level of government and build a system of checks and balances that
prohibit them from moving outside their domains. A good first attempt at
this was the Constitution and the Bill of Rights (in particular 9 & 10).
The problem is that there are individuals who don't want to be limited in
their authority. It's a person problem not a government problem.
Morality? Why do you keep bringing religion and individual beliefs into it?
A person is, they don't belong to anyone.
It should be:
Any act that harms a person or their property without their prior permission
is a crime. There are no exceptions other than immediate personal self
defence, which terminates upon the application of minimal force to guarantee
the threat will not reoccur (in many cases this means kill the attacker).
This should apply to all individuals participating in a governmental role as
By it's own admission they are protected from denial by the 9th and 10th so
they don't need to be listed (unlike the 10th lists the duties of the
government system). The problem is conservatives and liberals alike don't
respect those boundaries. They want more.
Now you're doing exactly what you are complaining about. Your defining others
rights when you don't want them defining yours.
People may very well have a right to welfare and an education (I believe
people have a civil right to medical and legal advice gratis - stems from
the pursuit of life, liberty, and happiness). The issue isn't that. The
issue is *what are the duties of the government as defined in its charter*.
If those duties are not in there (and they're not) then it shouldn't be
doing it without an amendment from the charter.
Go read the Constitution, it's true here in our governemnt though many
people don't want it to be so. As a result they find all kinds of childish
and inane reasons to deny the obvious.
Like it or not the federal governments panapoly of current powers are as
vacous as the king is naked.
It's like executive orders, unless you happen to work for the executive
branch they aren't worth the paper they're written on. Why? Because at no
point is the office of President given this authority over anyone other than
executive branch employees. He has no more authority to dictate general
behaviour via that mechanism than you or I do - zero. Per the 10th there is
not one sentence in the Constitution that delegates that authority to the
There is more at stake than toleration or trust. You paint with too narrow a
brush. If you're saying we should have anarchy then you're as kooky as the
people who don't literaly interpret the Constitution.
First, it is one of everything-goes because there is no mechanism that will
stop anybody from doing anything. There are NO concepts of *rights* in such
a system, let alone individual rights. If anything the only rights are who
has the capitalist backing to stave off the anarchic forces. That's not
justice, equality, or respect for rights.
Attack me with your body and property and watch it happen junior.
Oh bullshit. There is much more involved like not stealing which isn't the
use of force and allowed by your anarcho-capatilism as well as your
definition of valid use of force above.
It's gibberish.
Will you get religion the hell out of here please. Y is obviously popular
with X or else they wouldn't have used it. It further follows that there are
more than one X-type out there. So your premise falls down on its face in
the dirt.
With who? In an anarcho-capitalist society as you paint it the optimal strategy
is to allow others to reduce your competition opening up the market for you.
Let's take an example. Imagine we live on a street and we notice a person
going from house to house down the other side of the street. What is our
optimal strategy? It isn't to call the cops (there aren't any) and it isn't
to immediately kill the intruder (it isn't our property after all) since
there is an opportunity to make a considerable gain here improving our
status in the society as a whole. The optimal strategy is to wait and let
this bozo kill our neighbors up to our house and *then* kill the intruder.
At that point we have just inhereted an entire street of houses and its
included properties. You put up a fence across each end of the street and
wallah, your own little fifedom. If you're really lucky something similar
will happen on the next street over and they won't be as lucky at killing
the intruder. Then after they are all dead and the intruder has consolidated
their gains (probably by fencing their street in) you can begin to scheme
ways of taking that property since its obvious yours is next.
Wait a second, there is no law to enforce here outside of make money, obtain
property, keep somebody else from taking it.
In summary a free-market is a anarchy of kill or be killed, take or get
taken. He with the most goodies wins until somebody with a better strategy
comes along. There is nothing to moderate the use of force, especialy when
its the optimal strategy to increase ones holdings.
Your spouting gibberish.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-08 02:04:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stip club plays by rules and wins...for now [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[rest deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-08 02:23:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A question about the new ISP ruling and email... 
I was pondering the draconian implications of the requirement to register
ISP's. Would an email only site be an ISP under these regulations?
What I had in mind was a box sitting here on a link to the Internet and
several local dial-ins. When a user logged in they could start pine, elm,
slip, or ppp. It would support inbound only telnet. The only commands that
would execute besides the above would be exit, quit, bye. There would not
need to be any directory access or related issues. The only storage avaiable
would be quotas on email buffer size.
Would such a commercial entity require registry to be protected?
I have to talk with a lawyer and find out if TAG needs registered. If so
then I'd be interested in participating in a civil liberties suit.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-08 04:05:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Identification and Privacy are not Antinomies (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What the powers-that-be hold is realy irrelevant. The issue is what do we do
to make sure that the powers-that-are-to-be don't have that option?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-08 12:33:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A question about the new ISP ruling and email... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That pretty much covers anyone other than a end-user/subscriber. This means
anonymous remailers, mailing list hosting services, email services, etc.
Does 'hosted material' mean material that is put up by the ISP itself or
does it also include material made available by subscribers?
Ah, so there's more than simple registration...
Wait a second, I'm no cop. If somebody places copyrighted material on SSZ
for example I can see bringing suite against that party, but forcing me to
punish them by removing their account is over the line. Do I get restitution
for lost services from the copyright holder since I'm acting as their agent?
So this is voluntary?
Meaning they themselves aren't copyrighted?
Imposition of *any* cost is a substantial burden.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-09 03:36:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Crunch Time for Y2K Suppliers (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True, but since when is freedom of speech, association, and press related to
wired (or you) making a profit?
I feel zero social responsibility to tell people to go there and read it
when I can send a snippet of it to them directly and save them the time,
effort, and bandwidth. I personaly absolutely *HATE* to recieve a piece of
email that contains nothing but a URL, it's worthless - lacks all context.
Don't like folks sending partial or whole articles to foster discussion,
learn to love it or live with it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-09 04:08:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Ah, what the hell. It's a good day to practice the golden rule.
Forwarded message:
Speakin of pointless anonymous know-it-all bullshit ....
Actualy they carry the probability wave for the photon (which technicaly
could be anywhere in the universe at any given time because of space
contraction caused by relativistic effects), but for this particular
discussion which concerns ionized or non-correlated electrons carrying a
unit charge and Joules of energy (which is where the photon comes in you
anonymous fucking ignoramus) saying the electron is carrying a photon is
Well actualy to be absolutely exact the photon is locked between the protons
and the electron. It is *NEVER* gone or destroyed. You can't destroy energy,
only transform it's form. The photon is *NEVER* absorbed by anything.
Now exactly how is the 'higher energy' level expressed?  By a *PHOTON* of
shorter wavelength (E=hv) you know-nothing smart-ass anonymous dick-muncher.
Only when they are not correlated to a particle such as a proton or an
electron. When an electron or a proton carry a packet of energy (measured in
Joules) it most certainly carries a photon. Let's look at the electrical
characteristic called voltage (you probably haven't heard of this since the
rest of your pseudo-science is as full of bullshit as your mouth) which is
measured in Joules/Coulomb. Now a Coulomb of electrons moving past a given
point in a unit second is an Amp of current. Want to explain how those
electrons manage to carry those Joules of photons if their isn't a
correlation? I didn't think you did you anonymous lying sack of horse sperm.
Since photons *ARE* light (you fucking anonymous ninny) your last point is
irrelevant and redundant. Of course they ALWAYS travel at the speed of
light, it's how we define light in the first place.
Quarks are constituents of hadrons you dumbass prick sucking gay boy. Protons
and Neutrons are hadrons built from 3 quarks and some other bosons (some
vector and some not) that glue the nucleus together. Electrons and photons
are called Leptons (because they are their own vector boson). Electrons carry
electrical unit negative charge and photons carry EM fields.
A Baryon is a distinction based on the type of quarks that make up the
hadron. If the paticle is made up of no anti-quarks it's a baryon, othwise
it's a meson.
God, what a load of quantum mechanical horse hockey you spout this fine
Sunday morning. I can't hardly wait to see what other anonymous drivel you
spew out of your syphilis infested mouth next.
Then you need to go back to school and learn Gauss's Law all over again.
It's ok, you'll probably get it in the first semester unless they recognize
what a dumb-ass you are and put you in the remedial section. Then I believe
you'll be scheduled to cover those topics your Junior year.
Which is the whole point to this exercise. The simple fact that I can put a
battery powered radio in a metal sphere as described and *STILL* receive
the signal proves the model works within the constraints of the original
Don't believe me? Try it at home with a couple of collanders soldered
The charge is re-distributed to the surface of the sphere, the total charge
of the entire system does stay constant (at least until the insulation
breaks down).
If that were so we wouldn't have a spark in the ball to begin with.
Who said anything about a spark gap transmitter? We were talking about a
battery powered spark gap. Not the same thing at all you anonymous weenie
Oh, your just jealous I want let you suck my dick junior.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-09 05:02:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Milton Friedmann get's pied.... 
Seems the Mayor of San Fran and Milton have something in commen....
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
ps I didn't forward anything from this so that nobody'd get upset they
   missed their meal-train.

@_date: 1998-11-09 05:03:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Of that we agree. Which is why I will continue to believe the issues we deal
with are not government problems but people problems.
Well to be even more exact, they offer a guarantee of retribution if they
can catch or prove somebody broke a law.
Of course we could posit a government that pairs everyone up in groups of
two (a perpetual no-lone zone), the ultimate police state.
I suspect we're playing word games here with 'protect'. I am not refering to
what my neighbor does to me when he gets pissed off that my stereo is too
loud. That obviously the government (local, state, or federal) can do
nothing about a priori. Where the governemnt (at all levels) *CAN* in fact
protect individual rights is the way they create the laws they enforce on
all citizens (eg tax laws or dope-smoking laws). Those most certainly can be
crafted to prevent abuse of civil liberties. Our own Constitution is a
perfect example. The problem is the *people* who we elect believe they are
above it and instead of asking "Do the laws we pass conform to the letter
and intent of the Constitution?" instead state "It's a flexible document
that is hard to interpet because of wording and changes in society". They
want an out to not have to play by the rules. Nothing more and nothing less.
See above. It isn't the rules that matter, it's the respect the arbiters of
the rules have *for* the rules that matter. With that clearly in mind *any*
mechanism is doomed to fail from the beginning.
So you wouldn't have to stand there and watch your house burn to the slab.
So you would have help finding the perpetrator who raped your daughter last
night. So when you drive down the street it isn't a whole filled muddy tract
through a economicaly impoverished wasteland. So when you write a check you
know there is something behind it that is trustworthy. So when you have that
wrech late some rainy night there is an ambulance and a hospital to take you
As to your (and others) particular focus on taxes, all it would take to
resolve that issue is a single law:
No citizen may have their home, personal property, or their liberty
infringed or removed because of tardy taxes. Of course I'd add a section in
there that would direct the tax accessor of the appropriate local to send a
note to all relevant services to refuse to provide services to you. I'd even
them impound vehicles that were operated on public streets without the
appropriate licenses.
Don't want to let your house burn down, fine. Let the fucker burn to the
slab. Your daughter gets raped, fine. You figure out who did it on your own.
Don't want to pay vehicle and related taxes, fine don't drive your vehicle
on public streets.
Just face it. It isn't the threat of violence that pisses you off. It's that
you have social responsibilities to those around you. Taxes represent a
responsibility that you don't want and to hell with the consequences.
No state can govern those who don't wish to be governed, violence or no.
[I've deleted a great gob of this since it's the same just rehashed in
different sentences.]
And to answer a specific question, I'm familiar with Dawkins work.
What time of year is it? If we're talking in the spring when they're just
out of hibernation they will begin to attack immediately. If it is two males
in rut in the fall they will attack immediately. If you examine the way
Alaskan Browns share the Salmon runs in the spring you will find ample
evidence why Dawkins example isn't worth the paper it's writ on.
Malarcky. I'm familiar with the way bears and other mammals work and this is
gibberish. Unless the bears are related one of them will be finding another
bush pronto.
Except your forgetting the nature of bears. Except in heat bears are
solitary animals. They don't like groups and avoid them. They defend their
territory to whatever level of force is required. In most cases (Alaskan
Brown are a well studied example you can find tons of literature on) they
will not even approach each other closer than several hundred feet. So the
question of them sharing a berry bush is a contrived example that is
irrelevant and doesn't occur in nature outside of family groups that are
transient and only last 1-2 years depending on the type of bear and the food
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-09 05:04:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Advertising Creepiness (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
When it is non-profit, and is equivalent to my neighbor bringing his morning
paper over to show me a story (I don't subscribe to the paper so I haven't a
license with the copyright holder in principle or practice) he wants to talk
With the way the law is going that will soon be illegal for me to even look
at the paper, though we can probably still talk about it.
Though the probable next step is to make even that verbal recitation
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-09 05:10:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Discover Alien Life With Your PC And SETI (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The problem becomes the 1/r^2 losses. The receivers on this end have fixed
lower end to their sensitivity that sets a minimal effective energy output
at the transmitter. If you do the math you find that the entire Earth
doesn't generate enough energy to send a spread-spectrum wide-band signal
more than a few light-years out, not worth the effort or the social costs
(nobody'd know about it because radio and television and such wouldn't be
available since we're using all *that* energy for sending the signal).
This might work for a hive mentality society but not for people.
Since it's only been transmitting intermittenly about 30 years that's more
than a tad moot.
Spread spectrum won't effect the beam angle of the dish, that's set when the
dish is designed - spread spectrum or not. Also you'll need to build a new
set of LMB's since the old ones won't be able to handle the frequency range
or the gross power input required to keep the new signal at a given
frequency at a respectible power level with the other frequencies we're now
operating on in parallel. That baby's gonna get hot.
It's amazing how much you can pull in when you increase the sensitivity of
the front-end and use mechanisms to reduce noise.
Then you haven't been keeping up with the Million Channel Receiver system
that has been operating at Aricebo for several years. You also haven't been
keeping up with the folks out at White Sands either who also impliment
receivers of the same spread-spectrum type. Just about all the current big
money (there ain't any since the feds cut the budget several years ago)
projects use this system and the small-money and individual projects also
impliment it but at a lower range of bandwidth sampled.
It isn't that these folks don't want to use the latest technology it's that
they can't.....$$$.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-09 06:07:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Woah. This extension into foreign powers and such is an entirely different
venue. The entire discussion is based around the question of a government
and those citizens within it. When we start talking about multiple
government and multiple citizen sets the whole issue is orders of magnitude
more complex.
Tell that to the hostages that were killed during the occupation of France.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 01:12:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
How do they tell if you pay taxes now? They keep records. The taxpayer could
also be issued a receipt as proof. Make it DL sized and it'd go right in
your wallat.
It would actualy reduce the amount of paperwork because the vast amount of
enforcement labor and resources wouldn't be needed.
Then there is the obvious observation that folks such as yourself wouldn't
lie about not-being a tax-payer if asked by the nice fireman who just saved
your house (after all it would be a serious crime).
Me thinks you protest too much. It isn't that you don't want to pay taxes,
or that you object to paying higher costs for services than a regular tax
payer. You simply want somebody else to pay for the services you use at
no cost to yourself.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 01:28:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
It was a reply to your statement. If you don't want people to ask questions
or draw conclusions from your statements then perhaps you should rething
even making those statements. As to sarcasm, there was none in my original
No, I expressed an opinion as to your motivation. Opinions never insult
except when presented as fact. I did not do that.
Me still thinks yo protest too much.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 02:08:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I simply based it on your apparent motivations based on your statements.
I'm waiting...
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:24:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy, no. I'm perfectly happy to let you run around paying no taxes on
your income. The part you're not going to like is that I'm also not going to
let you reap one iota of benefit from those systems that are built and
developed by those of us who do pay taxes without a cost. And the cost will
be more than what the necessary taxes would have been. Hell, a free-market
capitalist shouldn't begrudge a tidy profit anyone under any situation.
Neither am I, unfortunately paying taxes or not won't resolve those sorts of
issues. What is required is public over-watch groups (as was recently
implimented in Austin, pisses the cops off big time) and a change in the way
we run our prisons. As to the way people are currently treated prior to
being found guilty at a trial is an abuse of power on the part of those
parties involved and clearly cruel and unusual punishment for an innocent
Of course the *REAL* problem isn't the police. It's the people who make the
laws that the police are sworn to uphold and the judges with a social agenda
(that is not relevant to their job however much they may squeel like pigs).
That process *is* most certainly an ideal place to inject consideration and
respect for civil liberties and the purvue of government institutions.
And you probably don't now (Does a Bronco II weigh 2 tons?). In actuality
you don't pay the gas taxes, the vehicle registration, license fees,
inspection, requisite insurance, etc. for your bicycle. I bet you don't even
have to license your bike to ride it on the city streets.
The Constitution happens to mention that the federal government is detailed
with taking care of the general welfare. If you don't like that sort of stuff
then get a Constitutional amendment passed.
Unfortunately, that is what social responsibility is - giving with in
personal gain. That ultimately is what drives the bee up your butt.
Agreed. Throwing the Constitution away won't fix that and going to a
free-market monopolistic no-social-responsibility-at-all system such as
anarcho-capitalism is sure won't do it.
Oh what hyperbole. You make it sound like the Nazi's have invaded. They
haven't. Yes, there are misguided people out there. Yes, there are just
plain old corrupt people out there. That won't change irrespective of the
political system (or lack of one). They don't just go out and pick people
off the street and shoot them you're over-reacting and succumbing to a
paranoid delusion of persecution.
Unless you kill somebody or move a few tons of coke your individual chances
of being killed by the state is less than being struck by lightening.
Actualy I read it twice before I even decide if I'm going to reply.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:26:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
There is certainly little historical evidence to support such a thesis.
Cryptography is the bane of anyone who wants to listen in, it's not just
nation-states that get hit with it. As to geodesic communications, it's been
around a lot longer than the Internet and nation states are still here.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:39:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: charity at the point of a gun (Re: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This attitude is exactly why such system as anarchy won't ever work.
It's true as much now as it was at the height of the American or French
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:39:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Grounding (last slice of spam?) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ok, your guilty.
Perhaps, but it doesn't change the fact that a cloud of like-charged
particles expand in a cloud of equi-radius (which when looked at in side
view is circular).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:53:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
No, I didn't. First off your assumption that the charge in the battery is
neutral is faulty. No such point was ever made. I also mentioned this fact
when I brought up the Van DeGraff.
Actualy, no it doesn't. What Gauss' Law does state is that if there is a
neutral ball and there is a point charge within it there will be a contrary
but equal charge imposed on the inside surface of the globe. As a result of
charge conservation there must be a equal and opposite (hence negative)
charge that is equal to the point charge inside the globe on the outside of
the globe.
And the anonymous person has forgotten that we never defined the mechanism
of how the battery worked. It might very well have started out with a
net-negative charge. I didn't invent the model, just simply worked within
it. I also, on two seperate occassions, mentioned that I was not going to
deal with the net charge that gets deposited on the globe because of the
complexity it adds to the model.
No, Gauss Law says at all times the charge on the sphere must stay equal for
point charges. Since the spark gap is by defintion emitting electrons it
doesn't qualify as a point charge. I brought this up as well in reference to
the Van DeGraff. Gauss's Law does say that any excess charge on the inside
of the globe will propogate to the outside of the globe.
Now each of those free electrons IS a point charge. You follow Gauss's Law
through the same process and what do you get....a charge equal to the
electron on the outside of the surface.
No, it wouldn't. The charge inside the sphere is exactly canceled by the
charge induced on the inside of the sphere (+ + - = 0) by Gauss's Law. Now
since the sphere is neutral, and we've induced that positive charge there
must be a balancing negative charge. That charge rests on the other
(outside) surface of the sphere. All that's taken place is that the universe
has created a situation where you can't steal charge and hide it where it
can't be found.
That WOULD violate conservation of charge.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 11:10:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Jesus, it's a miracle. Blanc and I actualy agree....I think I'm gonna faint.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 11:13:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So what are saying...that because any government ever happened to abuse its
citizens in a particular way is justification to do away with all
This is a strawman.
Well actualy it's whether it has a tax stamp whether you sell it out of a
storefront or a truckbed is irrelevent. Considering the number of people who
died in the late 1800's and early 1900's because of moonshine liquor from
contaminated stills that were unregulated (where were those fine upstanding
ethical considerate eco-anarchists then?) it's probably a good thing that
it's illegal to sell untaxed and therefore anonymous alcohol.
Not necessarily. The doctor has to have a medicaly supportable reason to
dispence those drugs. Otherwise it's just as black market as Joe's.
So, we've already established this as a viable mechanism. Rehash old hash.
Didn't think of theft? Jesus H. Christ, you gotta be on Joe's drugs. The
vast majority of material sold on *ANY* black market is stolen from its
rightful owner. It is *the* example of black market trading that most folks
think of first.
Well, at least you're an honest eco-anarchist. And how do you propose to stop
this sort of behaviour (it's clear that there is a market whether the
economy is free-market or not) without some sort of 3rd party arbiter (call
it government or not is irrelevant to the point)?
How the hell do you sell something on the black market if you don't have
possession of it? And exactly who is going to prosecute anyone for
possession? Since we've done away with laws governing economics and trade
there isn't even a court to try the perps in if we did apprehend them
 and the aquireing would be, as well, the _hiring_ of an
Huh? Who is doing all this arresting and writing of laws, and building
jails, and staffing prisons, or hiring hangmen?
We're not in Kansas anymore toto....
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 11:36:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to make non-neutral charge batteries... 
One way a person could generate a battery suitable for the spark gap
experiment to address the conservation of charge issues related to the
battery is to build a mechanism such as:
                2N e-          1N p+
       |
       |
-------------|       |--------------|
             |       |              |
             |       |              |
                                    |
                                    |
------0 0------------------0     0--|
                                    \
                                      \
           spark gap               switch
The two vertical plates above are not a capacitor. They simply represent
some mechanism to hold charge, Leyden Jars for example.
Now when the switch is closed 1 N of e- will combine with 1 N of p+ to form
a neutralization of charge. That will leave a net 1N of e- that will
represent a point charge of that value. That charge will be exposed at the
right contact of the spark gap above.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 11:55:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I have zero desire to discuss this in private. If you don't want to discuss
it here then we won't discuss it.
Each and every one of them, except the criminal courts. I would include the
state and local government as well.
Perhaps you could think of it as a discount card....;)
You're doin' fine.
If you don't show them your tax receipt before Jan. 1 of each year they will
remove your address from their delivery list until you do so. If you don't
either pick it up there in person within 10 days, every 10 days it goes back.
The Constitution says they have to deliver your mail. It doesn't say they
have to drop it on your front step.
Personaly I think this would be a great position for those folks who have
learning disabilities but still need a job. The irritation factor alone would
be worth it...;)
Already covered that one.
When you buy your ticket from a commercial carrier and don't present a tax
receipt your ticket price goes WAY! up.
Already covered them too.
When you buy food or drugs if you don't present your tax receipt then you
pay the full price for foods and drugs.
I also covered this one already.
See the one above.
Depends on what *you* mean by progressive or regressive. Personaly I would
go for a flat tax rate but a scaled mechanism would be ok. It isn't the
particular scaling mechanism that I dislike about our current tax system.
Taking a percentage of your monetary income each period (say a year) and
sending it to an address. That address is the suitable tax agent who then
distributes the monies into the appropriate account according to law. The
suitable civic agencies can then draw funds according to law.
Not at all, simply because she is unfortunate enough not to have the income
necessary to participate without causing harm to herself and her family
(perhaps) is no reason to deny her those rights. I'd give her a receipt that
would look just like anybody elses. Now if she didn't want to apply for it
by sending in the paperwork that's her decision. From a government
perspective she is participating fully in the process, it isn't the amount
of money (as foreign as that may be to eco-anarchists and free-market
mavens) that is the issue but the willingness to participate. Nobody is
forcing her to do anything, it's all of her own volition.
No, that isn't right. As to participating in the military, no I didn't give
anyone a choice. I said *draft*, you didn't give up your citizenship when
you gave up your tax participation. Now if you want to give that up to then
we won't draft you but you'll be one broke puppy trying to pay all the
bills as a non-tax-participant and a non-citizen.
I said to you?
As hard as this may be to take, your ability to see it doesn't effect it's
Um, actualy YOU responded to my post. I didn't start this with you.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 12:26:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ok. Let's use the example of fire stations and insurance companies that came
up earlier.
What do you suppose the impact on the bottem line will be by increasing the
amount of non-income-producing-services that such a situation would require?
Each insurance company would be responsible for many, many stations
scattered all over the country. This means some sort of centralized
mechanism to create policies and other procedures and their requisite costs.
Now, consider what that means to the payment each policy holder is going to
have to deal with. It's going to be large because it's going to have to take
up for parts of the company that don't bring in policy income but still
require service coverage.
Now by distributing this system out and assigning it to governments and
providing equitable service to all, no questions asked they're there we, we
get a system that is reasonable in cost and provides good responce.
And we don't have to pay the insurance company a bunch of money to do a job
they don't want to do (otherwise they'd be in the fire fighting business and
not the insurance business).
Lot's of them throw good money after bad. All businesses do. It's human
nature. I know of one company that got so carried away with spending for
little dribbles and drips that they ended up having to stop hiring new
employees that the company desperately needs. I used to work for one,
Compu-Add, that led to its final demise.
Agreed. But the solution is term limits on Congress-critters and a
re-vamping of some critical laws.
Well I happen to come from that sub-culture so I can speak from experience.
The majority of times I or my friends were hassled we were asking for it.
Knowing Lydia's reputation I'd suspect she'd agree.
If anything interesting happens here in Austin with the new over-sight group
I'll send a pointer.
No, and that's my point.
How the hell do you figure that one? It may come out of YOUR state taxes but
it certainly doesn't come out of mine (I don't have state taxes). The funds
for road and such is collected solely through gasoline and auto related
sales taxes in Texas.
Perhaps you should fix your state government...
Now if you're talking about the federal taxes for roads, that has NOTHING to
do with your or my driving vehicles on those roads. It has to do with a
program implimented in the early 20th century to create a good road net in
the US for military use. The taxes are justified in principle, if not in
amount, through commen defense.
We, the People of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. Most of the wars of this century were started either by people acting in
concert willingly (eg Nazi Germany) or pure accident (eg Prince Ferdinand
has already lived through one assissination attempt, a reasonable man would
have gone home).
A lot more than at the hand of honest people, which is my point as well.
These were people, not governments. The citizens willingness to participate
aided and abetted each and every one of them and weakens your use of them in
your defence.
Yep, I see lots of that every day. In one hand you complain about welfare
and then in the other claim that the state is uncaring. Can you please make
up your mind?
Yeah, and if frogs has wings they wouldn't bump their butt when they jumped.
If your process relies on this it's doomed from the get go. This ain't
And Bubba next door as well as that face that stares out at you every
There aren't 1.7M poeple killed in the US by the LEA's. That would be about
1-in-150. There are several hundred people killed by lightening each year in
the US. The number of people killed in activity complicent with LEA's is
probably not a great deal (at most an order of magnitude) over that.
Agreed, one of the reasons I support this mailing list and my local
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 12:43:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I agree in principle. I also believe though that the people who are taking
advantage of the peoples character (it's mentioned in the Declaration of
Indipendance) do so in a pre-meditated way. The people may bear some blame
but they're not doing it out of malice and malpheasance.
It's like those punk kids dressed in leather, tatoos, and pierced body parts
yammering about being different, yet they all look the same.
I agree. Though I don't believe it necessarily requires the majority to do
it. If it does then we may be doomed before we even start. As long as the
government recognizes in any shape, form, or fashion that majority rule is
limited by individual rights there is a chance that a small group dedicated
and forthright can overcome.
God, ain't that the truth. I'm drowning in the damn books trying to keep up
with just a couple of my personal interests.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 13:52:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You can't both ignore and subvert. One is passive the other is active. Now
if your thesis holds that this is a commen sentiment then you're in big
trouble finding mass support (which is what your theory would require to be
valid). I would say the vast majority of people don't share your views.
The technology is certainly unprecedented, I doubt there has been a single
new human emotion or perspective developed because of it; only new venues
for the same old human failings and foibles. Or by sentiment do you mean your
view of nihilism? If so I would suggest you study nihilism closer.
Historicaly strategies reducable to a ostrich_with_its_head_in_the_sand have
not worked well in changing peoples minds nor motivating them to action, let
alone causing the demise of a nation state. This isn't surprising if you
consider the types of personalities that lead people.
I'll disagree regarding free-market economies. As to throwing in the towel,
we agree there.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 14:09:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: fuck copyright (Re: Advertising Creepiness) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Lot's of people.
Then crypto-anarchy is in for a big surprise.
That's true now, why don't we see these effects...
Then why have the mirrors? There is also the issue of end-user bandwidth
limitations and network delays that make this less than decisive.
 or by making do with click throughs from the
So, raise your rates to license the mirror.
It's saying it's not right  for a 3rd party to derive profit or income
from that work without a percentage being channeled back to the original
author (at least for a limited time).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 21:54:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And I've something to add. Any person who mentions Iceland as a workable
anarchy is in deep trouble. I done the research and it doesn't fly as a
workable example *unless* you're willing to legalize murder which is
*EXACTLY* what the Icelanders did. It didn't work for them long-term and it
won't work for us either. So if you want to use it you've got to explain why
legalizing murder is a social positive.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 21:58:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
People abuse people, it's why anarcho-anything won't work. Quit confusing
human nature with political systems. Democracy recognizes that individuals
are abused, and that they are wont to accept that abuse until it becomes
truly excessive (which our country isn't by a long shot). It's the reason
the individual is given a vote and civil liberties.
If you seriously think you're going to pass a set of laws ( or by extension
throw the ones we have out) and the world will be a better place then you
are one confused puppy.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 21:59:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone(fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Cop-out. "It's the same but different" is spin-doctor bullshit.
Explain how the system works. Explain how the various systems operate, how
the costs are calculated, and how they're paid. I want to see the same level
of *specificity* that I and others have agreed to provide you in our
We want an answer not some glib off the shoulder quip.
[I'm deleting the rest of this since it doesn't answer any questions that
have been posed to the anarcho-whatever side]
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 21:59:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Hm, interesting choice of terms for comparison. So you're admitting that
anarcho-whatever isn't a social do-gooder, the intent is not to make the
system better or more equitable. Rather you're admitting, apparently
tacitly, that the goal of the anarcho-whatever is personal rather than
social improvement. There is also a further tacit admission with this
system won't address the social ills that plague us currently.
I must admit I'm impressed. In a couple of days I've run across two seperate
anarcho-whatever supporters who admit their proposal won't address the
social ills but rather leaves them up to chance. That's more than in the
last 20 years.
Duh, I believe the boy has it.
I'd like a reference to this particular list if possible.
I'd ask the same question of the anarcho-whatever but you took care of it so
adroitely above...
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 22:07:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Yes. There are the issues of human psychology which requires stable social
institutions, there is the question of economic fragility if the market is
too fragile or volatile. There is the question of long-term ownership of
property and services. It's hard to run a business if you don't know what
the rules will most likely be in a year or 10.
There are lots of reasons that social and political institutions should be
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 22:07:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Well I wouldn't jump too high Blanc, it's exactly what I've been saying for
most of my life. It's what I've included in dozens of posts over the last
few weeks regarding the *respect* of civil liberties and the individual.
Perhaps you were just to busy to actualy read them....
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 22:20:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: fuck copyright (Re: Advertising Creepiness) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ah, true but I was addressing the last sentence about the cost being so low
nobody will charge for it.....sounds like the nuclear industry marketing
speal of the 50's....
Sorry for the confusion, I guess I should have edited the first part out
since it wasn't relevant.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-10 23:07:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: fuck copyright (Re: Advertising Creepiness) (fwd) 
Hi Mr. or Ms. support at xroads.com,
I'd like to advise you of abuse of your system and the resultant spam that I
am receiving as a result.
I've checked my subscription list and it contains NO xroads.com subscribers
at all. You are apparently having legitimite, non-commercial traffic
forwarded to your site in order to cause excessive work and potential denial
of services (to your customers).
Please police your own house before you go around threatening $500 leins and
prosecution on others.
Have a nice day.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1998-11-11 01:04:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You're speaking of federal taxes, or you don't own property in your own
name. I suppose you wouldn't call the fire dept. if your house caught on
fire since you don't pay taxes. You wouldn't call the police if there was a
problem either.
No, my intent in wording is to get at the core of what is being proposed. A
characteristic of anarcho-whatever and lawyers is they never say what they
mean. If they did very few would give them the attention they get now.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 01:20:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Your right, let me spell it out. Free-markets as depicted by
anarcho-whatever theories legitimize theft, physical violence, extortion,
etc. They further a priori abandon any precept of social institution and
leave it all on the shoulder of the individuals. Additionaly they abandon
such concepts of justice, equity, etc. because they describe no mechanism
to handle these issues. And finaly, they don't even attempt to recognize
the international interactions and cultural differences that drive them.
They make the same mistake as every other form of non-democratic system,
they assume because it works for one it works for all.
Not even hardly. At least citizens can change the laws under a democracy.
Under an anarcho-whatever it is strictly lump it or like it unless you're
willing to fund a bigger gun.
Ask the humans who are being traided or the peson the property was stolen
I'm going to stop now, this particular vein of discussion is bereft of any
and all positive attributes when one tries to justify slavery and theft.
Like I said, at least your more honest than the rest of these wanna-be
You might want to see doctor about that hole you shot in your foot while
it was in your mouth.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 08:06:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then the two of you are more honest than most of the anarcho-whatever folks
I've come across.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 08:16:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Off Topic But Truly Beautiful (fwd ) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Geesh, it's about time. I was wondering what the hell was taking these folks
so long to map those mechanisms over into other organisms.
Good for him!
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 08:59:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The problem isn't government, it's the people who enforce the government
that abuse it.
Absolutely. I happen to know a whole passel of beer, wine, and liqour
makers. Austin as aswim in micro-breweries. I'd be more than happy to pass
your email address to the enibriated set and let them argue the point with
Actualy it's not the states (at least Texas and Louisiana), it's the local
cities. The state of Texas doesn't care as long as you pay your liquor
license and don't sell to minors and obey the local zoning ordinances.
Texas Alchohol and Drug Abuse Commission
9001 N. IH-35,  78753
Texas Attorney General Office
Taxation: 512-463-2002
Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission
I am on target. The fact that a unregulated alcohol industry led to death,
debilitation, and financial hardship justified the imposition of regulation
on alcohol and its related operations.
You just don't want the entire picture painted because it cast a harsh light
on the premise that un-regulated economies are good things.
Yeah, you meant to commit an act of ommission so that your position looks
more favorable than it actualy does.
Really? Drugs are what $10B US a year or so. I bet stolen automobiles when
taken as a whole gross more loss than that. And what makes you think that
the vast majority of that drugs aren't purchased at the street level with
funds gotten from theft? The drugs may not be stolen, the dollar that they
were bought with was in most cases.
Let me know when you figure that one out.
Still doesn't answer my question.
Ah, so you admit that the general mechanism to settle inter-personal dispute
under your plan is to allow people to run around shooting each other.
Well, at least we've got an honest admission that murder would be legal in
this system.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 09:15:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So, you want to sub-contract out which is going to raise the cost and
doesn't alleviate the insurance company from regulatory and supply issues.
It'd cost a fortune.
I'd love to see your cost breakdown...
Yep, and a lot of people the competition would eliminate as well. I'll live
with the inefficiency as long as the cost is affordable for the quality of
service delivered. I don't mind fireman sitting around eating bar-b-q unless
somebodies house burns down.
That is one example, I know of several fortune 100 companies that are equaly
extravagant. The problem with Compu-Add was they shot their whole wad.
Sure there is, it just takes longer than a rifle bullet to settle.
Not at all, they are limited in what they can do by the laws. It's not like
they're running around sending bills to people out of the blue and making up
the system as they go along. Despite your protestations to the contrary the
system just don't work that way.
If it happened to you and you didn't file a harrassment complaint then you
got what you deserved. If you don't use the system it won't work.
Never happened to me or anyone I knew unless they were in particular places
at particular times. If a cop busts people at a corner every nite for
breaking the law it isn't the cops fault, it's the stupid people who keep
doing the same damn thing at the same place knowing full well the consequences.
Nobody said it was and it isn't. Now if you happen to fit the description of
another perp well that's just too damn bad.
Oh, malarky (and stay away from my business books). It's obvious you never
do accounting. The matching funds are for roads outside of the city or for
highways that transit cities. They are not supposed to be used for city
street or FM or RM roads.
Because we still hav an Army whose job it is to defend this country you
nit-wit. If we didn't keep fixing them and expanding the system as people
move around and expand the Army might find it a tad hard to do their job
when called to it. And yes, I know the Militia is the one who is supposed
to be called in for that sort of stuff - that's a whole other topic.
Absolutely. While I agree that there are some particular issues that need
fixing in a major way that is not the same (as you would have us believe) as
saying as a result the whole system should be scrapped.
Oh, you mean insanity, egotism, neurosis, etc.?
Ah, but it does try and in some cases it succeeds. So my expectation is not
completely without merit.
No, *all* people are not such. Most people I know are honest and have
integrity. What has to happen is a set of checks and balances, which we are
admittedly short of at the moment. The system isn't perfect, never claimed
to be (read the 1st paragraph if the Constitution), and if it remains so
then it's *OUR* fault and not the systems.
You claim to be honest yet promote a system that allows slavery, murder,
theft, and other horrendous crimes against man....
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 09:21:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I find very little interference in my daily life as well (except when one of
you anarcho-cooks starts dropping bombs and threatening people).
They take 40% of my income, or are you talking of France taking 60% of your
income. Disagreement over the level or specific policies for spending it do
not justify eliminating the system.
And you find that a better place to live then the US?
What is the percentage of lawyers in France to the total population?
We tried anarchy, it's called cave men. As to Wright and Goddard, they had
ample evidence in physics (that's been around what 4.5B years) to build
their expectations on. In the field of politics and social system the only
thing we have to go with is our imagination, patience, understanding, and
past practice. 5k years or a little more.
All of those say anarcho-anything systems won't work.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 09:55:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Taxation doesn't imply socialism, socialism is the state ownership of
property. In case you didn't know it, Russians didn't pay taxes because they
dind't have to. The Chinese still don't pay taxes (except for businesses
that are licensed by the state).
The US is a voluntary system, you can always leave.
And those who are stolen from, killed in petty disputes, wronged in business
deals gone bad with no legal recourse and no hope of future legal
ramifications for the perps, starve to death because some asshole who values
a dollar more than a human life won't give somebody a meal, those who
can't start businesses because the existing markets have locked up the
necessary resources, etc.
It leave a lot up to chance, the chance of making a profit in the market
with no regulations or other mechanism to stop abuse or other wrongs.
The implication is that the vast majority of participants won't be the one
making the profit and will as a consequence suffer because of it.
No, it simply says that the current society has recognized a need,
determined that it can be addressed and chooses to do so.
Well actualy the huge rumbling centralized government is a result of the
economic impact of business on government, not the folks who want to address
social ills. The vast majority (well over half of each tax dollar) goes to
military or military related issues, not social ills.
This is a strawman.
And in spades.
And what if that noise is contrary to the interest of a the business that is
perpetrating it. Since there are no protections of speech and press under
your system what keeps somebody from simply shooting the loud-mouthed
trouble maker? Historicaly there is plenty of evidence for this sort of
behaviour in un-regulated markets. Why would a business allow such a
vociferous display?
The most effective manner is to never have it happen in the first place.
While it's clear it isn't possible to legislate individual behaviour past a
grossly crude point it is possible to put breaks on the sorts of laws that a
given government can pass and enforce. At least with a bill of rights we
have a guide that we can use to measure extant and future legislation
This can occur now under the present system, why doesn't it happen more?
There is absolutely no regulations that would prevent such activity; hell
the currrent system will even allow you to be exempt from taxes and give you
loans, will yours? But to address the point, given that there are no courts,
laws, etc. How does one go about addressing the social ill? Buy the company
How realistic is it to expect the human slave to have the resources to buy
themselves out? Not very damn likely.
Only if you believe your smarter and faster on the draw than everyone who is
alive and will be alive during your life. Ain't gonna happen, there is
always a bigger fish, and they're hungry.
  We no longer need to have
No, you simply need to have the majority of social participants (I don't
think we should call them citizens) involved first person. The time drain
alone of that is enough to guarantee that nothing will be done.
They will? Historicaly the majority of social ills have been recognized as
such by a minority and were corrected by a political mechanism that
recognizes things like civil liberties and limits on government purvue a
And what makes you think that under your system a silver tongued devil won't
be able to garner the same sorts of support? People are social animals and
will follow the leader they believe will get them to where they need to be.
Whether that is government or a marketing puke is irrelevant.
It is clear to me that you neither understand human psychology, politics,
economics (macro or micro), or what freedom means.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 09:58:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: fuck copyright (Re: Advertising Creepiness) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The same question can be asked of the shopper who wants the lowest priced
tomato's. It isn't the vendors responsibility to provide those sorts of
mechanism for the consumer (or user of a system). The interpretation of what
lowest price means is so varied that trying to talk of it as some sort of
universal given is like talking about rational consumers. It's a
If the consumer wants the lowest price (in their personal estimation) goods
then they have several choices (at least):
 -	They can look for it themselves
 -	They can ask a friend
 -	They can pay somebody else to look for them
 -	Or they can sit back and wait for the relevant production sites
There is also the very real question of why would wired allow a 3rd party
sell their product at a lower cost than they can sell it themselves? Not a
rational or good business practice anyway you look at it.
Yeah, so? Just because I window shop in HEB down the street doesn't mean I
am required to buy anything. And if I walk past a shop and don't register
their window display doesn't mean the store lost anything from me - the very
fact that I ignored it means they weren't going to get my money at that
point. Now if they follow me down the sidewalk and bellow at me I can
guarantee that I (and most other folks) won't buy there even if the price is
I'd say "quit your whinning".
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 10:03:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone(fwd) 
Forwarded message:
More than you can produce apparently.
If you can't explain your system to me in sufficient detail then perhaps
it's because you don't understand it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 10:09:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: charity at the point of a gun (Re: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, thats' lust not compassion. Involuntary lust is called rape.
Read the 9th Amendment. I'd say so.
The 4th Amendment among others.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 10:10:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone(fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If they have that kind of power they will have the shooter shot, look at the
history of leaders and assassinations. The reality is that the vast majority
of them fail. There is the other aspect that if one is willing to
assassinate (murder in plain english) simply because somebody else murdered
then we are in fact trading one tyrant for another.
Every un-fair market practice he could get away with (why is it that
anarcho-whatever types always leave that 'fair competition' out of their
discussion?). Why do you believe the Halloween documents are so
enlightening? Because they demonstrate without a shadow of doubt that Billy
wanted to exist as the sole market force, not a force limited by fair
competition. The concept of fair-competition is anti-thematic to the
world-domination memes that are currently making the rounds.
Hell, if we just look at the business practices within the context of
a market with fair competition it's clear he's so far out in left field he's
playing by himself.
Well I'd say if you're running around shooting people for any reason other
than immediate self defence you deserve what you get.
It is at least a start, there was ample evidence historicaly that democracy
(you ever hear of the Dutch?) was tried to varying degrees. It seems to work
out better than any other system we've developed.
If you want to see a discussion of democracy prior to the US check out:
On the improvement of the understanding; The Ethics; Correspondence
Benedict de Spinoza
ISBN 0-486-20250-x
$7.95 (Dover)
They were written in the mid to late 1600's (shortly before the birth of
the founding fathers).
So, in your mind the only way to defend oneself is to have a bigger dick..um
I mean gun than the other guy....
I've a couple of quotes for you to ponder:
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% persperation.
                             T.E. Edison
If Mr. Edison had though smarter he wouldn't have had to perspire as much.
                                                   N. Tesla
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 10:11:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: most of what govts do can be done by business, and done (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Screw that, tax the shoes.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 10:12:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: most of what govts do can be done by business, and done better (Re: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The same can be said for business in general as well (especialy if there is
no competition).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 10:12:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True, at least under a democratic system we can prevent some of the more
gross abuses by government and can address the inter-personal issues with
something besides a nylon jacketed .357. Your anarcho-whatever doesn't even
provide that.
Several cops in Houston were fired (they got no-billed by the Grand Jury)
just last week because of a similar issue. There are two cops here in Austin
who went to jail because of a murder (they held a kid down on a water bed
and he suffocated) charge. The current public overwatch group was the result
of a police call that got out of hand last year and the police had two
choices - either give the people what they asked for or end loose the civil
rights case. The two cops who beat Rodney King ended up doing time.
Nobody proved to the jury beyond a shadow of a doubt he was guilty. It is
far better to let a dozen guilty men go free than to imprison a single
innocent one. Our legal system may have its problem but I guarantee that a
lot more guilty people get off scott free than innocent people end up in
There is more than a little justice under the current system (OJ being the
perfect example - like it or not).
Somehow I doubt that. If justice is ashamed of anything its that citizens of
this country don't participate more and express their views with more
Which, considering that anarchic systems permit murder, theft, rape,
extortion, etc. without reprisal or limits, means that the vast majority of
people are probably going to sleep a sounder sleep knowing they don't have
to go out and buy a tank tomorrow just to make sure they have a home to come
to in the evening.
If nothing works for large numbers of people then why should this? Anarchy
isn't freedom, it's opportunity to make huge profits with no responsiblity
and at the expence of others (who are treated as a market commodity and not
human beings).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 10:59:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question about insurance managed fire services... 
How does company A guarantee that company B won't begin to burn down the
customers of company A so that the economic impact on A is sufficient they
can't participate in the market?
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 11:11:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question about anarchic systems and natural disasters 
What would be the responce of a anarchic system that was based on profit in
regards something like Mitch's impact on Ctl. America and their plea for
food and aid?
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 11:34:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: secF9.html 
F.9 IS MEDIEVAL ICELAND AN EXAMPLE OF "ANARCHO"-CAPITALISM WORKING IN PRACTICE?
   Ironically, medieval Iceland is a good example of why
   "anarcho"-capitalism will not work, degenerating into de facto rule by
   the rich. It should be pointed out first that Iceland, nearly 1,000
   years ago, was not a capitalistic system. In fact, like most cultures
   claimed by "anarcho"-capitalists as examples of their "utopia," it was
   a communal, not individualistic, society, based on artisan production,
   with extensive communal institutions as well as individual "ownership"
   (i.e. use) and a form of social self-administration, the thing -- both
   local and Iceland-wide -- which can be considered a "primitive" form
   of the anarchist communal assembly.
   As William Ian Miller points out "[p]eople of a communitarian nature.
   . . have reason to be attracted [to Medieval Iceland]. . . the limited
   role of lordship, the active participation of large numbers of free
   people . . . in decision making within and without the homestead. The
   economy barely knew the existence of markets. Social relations
   preceded economic relations. The nexus of household, kin, Thing, even
   enmity, more than the nexus of cash, bound people to each other. The
   lack of extensive economic differentiation supported a weakly
   differentiated class system . . . [and material] deprivations were
   more evenly distributed than they would be once state institutions
   also had to be maintained." [Bloodtaking and Peacemaking: Feud, Law
   and Society in Saga Iceland, p. 306]
   Kropotkin in Mutual Aid indicates that Norse society, from which the
   settlers in Iceland came, had various "mutual aid" institutions,
   including communal land ownership (based around what he called the
   "village community") and the thing (see also Kropotkin's The State:
   Its Historic Role for a discussion of the "village community"). It is
   reasonable to think that the first settlers in Iceland would have
   brought such institutions with them and Iceland did indeed have its
   equivalent of the commune or "village community," the Hreppar, which
   developed early in the country's history. Like the early local
   assemblies, it is not much discussed in the Sagas but is mentioned in
   the law book, the Grgs, and was composed of a minimum of twenty
   farms and had a five member commission. The Hreppar was self-governing
   and, among other things, was responsible for seeing that orphans and
   the poor within the area were fed and housed. The Hreppar also served
   as a property insurance agency and assisted in case of fire and losses
   due to diseased livestock. The Hreppar may have also have organised
   and controlled summer grazing lands (which in turn suggests "commons"
   -- i.e. common land -- of some kind).
   Thus Icelandic society had a network of solidarity, based upon
   communal life. In practice this meant that "each commune was a mutual
   insurance company, or a miniature welfare state. And membership in the
   commune was not voluntary. Each farmer had to belong to the commune in
   which his farm was located and to contribute to its needs."
   [Gissurarson quoted by Birgit T. Runolfsson Solvason, Ordered Anarchy,
   State and Rent-Seeking: The Icelandic Commonwealth, 930-1262] However,
   unlike an anarchist society, the Icelandic Commonwealth did not allow
   farmers not to join its communes.
   Therefore, the Icelandic Commonwealth can hardly be claimed in any
   significant way as an example of "anarcho"-capitalism in practice.
   This can also be seen from the early economy, where prices were
   subject to popular judgement at the skuldaping ("payment-thing") not
   supply and demand. [Kirsten Hastrup, Culture and History in Medieval
   Iceland, p. 125] Indeed, with its communal price setting system in
   local assemblies, the early Icelandic commonwealth was more similar to
   Guild Socialism (which was based upon guild's negotiating "just
   prices" for goods and services) than capitalism. Therefore Miller
   correctly argues that it would be wrong to impose capitalist ideas and
   assumptions onto Icelandic society:
   "Inevitably the attempt was made to add early Iceland to the number of
   regions that socialised people in nuclear families within simple
   households. . . what the sources tell us about the shape of Icelandic
   householding must compel a different conclusion." [Op. Cit., p. 112]
   In other words, Kropotkin's analysis of communal society is far closer
   to the reality of Medieval Iceland than David Friedman's attempt in
   The Machinery of Freedom to turn it into a capitalist utopia.
   However, the communal nature of Icelandic society also co-existed (as
   in most such cultures) with hierarchical institutions, including some
   with capitalistic elements, namely private property and "private
   states" around the local godar. The godar were local chiefs who also
   took the role of religious leaders. As the Encyclopaedia Britannica
   explains, "a kind of local government was evolved [in Iceland] by
   which the people of a district who had most dealings together formed
   groups under the leadership of the most important or influential man
   in the district" (the godi). The godi "acted as judge and mediator"
   and "took a lead in communal activities" such as building places of
   worship. These "local assemblies. . . are heard of before the
   establishment of the althing" (the national thing). This althing led
   to co-operation between the local assemblies.
   Therefore we see communal self-management in a basic form, plus
   co-operation between communities as well. These communistic,
   mutual-aid features exist in many non-capitalist cultures and are
   often essential for ensuring the people's continued freedom within
   those cultures (section B.2.5 on why the wealthy undermine these
   popular "folk-motes" in favour of centralisation). Usually, the
   existence of private property (and so inequality) soon led to the
   destruction of communal forms of self-management (with participation
   by all male members of the community as in Iceland), which are
   replaced by the rule of the rich.
   While such developments are a commonplace in most "primitive"
   cultures, the Icelandic case has an unusual feature which explains the
   interest it provokes in "anarcho"-capitalist circles. This feature was
   that individuals could seek protection from any godi. As the
   Encyclopaedia Britannica puts it, "the extent of the godord
   [chieftancy] was not fixed by territorial boundaries. Those who were
   dissatisfied with their chief could attach themselves to another godi.
   . . As a result rivalry arose between the godar [chiefs]; as may be
   seen from the Icelandic Sagas." It is these Sagas on which David
   Friedman (in The Machinery of Freedom) bases his claim that Medieval
   Iceland is a working example of "anarcho" capitalism.
   Hence we can see that artisans and farmers would seek the "protection"
   of a godi, providing their labour in return. These godi would be
   subject to "market forces," as dissatisfied individuals could
   affiliate themselves to other godi. This system, however, had an
   obvious (and fatal) flaw. As the Encyclopaedia Britannica points out:
   "The position of the godi could be bought and sold, as well as
   inherited; consequently, with the passing of time, the godord for
   large areas of the country became concentrated in the hands of one man
   or a few men. This was the principal weakness of the old form of
   government: it led to a struggle of power and was the chief reason for
   the ending of the commonwealth and for the country's submission to the
   King of Norway."
   It was the existence of these hierarchical elements in Icelandic
   society that explain its fall from anarchistic to statist society. As
   Kropotkin argued "from chieftainship sprang on the one hand the State
   and on the other private property." [Act for Yourselves, p. 85]
   Kropotkin's insight that chieftainship is a transitional system has
   been confirmed by anthropologists studying "primitive" societies. They
   have come to the conclusion that societies made up of chieftainships
   or chiefdoms are not states: "Chiefdoms are neither stateless nor
   state societies in the fullest sense of either term: they are on the
   borderline between the two. Having emerged out of stateless systems,
   they give the impression of being on their way to centralised states
   and exhibit characteristics of both." [Y. Cohen quoted by Birgit T.
   Runolfsson Solvason, Op. Cit.] Since the Commonwealth was made up of
   chiefdoms, this explains the contradictory nature of the society - it
   was in the process of transition, from anarchy to statism, from a
   communal economy to one based on private property.
   The political transition within Icelandic society went hand in hand
   with an economic transition (both tendencies being mutually
   reinforcing). Initially, when Iceland was settled, large-scale farming
   based on extended households with kinsmen was the dominant economic
   mode. This semi-communal mode of production changed as the land was
   divided up (mostly through inheritance claims) between the 10th and
   11th centuries. This new economic system based upon individual
   possession and artisan production was then slowly displaced by tenant
   farming, in which the farmer worked for a landlord, starting in the
   late 11th century. This economic system (based on a form of wage
   labour, i.e. capitalistic production) ensured that "great variants of
   property and power emerged." [Kirsten Hastrup, Culture and History in
   Medieval Iceland, pp. 172-173] During the 12th century wealth
   concentrated into fewer and fewer hands and by its end an elite of
   around 6 wealthy and powerful families had emerged.
   During this evolution in ownership patterns and the concentration of
   wealth and power into the hands of a few, we should note that the
   godi's and wealthy landowners' attitude to profit making also changed,
   with market values starting to replace those associated with honour,
   kin, and so on. Social relations became replaced by economic relations
   and the nexus of household, kin and Thing was replaced by the nexus of
   cash and profit. The rise of capitalistic social relationships in
   production and values within society was also reflected in exchange,
   with the local marketplace, with its pricing "subject to popular
   judgement" being "subsumed under central markets." [Ibid., p. 225]
   With a form of wage labour being dominant within society, it is not
   surprising that great differences in wealth started to appear. Also,
   as protection did not come free, it is not surprising that a godi
   tended to become rich also. This would enable him to enlist more
   warriors, which gave him even more social power (in Kropotkin's words,
   "the individual accumulation of wealth and power"). Powerful godi
   would be useful for wealthy landowners when disputes over land and
   rent appeared, and wealthy landowners would be useful for a godi when
   feeding his warriors. Production became the means of enriching the
   already wealthy, with concentrations of wealth producing
   concentrations of social and political power (and vice versa).
   Kropotkin's general summary of the collapse of "barbarian" society
   into statism seems applicable here - "after a hard fight with bad
   crops, inundations and pestilences, [farmers]. . . began to repay
   their debts, they fell into servile obligations towards the protector
   of the territory. Wealth undoubtedly did accumulate in this way, and
   power always follows wealth." [Mutual Aid, p. 131]
   The transformation of possession into property and the resulting rise
   of hired labour was a key element in the accumulation of wealth and
   power, and the corresponding decline in liberty among the farmers.
   Moreover, with hired labour springs dependency -- the worker is now
   dependent on good relations with their landlord in order to have
   access to the land they need. With such reductions in the independence
   of part of Icelandic society, the undermining of self-management in
   the various Things was also likely as labourers could not vote freely
   as they could be subject to sanctions from their landlord for voting
   the "wrong" way. Thus hierarchy within the economy would spread into
   the rest of society, and in particular its social institutions,
   reinforcing the effects of the accumulation of wealth and power.
   The resulting classification of Icelandic society played a key role in
   its move from relative equality and anarchy to a class society and
   statism. As Millar points out:
   "as long as the social organisation of the economy did not allow for
   people to maintain retinues, the basic egalitarian assumptions of the
   honour system. . . were reflected reasonably well in reality. . . the
   mentality of hierarchy never fully extricated itself from the
   egalitarian ethos of a frontier society created and recreated by
   juridically equal farmers. Much of the egalitarian ethic maintained
   itself even though it accorded less and less with economic realities.
   . . by the end of the commonwealth period certain assumptions about
   class privilege and expectations of deference were already well enough
   established to have become part of the lexicon of self-congratulation
   and self-justification." [Op. Cit., pp. 33-4]
   This process in turn accelerated the destruction of communal life and
   the emergence of statism, focused around the godord. In effect, the
   godi and wealthy farmers became rulers of the country and "the old
   form of government became modified in the course of time." This change
   from a communalistic, anarchistic society to a statist, propertarian
   one can also be seen from this quote from an article on Iceland by
   Hallberg Hallmundsson in the Encyclopaedia Americana, which identifies
   wealth concentration in fewer and fewer hands as having been
   responsible for undermining Icelandic society:
   "During the 12th century, wealth and power began to accumulate in the
   hands of a few chiefs, and by 1220, six prominent families ruled the
   entire country. It was the internecine power struggle among these
   families, shrewdly exploited by King Haakon IV of Norway, that finally
   brought the old republic to an end."
   This process, wherein the concentration of wealth leads to the
   destruction of communal life and so the anarchistic aspects of a given
   society, can be seen elsewhere, for example, in the history of the
   United States after the Revolution or in the degeneration of the free
   cities of Medieval Europe. Peter Kropotkin, in his classic work Mutual
   Aid, documents this process in some detail, in many cultures and time
   periods. However, that this process occurred in a society which is
   used by "anarcho"-capitalists as an example of their system in action
   reinforces the anarchist analysis of the statist nature of
   "anarcho"-capitalism and the deep flaws in its theory, as discussed in
   section F.6.
   As Miller argues, "[i]t is not the have-nots, after all, who invented
   the state. The first steps toward state formation in Iceland were made
   by churchmen. . . and by the big men content with imitating Norwegian
   royal style. Early state formation, I would guess, tended to involve
   redistributions, not from rich to poor, but from poor to rich, from
   weak to strong." [Op. Cit., p. 306]
   David Friedman is aware of how the Icelandic Republic degenerated and
   its causes. He states in a footnote in his 1979 essay "Private
   Creation and Enforcement of Law: A Historical Case" that the "question
   of why the system eventually broke down is both interesting and
   difficult. I believe that two of the proximate causes were increased
   concentration of wealth, and hence power, and the introduction into
   Iceland of a foreign ideology -- kingship. The former meant that in
   many areas all or most of the godord were held by one family and the
   latter that by the end of the Sturlung period the chieftains were no
   longer fighting over the traditional quarrels of who owed what to
   whom, but over who should eventually rule Iceland. The ultimate
   reasons for those changes are beyond the scope of this paper."
   However, from an anarchist point of view, the "foreign" ideology of
   kingship would be the product of changing socio-economic conditions
   that were expressed in the increasing concentration of wealth and not
   its cause.
   The settlers of Iceland were well aware of the "ideology" of kingship
   for the 300 years during which the Republic existed. However, only the
   concentration of wealth allowed would-be Kings the opportunity to
   develop and act and the creation of boss-worker social relationships
   on the land made the poor subject to, and familiar with, the concept
   of authority. Such familiarity would spread into all aspects of life
   and, combined with the existence of "prosperous" (and so powerful)
   godi to enforce the appropriate servile responses, ensured the end of
   the relative equality that fostered Iceland's anarchistic tendencies
   in the first place.
   In addition, as private property is a monopoly of rulership over a
   given area, the conflict between chieftains for power was, at its most
   basic, a conflict of who would own Iceland, and so rule it. The
   attempt to ignore the facts that private property creates rulership
   (i.e. a monopoly of government over a given area) and that monarchies
   are privately owned states does Friedman's case no good. In other
   words, the system of private property has a built in tendency to
   produce both the ideology and fact of Kingship - the power structures
   implied by Kingship are reflected in the social relations which are
   produced by private property.
   Friedman is also aware that an "objection [to his system] is that the
   rich (or powerful) could commit crimes with impunity, since nobody
   would be able to enforce judgement against them. Where power is
   sufficiently concentrated this might be true; this was one of the
   problems which led to the eventual breakdown of the Icelandic legal
   system in the thirteenth century. But so long as power was reasonably
   dispersed, as it seem to have been for the first two centuries after
   the system was established, this was a less serious problem." [Op.
   Cit.]
   Which is quite ironic. Firstly, because the first two centuries of
   Icelandic society was marked by non-capitalist economic relations
   (communal pricing and family/individual possession of land). Only when
   capitalistic social relationships developed (hired labour and property
   replacing possession and market values replacing social ones) in the
   12th century did power become concentrated, leading to the breakdown
   of the system in the 13th century.
   Secondly, because Friedman is claiming that "anarcho"-capitalism will
   only work if there is an approximate equality within society! But this
   state of affairs is one most "anarcho"-capitalists claim is impossible
   and undesirable!
   They claim there will always be rich and poor. But inequality in
   wealth will also become inequality of power. When "actually existing"
   capitalism has become more free market the rich have got richer and
   the poor poorer. Apparently, according to the "anarcho"-capitalists,
   in an even "purer" capitalism this process will be reversed! It is
   ironic that an ideology that denounces egalitarianism as a revolt
   against nature implicitly requires an egalitarian society in order to
   work.
   In reality, wealth concentration is a fact of life in any system based
   upon hierarchy and private property. Friedman is aware of the reasons
   why "anarcho"-capitalism will become rule by the rich but prefers to
   believe that "pure" capitalism will produce an egalitarian society! In
   the case of the commonwealth of Iceland this did not happen - the rise
   in private property was accompanied by a rise in inequality and this
   lead to the breakdown of the Republic into statism.
   In short, Medieval Iceland nicely illustrates David Weick's comments
   (as quoted in section F.6.3) that "when private wealth is
   uncontrolled, then a police-judicial complex enjoying a clientele of
   wealthy corporations whose motto is self-interest is hardly an
   innocuous social force controllable by the possibility of forming or
   affiliating with competing 'companies.'" This is to say that "free
   market" justice soon results in rule by the rich, and being able to
   affiliate with "competing" "defence companies" is insufficient to stop
   or change that process.
   This is simply because any defence-judicial system does not exist in a
   social vacuum. The concentration of wealth -- a natural process under
   the "free market" (particularly one marked by private property and
   wage labour) -- has an impact on the surrounding society. Private
   property, i.e. monopolisation of the means of production, allows the
   monopolists to become a ruling elite by exploiting, and so
   accumulating vastly more wealth than, the workers. This elite then
   uses its wealth to control the coercive mechanisms of society
   (military, police, "private security forces," etc.), which it employs
   to protect its monopoly and thus its ability to accumulate ever more
   wealth and power. Thus, private property, far from increasing the
   freedom of the individual, has always been the necessary precondition
   for the rise of the state and rule by the rich. Medieval Iceland is a
   classic example of this process at work.

@_date: 1998-11-11 11:53:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed. I'd say that 'shall make no law' is a clear as 'shall not be infringed' and
pretty equivalent in meaning.
See, no shit-storm (they reserve that for me...;).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 12:40:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Elder Kennedy ordered to tesify to Grand Jury (if you can call it that) [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[remainder deleted]
Now if that isn't unconstitutional I don't know what is. He and his lawyer
should be screaming bloody murder (figuratively).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 21:51:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Hey, can I use that spelling of 'because'? I want to irritate a particular
wanna-be-english-teacher subsribed to the CDR...;)
Yep, you have to use the 9th and 10th as well. In for a penny end for a
not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.     ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 21:55:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I'm not using the 1st to justify the second, all I'm saying is the two
related phrases are equivalent within the context of the Constitution. It's
Or are you saying that if you go slow enough it's as good as a stop? How
slow is slow enough?
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 22:21:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question about insurance managed fire services... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Insurance regulatory agencies who monitor the behavior, investigation by a
reasonably impartial fire dept after every fire. That's at least two.
What police and security forces? You mean the ones the same insurance
company co-oped?
What makes you thing that Company A or B will even advertise their actions?
Who says the homes will be burned when the residents are even home? It isn't
like anyone is going to ask their permission.
And I'm the 'fucking idiot'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-11 23:45:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question about insurance managed fire services... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, and exactly how you managed to derive that is truly humorous.
Until somebody either squeels (not likely since they're dead shortly
afterward or let loose and nobody will hire then from then on, not
in the business' best interest.) or they do get caught and a connection is
made (not very likely since the perp won't be carryin an employee badge).
And since company A is the company that will be prosecuting (their own
under-the-table employee) the consequences are pretty predictible.
How commen is it now for business' to partake in illegal activities in order
to further their business ends? How often do you suppose, given that rate,
they are caught? I'd say not a lot. I see no reason to suspect that in a
anarcho-whatever society that rate will be one whit better.
Oh, they'll get caught occassionaly but then again, the strategy of forcing
company B to keep investigators on call and monitoring their customers
property is a good strategy to raise their cost of doing business and as
a result their coverage rates. This increase will help convince user of
B's service that A looks like a better bang for the buck.
Sure it would, it decreases the cost of doing business and increases
the potential market for future consumers of the services. It happens all
the time now, it won't go away.
Because their funds and income is from a known source. Ask yourself this,
what happens if a police officer or a fire inspector suddenly starts driving
a Porche around and moving out into the uppity neighborhoods and doesn't
have a good explanation for it?
Apparently I've strained your short-term memory here, go back and read
it again. Which insurance company is obvious - all of them.
I'm done now, this isn't about anarcho-anything, this is about you getting
your jollies off trying to take cheap shots at me personaly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 00:20:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ebanking - What's up with that? 
Anyone got a pointer other than the CNN article on the announcement by
Excite Inc. and Bank One about their offering a full line of banking
services online?
I'd be interested in anything on the particulars of the services and he
protocols they intend to impliment.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 00:57:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Read the 10th again you don't understand what it is saying. It *specificaly* says that unless the Constitution assigns it to the feds
*or* prohibits it then the states are *exactly* the ones that are able to do
what Congress is prohibited from doing. The states are limited by their
own consititions which are guaranteed to be representative in nature.
The states absolutely have the right to regulate gun laws (as in the Texas
constitution) provided they don't infringe (what part of shall not do you
not understand) on the actual possession. Licenses and background checks
at the state level are absolutely constitutional.
State regulation on speech, press, etc. are also completely constitutional
as well. And is where such regulation should take place. If you don't like
your states laws move to one you do like.
That's what it means to live in a democracy, freedom of choice - not
homogeneity (on this point ol' Alex was wrong, wrong, wrong).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 02:43:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, it's the British system. And to be honest it should be the American
system also. A country should have jurisdiction only within its own borders.
Other countries should have agreements about how persons accussed of crimes
should be extradited.
In the anarcho-whatever system this is all eliminated because we've
eliminated crime in the first place by legitimizing any and all strategies.
Then have the law changed in those states or you could move to Texas.
No, that was prohibition. The taxation of alcohol goes back equaly far in
the history of this country. To before the articles of confederation even
since Britian required taxes on rum and related items - espcialy if they
were from non-British ports -  if you would stop knee-jerking responces and
think back the Tax Acts were one of the reasons we had a revolution in the
first place. Tea, rum, and whiskey were one of the primary motivations.
Actualy, the fact that you admit that the press can be in colussion with the
government and the businesses goes a long way toward demonstrating that
anarcho-anything won't work because it will be even harder for
whistle-blowers and 'social do-gooders' to get their message out (unless
they're well heeled and don't mind loosing it all in the process).
People always have agenda's (this is segues nicely into what Blanc was
saying about attitudes), that's my point and one of the reasons that
anarcho-whatever won't work is because it doesn't recognize this nor does it
put any sort of limit on its expression.
People always behave that way, it's the way people are. Being in government
is only another mechanism it gets expressed through. Business is another.
If the doctor gives them to you without a valid medical reason then you
didn't get them legaly. Techicaly the doctor is in violation for trafficking
and you would be in violation for possession and use of a controlled
substance. If you knew full well that you weren't going to use them and took
them anyway then you in effect stole them because you misled the doctor into
giving them to you. Now if you simply sold them because you didn't like their
side effects then only you are legaly culpible.
Now, your point that not everything on the black market is stolen is well
take as I've said before (you just didn't read it, it at least explains why
you keep going over the same issue until you think I'll be badgered into
agreeing with you). The exception I take, and am still waiting for refuation
of, is that the *majority* of goods on the black market including drugs are
related to the theft of material or services from legitimate parties. That
you don't seem to grasp (and I'm not so obsessed with making you see it that
I'm going to discuss the issue farther).
As a history teacher once said:
The nice thing about America is anybody can believe anything, whether they
know what they are talking about or not.
I respect that sentiment.
I certainly hope that no DEA agents are watching *and* you're not in the
US. Admitting to a crime in a public venue, whether in a public park or a
mailing list isn't the brightest strategy. If you're not in the US you
should probably hope that the NSA (or whomever) is too busy to pass along
this to the requisite authorities. I would suggest strongly that for future
such public admission you should use a pseudonym or an anonymous remailer.
It has to do with something being illegal or not acceptable otherwise you
could just open up a store and start trading the items directly. In the vast
majority of cases it involves the theft of services or property from the
valid rights holder.
Well that pretty much shoots a hole in your point as well if that is your
position. However, since the manufature of vehicles is accounted far to
at least the 10's place by auto manufacturers and the sale of legitimate cars
is traceable through tax and title I'd say that it is possible to make
educated guesses about the scale of the market.
No, you know some people who have bought drugs, just as I do. However,
claiming that the small set you know of personaly qualifies as a lot is an
invalid hyperbole. There are millions of drug users in this country, and
in your entire life you've only met a few thousand at best.
Oh, you mean fences...
You have to have possession in order to pass possesion to Joe so that he can
sell it and pass you possession of the receipted funds (minus Joe's cut).
Whether that possession is measured in immediate physical control (ie in
your pants pocket) or more general (eg stored in a rent-room under an
assumed name) is irrelevant.
There is also the fact that if you don't produce the item(s) at some point
Joe is likely to take his frustration out on you because you tried to
take him and his money. The fact that you can produce them is clear evidence
that at some point they were in your possession.
How many middle-men is between there is irrelevant, since you are driving it
and paying the costs you are in possession.
Your the one who said shoot them, what's the matter find your baby to ugly
to look at?
 You and I are having and "inter-personal dispute", and would
Yeah, well unless you can convince everyone that anarcho-whatever will
also convince the Kennedy boys, OJ, et ali. then it's pretty irrelevant
since it will occur whether you or I are involved and the issue is that
it occurs, not that you or I are involved.
I suspect that the emotionaly challenged will continue to shoot each other
irrespective of the political system implimented. If you take guns away
they'll knife each other and if you take knives away they'll beat each other
to death.
Which raises an interesting point, more people are killed by physical
assault according to the FBI crime stats than guns each year.
Ah, I see. So your position is that if somebody runs a stop light then that
is grounds to shoot them.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 08:37:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Absolutely. It's what is meant by indipendent nation. It's between the leaders
and the citizens.
What about it? I don't believe in one world governments, it's a bad idea.
Within the confines of a given country there should be a rule of law, that
rule should not necessarily be the same as any other country. And other
countries should most definitely NOT have a say in it.
Do you want Germany having a say in our laws (for example)?
No, the point was about freedom of choice.
Taxing went on, the regulation of alcohol production didn't occur in this
country until after the Civil War. Taxing alcohol is a whole different issue
than regulating the quality and methods of production, and is most certainly
not equivalent to regulations on where it might be sold and under what
No it doesn't. The press is a business, and if you don't think they don't
try to manipulate more than the government you're in for a surprise. There
are cases of the press being manipulated because of the impact of certain
story presentation lines on their income.
Actualy not, there are a variety of whistle-blower laws on the book at every
level. Also the number of whistle-blowers who are killed currently are
pretty small (name 3). A lot of them loose the jobs they blew the whistle on
but that is many cases is to be expected (after all if the issue is important
enough the business will cease to exist).
No it doesn't, it does not in any way prevent abuse and further provides no
mechanism for the restitution or correction of that abuse.
No, the point is that whoever is the most ruthless will get ahead. If you
don't think that is power then you should sit and think.
Such as? Greed and profit always can be pushed through business, it's what
they do.
Which requires that yot mislead the doctor as to why you want them.
Why would anyone buy a commenly available item on the black market when they
could go to the corner store and purchase it? They won't. People who are
involved in the black market are there for profit. If they go down to the
store and buy say tomatoes at $2/lb. whey would they sell them to you at
$1.75/lb? They wouldn't. The alcohol and cigarettes you buy on the black
market lack tax stamps are have bogus stamps. Why? Becuase the cost is much
lower without the added tax and legitimate distribution expenses.
 Before that you were maintaining
No, go back - I never said that. I have continously said that the majority
of items on the black market are related to a stolen service or product.
I stand by that statement.
I'd go on but it's been a long day and I'm in no mood for this petty
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 10:16:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Elder Kennedy ordered to tesify to Grand Jury (if you can call it that) [CNN] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Juries are to be composed of your peers taken from the community in which
the crime occurred. A single judge doesn't make a jury of ones peers.
Irrelevant, one doesn't throw away the justice system because it might have
been abused. One wrong does not justify another.
Actualy 10 guilty men walking free is better than one innocent man in jail,
or a justice system that gets abused.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 10:55:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "social responsibility" was (dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's an easy way to brush aside having to prove your point. Especialy
after having drawn a completely illogical and incorrect conclusion like
This sentence makes no sense, mind rewording it so I know specificaly what
it is your talking about. No amendment has to be passed.
Would you mind explaining where providing for the *general* welfare equates
to unlimited powers? No government has unlimited powers and providing for
the general welfare can't honestly be extrapolated to that conclusion.
Within the context of the Constitution general welfare is in reference to
building a framework for the expression of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
Found what? Whose conclusions, the founding fathers or the sitting supremes?
And prohibits the enumeration of individual liberties by the same
government. Rather handy little situation that, since it completely blows
holes in any move to derive totalitarian control (which by the way is not
  As Madison stated, if the general
Well to be accurate there was no enumeration of the specific powers in the
original Constitution, it's why Jefferson (who was in France at the time),
Madison, and others fought and supported the Bill of Rights. Because of the
9th and 10th such moves are inherently doomed to failure.
  In fact, it would have been as if the founding fathers had
This entire section is ridiculous. To say on one hand the powers are
unlimited and then to proceed to list them weakens the argument, this was
also the reason for the 10th. It prevents such extrapolations as this.
Wow, I didn't realize Roosevelt was even alive to participate in the
original Constitutional debates.
I'm going to stop here since we are obviously off on one of your pet peeves
that isn't related to the discussion at hand. To jump 150 years in one fell
swoop is pretty extraordinary. The reality is, as Jefferson himself said,
that the laws of one generation aren't the laws of another.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 13:09:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Elder Kennedy ordered to tesify to Grand Jury (if you can (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation. to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have Assistance of Counsel for his defence.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
By definition a jury is more than one, it's the reason they are implimented;
to moderate the biases of the individual.
Secondly, a judge is not impartial when acting in the stead of the state in
two capacities at one time. Especialy when by their very nature they are at
least to some degree confrontational.
Dem's da rules bubba. The Kennedy lawyers should be throwing civil right
shit fits about now.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 13:36:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Elder Kennedy ordered to tesify to Grand Jury (if you can (fwd) [a couple of other comments] 
Forwarded message:
It's important to read that part about depriving life, liberty, or property
within the context of forced medication, deprivation of social contacts,
etc. before a trial has even been held. A person is innocent until proven
guilty, and that means you can deprive him of geographic freedom if they
can't pay bail. Outside of that any interruption or loss of income is the
responsibility of the state to recompensate. It should also guarantee that if
found innocent the incident won't have an impact on current or future career
and life opportunities. They're sworn to protect life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness with their lives if necessary. That's why their called
PUBLIC SERVANTS.
Note that property may be taken by the state through due process, private
property (my home, personal savings, papers, etc.) can't be siezed for *ANY*
reason without just compensation. Businesses and shared accounts (such as
401k's perhaps) are fair game.
I break the law and you want to take my house?
Fucking get your check book out. Otherwise it's theft and that's a crime in
principle and practice. This means that *EVERY* confiscation law on the
books yesterday, today, or tomorrow are completely illegal if they allow
confiscation of private property in relation to crime.
If the LEA's, courts, politicians, etc. really, really, really believe that
the people of this country want to allow them to confiscate their property
in relation to criminal activity then they should parent an amendment to
that effect immediately. I'll tell you now, it ain't got a hope in hell.
And when the reckoning day comes on this particular issue it's going to be a
Note that the right to have *ASSISTANCE* of counsel is guaranteed. This
means the state must provide you an attorney to assist in the correct
process documentation *EVEN* if you represent yourself. Because it uses the
term assistance there can be no implied power of attorney without direct and
unconstrained and willing complicity by the accussed.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 15:10:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Absolutely, that concept does not proscribe them from making a law to
recognize the laws of other countries. It doesn't make it right but then
again the freedom of choice implies the freedom to make mistakes. It figures
that on occassion it'll be a whopper (TM).
If Penoche didn't know that Spain could extradite him from England then
he needs to hire a new lawyer. There is absolutely no expectation in the
concept of freedom that prohibits one from walking into a police station and
admitting a crime. This isn't even an issue, neither the British or the
Spanish forced him to England. And the Spanish didn't force Britian to sign
the treaty recognizing extradition. He got what he deserves. He was stupid
to have treated anyone like that and he was stupid to go to England. He is a
stupid man.
My personal view is I don't care unless I am in that country. If I have an
expectation to go somewhere I check on the laws before I'd go.
Absolutely, and each country should have it's right to choose it's own
particular brand of reprehensibility recognized.
Well, you have to understand I'm a pantheist. I know it's easy to shrug off
and say "so what" but I can't answer this exactly unless you fundamentaly
understand literal pantheism. But I'll try.
I believe there is no transcendence. As a result everything is divine
because that's all there is. To disrespect the uniqueness in anything is a
disservice to self. However, concepts of literal sin to my view simply don't
exist. The killing of a human by a human is not fundamentaly (think of it as
outside of human society, it's close but not close enough) different than a
human killing a rabbit, or crushing a rock, or painting a picture. It's an
activity, in and of itself it is nothing more than a cold, cosmic event
mediated by complete and utter indifference. The universe does not act with
anthropocentric motives or mechanations. However, within the concerns of
human biology, psychology, and society there is a very real distinction. As
a matter of fact there are quite a few. Since they are all a construct of
human existance they deserve some level of respect, the freedom of
expression in speech and press, not necessarily in action. Because of the
fundamental uniqueness of anything, to destroy or change it with willful
intent (I wish I could express this better, all I can say is it isn't what
normal English means by those two words exactly enough) except in
self-defence or survival (eg killing an animal for food) is not moraly
(permissible at the level of individual) or ethicaly (the range of
permissible acts related to an activity, say a doctor or lawyer)
I am willing to go on record stating that what they did from a national
level should concern no nation that is not directly involved. Nations do not
have the right to impose their will on other nations, period. Nations may of
course dissolve and reform of their own free will and whim. From a personal
level everyone should have run over there in about 1936 and kicked their
stinking ass as volunteers (the fact that it is not in human nature to
participate in mass exhibitions like this voluntarily is another reason that
anarcho-whatevers won't work). From a fundamentaly cosmic perspective what
they did is completely and utterly irrelevant and of no consequence. At the
same time I'm horrified that human beings can do that to other people and
live with themselves. The total lack of empathy I find utterly chilling.
Poppy Z. Brite in carnate.
Let me give you another example, unless the US is attacked directly by Iraq
we have no business threatening, let alone initiating, violence.
But I'll do what I did the last time we got in a scrap with the rag-head,
whatever I can. To do any less might cost somebody their life through my
negligent short-term unprincipled self-interest, a sin of ommission for a man
of no sins, I won't stop bitching about it either.
Does that help any better? Life is a contradiction in motion.
Me selling apples to a German doesn't involve their having a say in my law
making unless I'm an idiot in making the laws I operate under. There are
treaties, but the assumption is that they are entered into freely and with
comprehension. If they don't and do well that's their problem.
Congress can't make laws respecting establishments of religion. Not only
can't they support any, they can't prohibit any, they can't even
constitutionaly decide what a religion is. Per the 10th that is left to the
individual states and their respective representative constitutions.
The regulation of the manufacture and sales of alcohol started after the
civil war, late 1800' and early 1900's depending on your geography. It's
impossible to set a single date since the various laws were'not all initiated
at the same time. I believe somebody else is the person who equated
prohibition with regulation. In general the laws were put in place because
either there was a problem with tainted alcohol (this was a real problem in
the very early 1900's because of the use of lead pipes and other amalgams
that don't treat people nicely) or excessive consumption by the youth
usualy (ala The Great Gatsby). The laws got a lot more draconian after
prohibition was renounced. This is when many states really jumped on the
taxation band-wagon.
The reasoning behind the taxation of alcohol is the same today as it was in
Jeffersons day. He said that the taxation was intended to reduce the use
because of its debilitating effects. Then of course there is the
consideration of what a government can do with that money as well. This
taxation is what started the Whiskey Rebellion in the late 1790's. Jefferson
finaly repealed it after quite a string of violence in the early 1800's
(sorry I don't remember the actual dates, a web search on Whiskey Rebellion
would probably turn something up). During the whole thing Washington was
riding his fat ass around buying cheap land and forceably moving people who
had lived there, in general acting the little tyrant. He was involved in at least two related deaths and had invested in the business and supported the
What's really interesting is that when these taxes were intiated in the
early 1700's (originaly by the British) they were imposed on the
manufacturer not the consumer even though they were to limit the consumption
and not the manufacture.
The history of alcohol is long and twisted.
True, but then the news papers (they are not the same as the press - where
that commen misconception is from is beyond my keen) would just pander to
their extant major supporter, advertisers. How honest do you think that
would make them? Not very. If given the choice between the truth or a fatter
check newspapers (and their reporters) have in general chosen the way of the
Jefferson said he would never write a line in a newspaper, and didn't. He
thought them vile. He however held the free press (he meant unrestrained
communication between individuals) in high regard (obviously).
Who do they buy the press parts from? The ink and paper? The distribution
channles? Etc. You might be able to start one up but you won't last long in
a monotonicly profit driven free-market. If they rake muck too much they
won't have a rake anymore.
There's probably a lesson in there somewhere...
That was one of the ones I was thinking of.
They moderate and mediate those actions and in fact do set a limit on what
can occur at the social level. I'll say it again, government isn't for
regulating individual interactions at the daily level. It's simply too fine
grain. It will control trends and behaviours with a good deal of aplomb (if
it's not abused) - and I'm talking specificaly of a republican democracy
like the US has.
Governments address the general parameters of a society.
Every time. I can think of three times. Two accidents hunting and the third
a crazy with a knife. On a personal level I felt my sense of justification
from committing such an act didn't equate to me spending time in jail.
They're still alive, and I didn't do time. Works for me. In all three times
I could have shot them and walked off, I wouldn't have been found and there
were no connections. All three times were completely random events,
hapinstance. I quit hunting after the second hunting event. I also don't go
for long walks on the other side of the tracks at 2am anymore when I can't
sleep. Some junior high kid tried to rob me.
How can it be illegal if there are no bodies to create them, courts to
ejudicate them, supposedly unbiased police to enforce them. Now if we agree
that human nature isn't going to change then there is still the unanswered
(but asked a few dozen times) as to what the exact mechanism is that
prevents abuse. Simply saying that people will find out is not historicaly
reliable, people just don't volunteer for those sorts of things. Their first
reaction is to stay out of it. Even if they find out what do they do about
it? Go to a similar business down the street that operates identicaly?
Rape is rape, the point is to prevent it. Not just prevent it from your
People are more likely to suffer injustice as long as its sufferable. It's a
rare event to incite a large population to violence.
At least now there are limits to how ruthless they may be. You don't see
tanks on your street corner, there aren't troops of men running around
dragging people out of their homes because they're catholic or read 'Catcher
in the Rye' or 'Atlas Shrugged' and shooting them. And people (like us right
now) get to bitch about it with as near complete impunity as is possible in
a real world. Hell through the amendment process we can concievably bypass
the federal government completely. All that is required is the calling of a
convention, which the federal government have no authority over (especialy
since the right to peaceably assemble is protected and it don't get much more
peaceable than a constitutional convention).
What makes Bill Gates reprehensible is not what he did with Microsoft,
though the company as a whole should suffer. They certainly made profit
together, they should share the flip side of the coin.
Why I hold Bill Gates in so low esteem is his moral standing. A perfect
example is hurricane Mitch. The World Bank came up with a tad over $100M for
releif. Bill makes that in a few days. Here is a man with the means to
institute huge social, political, and economic change that at his level is
a pittance and he does nothing. He is scum. He made his bed, let him lie in
it. He didn't help others when they could have used it at little to no
impact to him, why should they extend a helping hand in return?
This is another excellent example of why anarcho-whatevers won't work. The
psychology of the truly wealthy is so self-interested and goal-oriented
instead of principled that they almost become pathological in their lack of
empathy. The claim is that succesful business will be some sort of utopic,
empathetic social force. It won't be, it isn't in human nature.
True, but there are many potential motives that drive profit, greed is the
most base one and as a result drives the lower levels of human activity.
I gotta stop now, I'm sleepy.
If I didn't get around to answering all the questions it's because there are
lots of you and only one of me...ask again in a few days and I'll answer it
Good night.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-12 15:16:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.401 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-13 23:01:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And *that* is the primary failure of the entire theory. It's strongest point
is sufficient to kill it. No, actualy, it's strongest point demands that it
be killed. Very weak argument epistomologicaly, with little more to offer
than didactic charms.
The implication is that individuals are making societal policies with no
checks and balances (failure 1). In effect, the only way an individual will be
restrained is by some sort of natural community action (never mind that
people don't voluntarily act that way, failure 2). There is no clear
mechanism to arbitrate disagreements other than the above mechanism pretty
much eschewing any sort of standard of behaviour which further fosters
non-compliant behaviour (failure 3). There is no clear mechanism that
protects property or civil rights since the very arbitration mechanism
changes (and by implication the standards of ethics/morality it's held to)
on a case by case basis mediated by the whim of chance on the compatibility
of any two individuals personal views (failure 4). The arbitrary use of
violence is at no point addressed (failure 5). One of the primary arguments
for anarcho- based systems is to address corruption and unfair competition.
Yet at no point does it sufficiently address the guidelines as to what those
are let alone limits on their solutions (failure 6).
So what we are left with is a system whereby people mediate their actions
based on the compatibility of their personal philosophies. As I've said
before, anarcho- based systems make the same phsychological mistake that
every system other than a democracy makes; if it works for one person the
answer should be acceptable to another. The very fact that the contrary to
this is one of the reasons behind anarcho- support doesn't seem to impinge
upon the concioussness. Anarchy is contradictory at the axiomatic level.
Another way to see it is: Let people do what they want and they'll naturaly
                          conform to what I want.
There is this same axiomatic problem with Hayek's economics and social
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-15 00:00:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Privacy and the internet (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's exactly what you should do, get a lawyer.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-16 10:16:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.402 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-16 21:36:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question about anarchic systems and natural disasters (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
[remainder deleted]
The question was how would an anarchic system work in this respect, not how
do governments, relief organizations, and the general public act now.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-17 21:51:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Where? Speech is a right not an immunity or privilige and the 14th doesn't
extend a single right only federaly mandated immunities and priviliges.
That is unless you're willing to let your rights become priviliges or
immunities given by the federal government. Not exactly what a right started
out to be.
The 14th is great spin-doctor bull-shit.
Actualy ours requires 75%.
True, but this is confusing a particular implimentation (however flawed)
with the principles behind it. Not the most accurate representation.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-17 21:51:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Nonsense, in this country the people chose to give the federal government
specific duties in regards violence and when it could be used and how. It's
nowhere near as one-sided as you would have anyone believe.
I find NOTHING in free-market theory that says violence is bad let alone
that it won't be prevelant. I hear a lot of folks claim this is the natural
result but then again, that's what Trotsky and his ilk did back at the
beginning of this century.
Simply claiming something about a potential system is not the same as
demonstrating that it actualy works that way.
They are if they impact what people do with their income. Simply saying that
we're going to ignore the political and economic impact of a sector of human
indeavour simply because it doesn't if within a nice little chart is a
Which takes money and time which has to come and go somewhere.
Please demonstrate what about anarchy will coerce (there is no other term)
individuals to do what is best for their neighbor. In the process you will
need to demonstrate as well why other systems prevent or prohibit such
expression currently.
If taken as individual instances, trying to argue from the specific to the
general in this case raises a whole can of worms that none of you are
answering, though I must admit some very nifty side-steps.
Nobody claimed that Bill, straw-man.
Explain how it works, it's that simple (and repeated for about the umpteenth
I find another aspect of anarchism pretty interesting, that is the level of
cooperation and homogeneity it would require for people to work together.
They have to give up various expressions of their religions and personal
beliefs in order to participate, othewise they let the assholes house burn
or whatever.
Sounds suspicously like socialism where each person is expected to
participate and produce according to the good of the many.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-17 22:12:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Some interesting computational articles [/.] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-17 23:56:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not even close junior.
As would I.
You also have no right to do anything to make their life worse either.
THAT is my objection to anarchism, it has zero, nada, null, nul, nil,
none, zipo recognition of others peoples rights and an individuals
responsibility to respect them.
It further refuses to recognize that to help others is to help oneself in
many cases.
Get your facts straight (but that's probably asking too much).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-18 04:01:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It wasn't me, I said it was axiomaticaly contradictory.
A oxymoron is two terms with contradictory meaning used together (eg
deafening silence).
  You know, that we can't have a society
Than anarchy is sooooo screwed.
  The state is nothing but an organization which kills
That's your rather self-serving definition. A state, used as a synonym for
government, has a much broader group of responsiblities.
  By
Demostrate please. I have not said, nor said anything that implies that. I
have said that people have a right to self defence and as an extension the
need of armies and other such institutions are an extension of that. I also
believe that police should exist and should have the responsibility to use
deadly force, just not in as many instances as now.
Anarchist would leave it to the individual to decide, a bad precidence.
No, *YOU* are exactly the ones who raised it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-18 05:31:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question about anarchic systems and natural disasters (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I noticed, it's been interesting the way it was dealt with...
We have volunteer fire depts. here in Texas (and most other states I've
been in). Typicaly they have no equipment, no training, and no money.
But, hey, they'll save the slab.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-19 00:53:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CJ Update Corrected (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not now.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-19 12:58:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's up with algebra.com? 
Anyone heard what the status of algebra.com is?
I've removed them from the SSZ distribution list temporarily, when they come
back I'll re-add the site.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-19 13:35:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - a question about prime sums of odd numbers... 
I have a question related to Goldbach's Conjecture:
All even numbers greater than two can be represented as the sum of primes.
Is there any work on whether odd numbers can always be represented as the
sum of primes? This of course implies that the number of prime members
must be odd and must exclude 1 (unless you can have more than a single
instance of a given prime). Has this been examined?
I'm assuming, since I can't find it explicitly stated anywhere, that
Goldbachs Conjecture allows those prime factors to occur in multiple
I've pawed through my number theory books and can't find anything relating
to this as regards odd numbers.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-19 13:53:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A tad more on Goldbach's Conjecture.... 
I figure I'll share the thought I'm trailing....
Given Goldbach's Conjecture as true then it has a geometric interpretation.
Given a triangle of even area greater than two it can be tiled with a set of
triangles, with areas given by primes, exactly. I'm using equilaterals as a
test case since they're easy to deal with geometricaly.
So, if one can show that this is true then Goldbach's follows.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-19 21:29:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
You should consider subscribing through one of the normal CDR nodes, the
toad.com site is unreliable.
Now just exactly what makes you believe that I want other people deciding
what happens to the results of my labor?
I support Open Source software, however not to the extent I want somebody
else to decide without my input whether any given piece happens to Open
Then perhaps you need to work on  your morality.
So what? How exactly does pornography map to stolen software?
Sounds like a personal problem to me.
I agree, you need to do some rethinking.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-19 23:26:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach & two or more primes... 
I'm aware of the Goldbach Reduction by Fermat. The problem is once this
theorem is placed in the geometric domain the fact that n-prime factors can
be reduced to 2 prime factors is critical and a hinderance. It simply isn't possible to tile a even aread triangle with two smaller
congruent triangles whose area is prime. As a result Goldbach's older form
is more applicable.
If it can be shown that such a tiling is always possible then by extension
of Fermat's conjecture the two prime supposition is proved.
Reductionism can be a friend or an enemy, swords cut both ways.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 00:35:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: manners (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Agreed, just be sure you can recognize the difference between rude and
simply uncomfortable directness.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 00:38:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - a question about prime sums of odd (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Shit! I wasn't even thinking of negatives....
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 00:40:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - a question about prime sums of odd numbers... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
None of the references that I've looked at state it clearly but I assume
that it must be or else we could just use 1 for everything.
Sure it can, 1 + 3 + 7. It can't be the PRODUCT of two lower primes since
it wouldn't be prime then. This sum by the way CAN'T be reduced to two primes
so Fermat's Conjecture applied to odds is clearly false.
The only proviso is the number we want to sum TO must be greater than 2.
ALL numbers can be represented as sums of primes, the question is whether
you allow repeats or not.
In the number theory realm, I agree. In the geometric real (in particular
using equilateral triangles) those constraints hold.
Note that the smallest number of sums for your example above is odd. The
reason that you must exclude the problem becomes trivial if you aren't
required to sum the 1's.
No kidding?
Actualy they are simply sums of 1's, its actualy first grade math.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 01:46:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - a question about prime sums of odd numbers (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
A prime is defined as *ANY* number (note the definition doesn't mention
sign or magnitude nor does it exclude any numbers a priori) that has no
multiplicative factors other than itself and 1.
1 * 1 = 1 so it is clearly prime.
Now, if a particular branch of number theory wants to extend it and make it
only numbers >=2 that is fine, I'm not working in that branch anyway.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 01:50:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - a question about prime sums of odd (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy a prime is any number which has no multiplicitave factors other than
itself and 1.
Does that mean negatives can't be prime numbers?
So, -3 breaks down to:
-3 * 1 = -3; 3 * -1 would be another set of factors so negatives can't be
primes in the strictest sense.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 03:10:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Math Forum - Ask Dr. Math (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Whether the 1 is there or not is irrelevant,
3x3x3x3... is not 3 in the first place.
3x1x1x1x1.... IS 3.
This definition of a prime has one serious drawback.
It ignores the fundamental identity theorem of arithmatic:
 1 * n = n
So, as a result we're in the interesting and potentialy untenable
situation of defining a identity theorem, base our math on it, and then
come along one day and say it doesn't apply anymore WITHOUT making any
other changes to the structure of the theories....
This is VERY BAD science/math.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 03:12:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anyone know where to get EURISKO? 
Anyone got a clue on where to get a copy of EURISKO (language isn't
important since I want to convert it to Perl)?
I'm playing with some number theory stuff and since EURISKO was pretty good
at I'd be interested in seein the specifics of Lenet's approach. All I've
been able to find so far are very general descriptions in the various AI
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 06:14:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Math Forum - Ask Dr. Math (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Quite sendin this shit to my private email, send it to the list.
It gains a consistency at the axiomatic level that isn't there now.
If it won't do anything to the math you shouldn't object to adding it
(course you'll have to add 'applies to all primes except 1' to a lot of
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 08:09:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: VSNL Censors Indian Internet Sites. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The SSZ list got it. I even forwarded it to a friend who is working on an
Indian telco/telcom project.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 09:00:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture 
If we go with the flow and exclude 1 (so we don't have to rewrite all our
theorems) and assume that all even numbers greater than 2 can be represented
as a sum of two prime factors we have a problem...
How does one sum 4?
2 + 2?
We certainly can't use 3 + 1. If we allow repetition *and* the number 2 as a
prime then all even numbers can be written as a string of 2's summed
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 09:20:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Digital cockroaches, 5 IP's per body by 2000 [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
[text deleted]
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 11:56:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, that was Fermat, Goldbach just says every even number greater than two
can be represented as a sum of primes. Basicaly Fermat says that if we have
n primes we can reduce them to 2 primes only, in all cases. Which happens to
exclude using equilateral triangles as a test bed since you can't tile a
equilateral with only two other equilaterals, you could use rectangles though.
So basicaly from a geometric perspective Fermat says that given a rectangle of
even area it is possible to divide it with a bisector into two rectangles of
prime area.
It's interesting that Fermat doesn't mention that the only prime that can
use two as a factor is 4. And you can't factor 2 at all since we eliminate
1 as a potential candidate (another issue of symmetry breaking simply so we
don't have to write '....works for every prime but 1' on all our theorems).
The real issue for me is the interaction of primes (ie n * 1 = n) and the
identity theorem (ie n * 1 = n). They're opposite sides of the same coin.
It doesn't really matter now since it doesn't look like I'm going to get a
copy of EURISKO in this lifetime to play with.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 13:38:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ok, so this one says it was Goldbach himself and in particular states two
odd primes completely eliminating 4 from the get go ...
This one is the second version...
And finaly a third completely different slant. They at least get Fermats
contribution right.
Well I'd say that all three of your references tended to contradict each
other. Which one do you want to stand on?
This is my quote:
I'll stand by this statement.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 14:15:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: COPA/CDA II blocked until 12/4/98  [/.] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 15:33:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: More Goldbach's Conjecture 
Well there are two more definitions, from the same book [1], that are not
pp. 335
For all natural numbers x, if x is even, non-zero, and not 2, then there
exist prime numbers y and z such that x is the sum of y and z.
pp. 673
...every even number, n>6 (it at least takes care of my question about 4),
 is the sum of two odd primes.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] VNR Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics

@_date: 1998-11-20 21:27:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: More Goldbach's Conjecture (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Or they don't like:
2 + 2
3 + 3
Take your pick, either are equaly likely.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-20 22:00:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - the various definitions 
Now before somebody gets a bee in their bonnet....
Yes, the VNR has a typo in respect to the '6', it should be >2.
As to the various other definitions that folks have been submitting. I'm not
real sure what their exact point is since it's agreed by all that it's:
...all even numbers greater than 2..., and Goldbach believed it had to be
three prime factors while Fermat pointed out it could always be 2.
As to the two defintions that accredit the reduction from 3 to 2 to Goldbach
while leaving Fermat out of the picture fail to explain why Fermat's point
is called Fermat's in the first place.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-21 00:01:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, I made a typo. I got so focused on primes last nite that I seem to have
typed it in instead of 'even'. I didn't notice it when I saw it posted to
the list. My mistake, sorry for the confusion.
What started this whole enquiry for me was the realization that the
multiplication identity axiom is related to the definition of a prime. Then
add on top of that the reason we exclude 1 is so we don't have to write
'...except for the prime 1' on the end of lots of number theory (re Richard
Feynman's comment during the Challenger Investigation). It was the realization that if we go ahead and include 1 so the axioms are in line with
each other (and use our cut&paste feature for the '...1...') then perhaps it
would provide a more consistent base and just maybe some of the extant
problems in number theory might become solvable in other ways. My original
intention was to get a copy of Doug Lenat's EURISKO theorem proving program
and change the definition of prime in its database and note the results
(after converting it to Perl from LISP). What started all that is that I'm
slowly going through 'An Introduction to Algebraic Structures' by J. Landin
(Dover) creating a cheat-sheet of number theory that eventualy I hope to post
on my webpage for reference.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-21 02:14:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I'll give you a hint, more than that single problem goes away.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-22 05:53:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to make non-neutral charge batteries... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No shit Bill.....
No shit twice Bill, I make mine for my Tesla Coil out of copper sheeting and
BIG (3ft x 6ft) plates of glass that were scrapped from a constuction site.
Know what?
If you take the Layden Jar, put a charge on the inside plate and then remove
the OUTSIDE plate which is required to get it there, IT STILL HOLDS A
Don't believe it? Try this:
Take one plane of glass and two copper sheets.
Place a glass between alternating copper layers thusly:
 Cu >    -----------------------
       ---------------------------    < glass
         ----------------------- < Cu
Then place a charge on it by using a standard battery.
Then remove the metal plates leaving just the glass.
Where do YOU believe the charge is stored, on the metal plates?
If so....BUUUUUZZZZZZZ....wrong answer.
If it were so we'd get a discharge if we connect the two metal sheets
together after removing from the glass plate, you won't.
If you put two metal plates on the glass and connect them again you'll
get a spark.
The charge RESTS ON THE SURFACE OF THE INSULATOR, the metal plates are there
so that we can get an even charge distribution QUICKLY across the insulating
dielectric. You could do it using just a couple of wires touching opposite
sides of the glass but it will take a whopping long time to get the charge
on the dielectric plate because it's an insulator and it has very few surface
electrons (one of the characteristics of an insulator) to help distribute it.
I'll let you in on another little secret.
If you take two Leyden Jars and charge the inside plates of the two jars
alternately and then connect them with a wire you'll get a spark clearly
demonstrating charge flow, even if the outside plates aren't connected.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-22 05:55:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Oh, a warning about playing with glass & charge.... 
If you do decide to play with charges stored on glass plates wear eye
protection because every once in a while the mechanical stress is more than
the glass can take and it will shatter.
One way you can do this is to go to your local video arcade and purchase one
of the glass sheets they use to cover their pinball machines. Then carry
that glass plate by the edge in your hand as you scuff your feet across a
nylon pile carpet (again wear safety glasses). The result about 1 out of 100
times, or if you've got lots of patience and can afford hours to scuff feet
on carpet, is that the glass plate will shatter with a report about
equivalent to a .22. Anyone watching should also wear eye protection as the
shards can go 20ft. or moe. It's best if you do this on a cold dry day.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-22 06:21:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another charge question for you physics genius'es 
Get yourself a 10,000 mike electrolytic cap. I prefer one of the cylindrical
blue ones that have the 8-32 threaded terms on the top. Put a screw in each
terminal. Short the screws with commen copper connection wire. Let it sit
for several days to be sure there is no charge on it.
Then remove the wire and let it sit for a couple of weeks. Then I dare you
to touch it to your tongue.
The question is:
Where did that charge that just knocked the shit out of you come from?
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-22 06:26:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Error Condition Re: Another charge question for you physics genius'es (fwd) 
I guess Bill's decided to play around with his filtering software....
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1998-11-22 07:28:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Error Condition Re: Another charge question for you physics genius'es (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Good luck and apologies for my incorrect conclusion.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Lawyers ask the wrong questions when they don't want
            the right answers.
                                        Scully (X-Files)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-23 03:46:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Oh, a warning about playing with glass & charge.... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is true ONLY if the dielectric doesn't touch either plate and is simply
used to increase the storage capability (via Gauss' Law) of the capacitor
over an air gap type of the same physical structure. The reason you have
this force is the induced charge on the surface of the dielectric and the
electrostatic attraction this causes with the charge on the plate. If the
plate ACTUALY TOUCHES there is NO INDUCED CHARGE via Gauss's Law, it's a
REAL charge stored on the surface of the insulating dielectric and the plate
remains NEUTRALY charged.
Why is there no induced charged? Because as you place charge on the
conducting plate it induces a charge via Gauss' Law on the dielctric. Since
the metal has outer orbital electrons available (which an insulator doesn't)
the charge in the plate gets transported to the surface of the insulator and
bonds there (remember unlike charges attract) with the induced charge.
Why does the charge storage increase because of the dielectric? The
electrical moment of the atoms is greater than that of the air. This is
another reason the charge once deposited on the dielectric surface will
stay there when the plate is removed.
If you go back and look at the examples in your physics books that your
basing your position on you'll find that in EVERY case there is an air gap
between the plates and the dielectric. Remove the air gap and the behaviour
of the charge and hence it's explanation changes accordingly.
Q: Where does the electric field come from Tim?
A: The charges (ie electrons and protons) that are sitting on the surface of
   the dielectric (where the di- comes from). The electric field strength is
   a measure of the wavelength of the photons those two contrary sets of
   particles are bouncing back and forth between themselves.
Q: Explain why the charge sitting on the surface of that dielectric will
   stay on the metal plate when the metal plate is removed. The metal plate
   is a conductor so as it is removed it effectively carries the charge of
   the part of the dielectric that it still retains contact with. Why would
   that e- choose to move TOWARD a ne- charge when it's sitting there with
   an opposite charge already in a minimum energy configuration?
A: It won't. To do so violates the minimal energy requirements of the
   system as well as the standard behaviour of charges (ie like repel,
   opposite attract).
Another experiment....
Try removing the metal foil when there is a charge and when there isn't.
You won't find an appreciable difference.
As to the energy required to remove the foil, yes force times distance is
energy and it's the energy requisite to overcome the inertia of the metal
foil. There is also a small additional force caused by Gauss' Law because the
the distance between the e- (for example) stored on the dielectric and the
metal plate will form a 'virtual' charge on the surface of the plate. However,
since the plate itself is neutral (by definition) there will be a contrary
charge on the opposite side. Hence, you won't loose a single coulomb of charge
to the metal plate. You can check this by using either an electronic charge
meter (1-800-OMEGA if you're interested) or you  can use a gold leaf
electrometer. If the charge varies as Tim claims then the angle between the
leaves should change (ie get smaller). It won't.
As to the force, the maximal force will occur when the plate is removed as a
single piece perpendicular to the surface of the dielectric. If you roll or
peel it off it will for all intents and purposes come free effortlessy
because you won't have to fight the electrostatic force.
                --------------------------------------  < Cu +
              ------------------------------------------
                --------------------------------------  < Cu -
              ------------------------------------------
                --------------------------------------  < Cu +
              ------------------------------------------
                --------------------------------------  < Cu -
NOTE: there is NO air gap between the glass and the Cu sheeting. I use
      normal old cinter blocks to press them together as tightly as I
      can.
Another experinment:
Build the stack as shown above and remove each later one at at time with
and without charge. Note the behaviour of the metal plate. It will tend to
go with the glass plate that is being removed. Because of induced charges
via Gauss' Law the foil will tend to go with the glass plate as it's
            ---------------------------------------------
             -------------------------------------------  Cu +
            ---------------------------------------------
As the top plate is removed the air gap will force a virtual charge to build
up on the surface of the foil. As a consequence an opposite and equal charge
will build up on the other side of the foil and it will be + and in
opposition to the + charge already sitting on the bottem glass plate. The
induced charge on the top of the Cu will be - and will be attracted to the +
charge on the bottem of the top plate.
This of course assumes you're using very thin foil. If it's very thick at
all you won't see this because of gravity. I tend to use very heavy foil so
that I don't get shocks from these various induced fields when I'm handling
the plates. Be sure to use heavy rubber gloves. Rubbermaid kitchen gloves
intended for industrial washing are sufficient unless you're going to use a
high voltage and charge.
Anybody who wants to understand the theory (despite Tim's claims to the
contrary) is welcome to check out:
Jay Orear
ISBN 0-02-389460-1
Chpt. 16, Electrostatics
pp. 308 - 338
in particular,
pp. 327, 16-6 Dielectrics
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-23 11:57:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
Forwarded message:
[mnoga tekct oodalyaty]
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-23 14:28:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.403 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-24 01:11:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Issues of crypto, politics, & chaos [sciencedaily.com] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-24 07:31:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - the various definitions (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, Goldbach's says specificaly EVEN numbers.
Nobody said he did.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-24 08:02:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (RAM) under Windows") (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
[text deleted]
Sounds cool, but I have a couple of questions:
1.  Is it OpenSource?
2.  I assume since it never swaps to disk the memory requirements for the
    computer are large. What is the minimum suggested if one runs say
    5 apps that each require 16M each, 5*16M & OS overhead? And what is
    the suggested OS overhead with no swap to disk?
    (OK, that last one might be a 3rd question)
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-24 08:04:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Goldbach & Sum's of two primes to odd numbers 
Somebody explain how to odd numbers added together make a third odd number.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-24 09:33:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A tad more on Goldbach's... 
I figure I'll drop a couple of more points on this since nobody else seems to
have twigged to them....
Goldbach's original conjecture is crap. There is NO way that 3 odd numbers
will ever equal an even number. Odd + Odd is Even. Even + Odd is Odd. Fermat
was a hell of a lot more charitable to the original assertion than I would
have been.
Goldbach's existing conjecture can be worded another way:
Any even number may be represented by the sum of 3 even numbers provided two
of the numbers are 1 less than a prime and we add 2.
It's obvious that an even number can always be the sum of other even
numbers, it's axiomatic. The question actualy is:
Is the set of even numbers whose members are one less than the corresponding
member of the primes sufficient, when added to 2, to sum to all the even
As far as I can find nobody has written a lot on patterns of even numbers 1
less than the odds. There's not even a name for the set that I can find.
As to somebodies assertion that an odd number can be represented by the sum
of two odds, better study your math a tad better. Odd + Odd is *always*
Even, never Odd.
Happy Thanksgiving!
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-24 10:39:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A tad more on Goldbach's... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Bullshit Tim. I NEVER said that. You and the other physics geniuses who
stated that an internal charge on a conducting sphere doesn't get propogated
out to the surface of the sphere are the ones who are claiming that Gauss'
Law doesn't apply.
Don't give me credit for your stupidity.
You give it a rest.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-25 02:50:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A bit more on Goldbach's and Primes 
Goldbach's Conjecture:
Any even number >2 can be represented as the sum of two prime numbers.
Goldbach's Extension:
Any even number >=6 can be represented as the sum of three even numbers. 2
plus two evens that are each 1 less than a prime.
1.	Pick an even number
2.	Select largest prime that is smaller by at least 4.
3.	Add 1.
4.	The difference between 1 and 3 should be a p-1. Add one to the
        number that comes from (p-1)+1 isn't prime for that prime.
This technique could be used to extrapolate potential unknown primes from
known primes since it produces a much smaller list of potential candidates than simply testing consecutive odds via a sieve. It also is not as porous
as Mersenne Prime tests.
So, we need a way of guestimating the magnitude of the next prime and pick
big_even_numbers that are appropriate.
Observation: For a given x the number of primes <x is limited by x/ln(x).
             So we could note the points where x/ln(x) increases by 1.
Even Number Sum's:
 6, 2+2+2
 8, 2+2+4
 10, 2+2+6
 12, 2+4+6
 14, 2+6+6
 18, 2+4+12
 20, 2+2+16
 22, 2+2+18
 24, 2+4+18
 26, 2+6+18
 28, 2+4+22
 30, 2+6+22
 32, 2+2+28
 34, 2+2+30
 36, 2+4+30
 38, 2+6+30
 40, 2+2+36
100, 2+2+96
398, 2+8+388     Note: this breaks since 8 isn't available. 9 ain't a
                       prime.
     2+14+382          next smaller doesn't work since 14 isn't there.
                       15 isn't prime.
     2+18+378          that one works!
666, 2+4+660
758, 2+6+750
1,032, 2+10+1020
1,044, 2+4+1038
6,236, 2+6+6228
7,920, 2+12+7906	Note: can't use 7,919 since it's delta is <4.
Iterated Sums:
1st 1,000 Primes & their p-1's:
      p         p-1
 -------------------------------
      2         1
      3		2
      5		4
      7		6
     11		10
     13		12
     17 	16
     19		18
     23		22
     29		28
     31		30
     37		36
     41		40
     43		42
     47		46
     53		52
     59		58
     61 	60
     67		66
     71		70
     73		72
     79		78
     83		82
     89		88
     97		96
    101 	100
    103
    107
    109
    113
    127    131    137    139    149    151    157    163    167    173
    179    181    191    193    197    199    211    223    227    229
    233    239    241    251    257    263    269    271    277    281
    283    293    307    311    313    317    331    337    347    349
    353    359    367    373    379    383    389    397    401    409
    419    421    431    433    439    443    449    457    461    463
    467    479    487    491    499    503    509    521    523    541
    547    557    563    569    571    577    587    593    599    601
    607    613    617    619    631    641    643    647    653    659
    661    673    677    683    691    701    709    719    727    733
    739    743    751    757    761    769    773    787    797    809
    811    821    823    827    829    839    853    857    859    863
    877    881    883    887    907    911    919    929    937    941
    947    953    967    971    977    983    991    997   1009   1013
   1019   1021   1031   1033   1039   1049   1051   1061   1063   1069
   1087   1091   1093   1097   1103   1109   1117   1123   1129   1151
   1153   1163   1171   1181   1187   1193   1201   1213   1217   1223
   1229   1231   1237   1249   1259   1277   1279   1283   1289   1291
   1297   1301   1303   1307   1319   1321   1327   1361   1367   1373
   1381   1399   1409   1423   1427   1429   1433   1439   1447   1451
   1453   1459   1471   1481   1483   1487   1489   1493   1499   1511
   1523   1531   1543   1549   1553   1559   1567   1571   1579   1583
   1597   1601   1607   1609   1613   1619   1621   1627   1637   1657
   1663   1667   1669   1693   1697   1699   1709   1721   1723   1733
   1741   1747   1753   1759   1777   1783   1787   1789   1801   1811
   1823   1831   1847   1861   1867   1871   1873   1877   1879   1889
   1901   1907   1913   1931   1933   1949   1951   1973   1979   1987
   1993   1997   1999   2003   2011   2017   2027   2029   2039   2053
   2063   2069   2081   2083   2087   2089   2099   2111   2113   2129
   2131   2137   2141   2143   2153   2161   2179   2203   2207   2213
   2221   2237   2239   2243   2251   2267   2269   2273   2281   2287
   2293   2297   2309   2311   2333   2339   2341   2347   2351   2357
   2371   2377   2381   2383   2389   2393   2399   2411   2417   2423
   2437   2441   2447   2459   2467   2473   2477   2503   2521   2531
   2539   2543   2549   2551   2557   2579   2591   2593   2609   2617
   2621   2633   2647   2657   2659   2663   2671   2677   2683   2687
   2689   2693   2699   2707   2711   2713   2719   2729   2731   2741
   2749   2753   2767   2777   2789   2791   2797   2801   2803   2819
   2833   2837   2843   2851   2857   2861   2879   2887   2897   2903
   2909   2917   2927   2939   2953   2957   2963   2969   2971   2999
   3001   3011   3019   3023   3037   3041   3049   3061   3067   3079
   3083   3089   3109   3119   3121   3137   3163   3167   3169   3181
   3187   3191   3203   3209   3217   3221   3229   3251   3253   3257
   3259   3271   3299   3301   3307   3313   3319   3323   3329   3331
   3343   3347   3359   3361   3371   3373   3389   3391   3407   3413
   3433   3449   3457   3461   3463   3467   3469   3491   3499   3511
   3517   3527   3529   3533   3539   3541   3547   3557   3559   3571
   3581   3583   3593   3607   3613   3617   3623   3631   3637   3643
   3659   3671   3673   3677   3691   3697   3701   3709   3719   3727
   3733   3739   3761   3767   3769   3779   3793   3797   3803   3821
   3823   3833   3847   3851   3853   3863   3877   3881   3889   3907
   3911   3917   3919   3923   3929   3931   3943   3947   3967   3989
   4001   4003   4007   4013   4019   4021   4027   4049   4051   4057
   4073   4079   4091   4093   4099   4111   4127   4129   4133   4139
   4153   4157   4159   4177   4201   4211   4217   4219   4229   4231
   4241   4243   4253   4259   4261   4271   4273   4283   4289   4297
   4327   4337   4339   4349   4357   4363   4373   4391   4397   4409
   4421   4423   4441   4447   4451   4457   4463   4481   4483   4493
   4507   4513   4517   4519   4523   4547   4549   4561   4567   4583
   4591   4597   4603   4621   4637   4639   4643   4649   4651   4657
   4663   4673   4679   4691   4703   4721   4723   4729   4733   4751
   4759   4783   4787   4789   4793   4799   4801   4813   4817   4831
   4861   4871   4877   4889   4903   4909   4919   4931   4933   4937
   4943   4951   4957   4967   4969   4973   4987   4993   4999   5003
   5009   5011   5021   5023   5039   5051   5059   5077   5081   5087
   5099   5101   5107   5113   5119   5147   5153   5167   5171   5179
   5189   5197   5209   5227   5231   5233   5237   5261   5273   5279
   5281   5297   5303   5309   5323   5333   5347   5351   5381   5387
   5393   5399   5407   5413   5417   5419   5431   5437   5441   5443
   5449   5471   5477   5479   5483   5501   5503   5507   5519   5521
   5527   5531   5557   5563   5569   5573   5581   5591   5623   5639
   5641   5647   5651   5653   5657   5659   5669   5683   5689   5693
   5701   5711   5717   5737   5741   5743   5749   5779   5783   5791
   5801   5807   5813   5821   5827   5839   5843   5849   5851   5857
   5861   5867   5869   5879   5881   5897   5903   5923   5927   5939
   5953   5981   5987   6007   6011   6029   6037   6043   6047   6053
   6067   6073   6079   6089   6091   6101   6113   6121   6131   6133
   6143   6151   6163   6173   6197   6199   6203   6211   6217   6221
   6229   6247   6257   6263   6269   6271   6277   6287   6299   6301
   6311   6317   6323   6329   6337   6343   6353   6359   6361   6367
   6373   6379   6389   6397   6421   6427   6449   6451   6469   6473
   6481   6491   6521   6529   6547   6551   6553   6563   6569   6571
   6577   6581   6599   6607   6619   6637   6653   6659   6661   6673
   6679   6689   6691   6701   6703   6709   6719   6733   6737   6761
   6763   6779   6781   6791   6793   6803   6823   6827   6829   6833
   6841   6857   6863   6869   6871   6883   6899   6907   6911   6917
   6947   6949   6959   6961   6967   6971   6977   6983   6991   6997
   7001   7013   7019   7027   7039   7043   7057   7069   7079   7103
   7109   7121   7127   7129   7151   7159   7177   7187   7193   7207
   7211   7213   7219   7229   7237   7243   7247   7253   7283   7297
   7307   7309   7321   7331   7333   7349   7351   7369   7393   7411
   7417   7433   7451   7457   7459   7477   7481   7487   7489   7499
   7507   7517   7523   7529   7537   7541   7547   7549   7559   7561
   7573   7577   7583   7589   7591   7603   7607   7621   7639   7643
   7649   7669   7673   7681   7687   7691   7699   7703   7717   7723
   7727   7741   7753   7757   7759   7789   7793   7817   7823   7829
   7841   7853   7867   7873   7877   7879   7883   7901   7907   7919

@_date: 1998-11-25 03:14:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to unsubscribe 
Happy Thanksgiving!
Forwarded message:
1. You MUST spell correctly.
2. send a message to majordomo at domain.name with an empty title and the
   body consisting of 'unsubscribe '.
Note that if you don't unsubscribe from the same account you subscribed with
it will fail.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-25 04:58:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A bit more on Goldbach's and Primes (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, shit. It's a pity nobody seem to have ever carried it through and
published it.
Exactly, I've a latter version that covers the various boundary conditions
and what they mean. 9 and 15 for example aren't prime so because that number
doesn't appear in the list of primes you know that this prime won't work as
a candidate and you go pick the next lower one.
If this is your only objection with this algorithm then I'm covered.
But you do. You have a list of known primes as I said originaly. Should have looked at the list of the first 1000 primes that was attached. If you don't
want an array you could always impliment a Seive of Eratosthanese for example
to generate them as required. This is an approach I'm looking at currently
with a Perl implimentation.
Hell, even if you start off with only 2 and 3 defined as prime you can
generate the others, though it doesn't appear to be sufficient to prove
primality. It does reduce the number of candidate odd numbers to examine for
Given [ 2, 3 ] and Goldbach's Extension:
6 = 2 + 2 + 2		p = 3, p = 3
8 = 2 + 2 + 4           p = 3, p = 5
We do a Seive of Eratosthanese and find 5 is prime so we now have:
[ 2, 3, 5 ]
10 = 2 + 4 + 4		p = 5, p = 5
12 = 2 + 4 + 6          p = 5, p = 7
So we check 7 and find it's prime and we now have:
[ 2, 3, 5, 7 ]
And so on.
The real advantage comes into play for very large primes since they get more
sparse implying that a strictly direct approach (eg applying a Seive to
every odd number) gets more and more non-primes to sift through. This
technique reduces that set considerably because it gives you a known list of
primes that you look through for existance.
I'd say round up the 3.84. This is modulo math so fractions like this are
impossible to deal with in this context because they aren't defined. The
normal process is that if a fraction is produced it rounds up to the next
larger integer (re the Camel & Banana problem).
It's not my observation. If you go and look on The Primes webpage or any
number theory book that covers limits on primes then you will find this
asymptote given as the most commenly used.
I did, you should check your conclusions more carefuly before you jump into
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-25 05:20:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Limit on number of primes....a (silly) typo... 
Just to let you know, I had typed x/ln(x) as the asymptotic limit for the number of primes less
than x.
This is incorrect. It should be,
I guess I did it by habit. Sorry.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-25 08:58:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pi(x) - How many primes below x? 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-26 02:50:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dr. Strangelove on the Y2K Opportunity (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's MEGA-wishful thinking (not to mention more than a tad nuts).
The results of a major nuclear strike would take the human race to a
civilization level more akin to the Sumarians (at best). The ecological,
technological, medical, etc. failures would be impossible to deal with at
our current level of technology.
Potentialy a billion or more people would survive short-term. Nobody in
there right mind would want to trade places with them. Within 20 years the
vast majority of the survivors would be dead. If there would be more than
50M in 60 years over the entire planet I'd be surprised.
If I were setting policy I'd point a bunch/most of my nukes at myself. The
kindest thing I can do for my people is to kill them, the worst thing I
could do for my enemy is leave them alive - they'll eat themselves. Then I'd
sit back and say:
"Fuck with us and we suicide. Oh, we'll take you with us but slowly and by
your own hand."
In the process nuke their major grain belts, water resources, and raw metal
sites, leave their cities and major population centers standing and occupied.
It ain't winnable by either side except by avoidance.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-26 05:12:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to reign the federal government in... 
Start a political party, but the likes of which has never walked the face of
the Earth.
The individual states when acting in a clear majority (>=75%) may pass
Constitutional amendments without the involvement or interference of federal
The IRS, for example, could be shut down tomorrow or significantly modified
via this mechanism without involvement at the federal level.
What is needed is a political party that has a representative site in each
state capital. Their job is to get proposed amendments to the Constitution
on the floor of each body for vote.
Think nationaly, act by state.
There could be no appeal to the Supreme Court for constitutionality because
it IS the Constitution.
There are no requirements in the Constitution to notify or otherwise
register such acts with the federal authorities. In short, it's none of
their business if the people acting at the state level change the laws at
the federal level. They must either comply or quit their jobs.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-26 06:12:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Intellectual Property is like a banana (McNealy) 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-26 06:59:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to reign the federal government in... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which is exactly what I said. The goal of the party would be to get proposed
amendments on the floor each state legislature for vote.
That's the way I see it as well, which is the point after all. Actualy it is. The Convention is only to create the amendment, the actual
vote takes place in the state legislatures, not the convention.
Absolutely. Now, let's kick the beggar in!
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-26 07:28:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Article V - an analysis 
necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions of the three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which shall be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of it's equal Suffrage in the Senate.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Congress can propose amendments if 2/3 of both houses agree
Or when Congress is directed by 2/3 of the state legislatures a convention
can be called for *proposing* amendments
Irrespective of which of the above two processes causes an amendment to be
considered a part of the Constitution when 3/4 of the state legislatures
vote for it, or by the constitutional conventions called in 3/4 of the state
agree on it. The decision of which method to use may be *proposed* by
It's after 1808 and we're not considering state representation in the
Senate so I'll skip the last two phrases.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
The only sticky wicket I see is the ...proposed by Congress. Does this mean
that Congress can decide which of the two it will recognize? Or does it mean
that Congress can merely express its desire? Or does this apply only to the
bills that were developed in the Congress? There's no time line for Congress
to decide, could this be used to hinder such a process?
Note that it's important to recognize that we're talking about 3/4n
conventions and not a single convention attended by 3/4n representatives of
the states. The tense of the sentence leaves no doubt.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-26 07:36:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Article V - an analysis (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Why is this problematic? When the convention was called it was with the
express goal of replacing the articles. A tacit a priori admission they were
faulty and needed replacement.
Now, why would they ratify the new Constitution under the old rules in such
a situation? They wouldn't. One day the old rules apply, the next day the
new rules apply. It makes more sense to ask folks to recognize the new rules
under their own aegis than some problematic hold-over. No, the intent of the
Constitution was to intentionaly break the ties with the status quo and
Did Congress accept the prohibition amendments without a priori specifying
their submission and implimentation mechanism?
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-26 07:56:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Article V - an analysis (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which is by definition within the powers of such a convention. Their charter
is to come together in order to build a consensus and create from that a
charter for future operations. The litmus test is whether the states are
willing enough to go along with it to actualy do it. They were so the point
was moot. The states called the convention in order to create new proposals
for government, the convention went back to the states with a proposal, the
states looked it over and voted for it. It's important to remember as well
that the original Constitution had to be ratified by all 13 original states
and not simply 3/4 of them. The choice was unanimous.
So, however the bill get's to Congress they must specify a method for the
states to enact. Now the question is how long does Congress get? If Congress
sits around and does nothing can it stall long enough that they can kill the
amendment process by their own internal procedures? There is certainly no
time limit imposed by the Constitution so the implication is that Congress
has to wait until the states decide whether that takes a day or a century.
But at the same token there is no implicit time constraint on Congress
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-26 08:52:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Article V - an analysis (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
How? Explain what part of Article V leaves this hole open. Explain the
relevance of the operational proceedures used during the transition from the
Articles to the current Constitution to the modification of the Constitution
itself within the bounds of its own structure? Congress wasn't even involved
in that original process because it didn't technicaly exist until after the
ratification. Why would a precedence involving state legislatures be found
to hold on a national legislature? There is also the issue that the
Constitution once duly implimented is the supreme law of the land and it
takes precedence over precedence.
This is apples and oranges.
Bottem line, if 3/4 of the states ratify there isn't anything that keeps it
from being law. The most that Congress can say is whether it's a direct vote
in the legislature or a vote by convention.
Which is relevant how?
That can't work if the resolution comes from the states. Only Congress has
the authority to decide that issue. So the only way a proposed amendment can
be placed up for debate and at the same time specify how it is to be voted
on at the state level is if it comes from Congress in the first place. A
proposal submitted by the states would force the debate of how it was to be
decided. Once that was settled it would be passed back to the appropriate
state legislature for direct vote or the initiation of a convention if
sufficient votes could be found.
I assume your speaking of the prohibition amendments again and their limits
(7 years I seem to remember).
That raises an interesting point. Suppose that the states submit an
amendment proposal, can Congress modify it? I'd say not because of the 10th.
If they could then the power of the states to submit amendments would be
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-28 03:55:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Scientific American: Science and the Citizen: BEATING THE TEMPEST: (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Sender: root at coney.lsd-labs.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.5 [en] (X11; I; Linux 2.0.36 i586)
X-Accept-Language: en

@_date: 1998-11-29 00:24:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: European Commission proposal on legal framework for e-commerce (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's pretty gutsy, put your goal in plain english in the first sentence.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-29 00:25:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Where does he say that Bill? And while it ain't religious, there are some
perferences to having it open source versus controlled source.
Wrong, since the ENTIRE OS is run under this it's not nearly that simple.
The OS's internal swap page as well as by extension the contexts they point
to are going to be sitting in there. The app should also encrypt the address
spaces of the system structures.
Where in that description does it say it allows particular apps to use this
You don't know this but you're willing to try to rake me....
Talk about unprepared.
Your guess is pretty much worthless. What we'd like is an aswer from the
person who wrote it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-29 00:26:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Article V - an analysis (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Really? Where do you see that in the Constitution?
And where do you see unlimited power assigned at under Article V?
That isn't a precedence.
Sure it does, then the states remove their support and it isn't a convention
necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions of the three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which shall be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of it's equal Suffrage in the Senate.     ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-29 02:07:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
My mistake. Since it really does only handle individual apps it's of limited
utility in the Windows world because of the numerous ways to get system
level access.
Considering that this doesn't prohibit apps from getting access to that
memory, it only prohibits that memory page from being written to disk, it
has limited utility. It's only real protection is against disk scans.
For example a bogus service could gain system level and initiate a DMA
transfer of that non-swappable ram into their own address space.
Sure it is. It's the entire reason to have big online memory pools. Idealy
you'd have a computer with nothing but gig's and gig's of ram and no hard
drive at all.
No, simply provide it enough ram it never has to swap out to disk except in
the case of updates to files. If ram's that cheap we could do away with the
drive completely.
They why do I (and you unless youre using a tty) keep adding ram to my
Win/Linux/Solaris/AIX/HP/etc. boxes to reduce the swapping that is taking
place? It's slow, we put up with it because we can't afford those hundreds
of meg's of ram to hold our app and the entire database file (for example).
No, it wouldn't. The question of swap or virtual space is one of economics
and not computer architecture. If it were economicaly feasible there would
be no drives just fast main ram.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-29 02:50:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I forgot to add that I'd still be interested in knowing if the utility would
support the entire OS being run under this and what the memory constraints
would be.
If I had 2 of the Samsung 4G memory modules w/ battery back-up I could run
an entire machine without a hard-drive.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-29 13:00:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I wouldn't because I'd have enough RAM to cover the requisite resources of
my OS and apps.
You have the cart before the horse.
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Technology cannot make us other than what we are.
                                           James P. Hogan
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 15:48:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: copyright at the point of a gun (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So long as it isn't money your taking out of their pocket. There is an
obvious double standard at play in the piracy issue.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 17:34:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The Mafia. The handful of world-class coke dealers. Your local church.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 19:18:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Clear and present danger: FIGHT AGAINST NATIONAL ID CARD (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Three branches of government? Between the state and federal?
I don't think so...
There are *THREE* (3) EQUALY powered members in the government of the United
States of America; federal, state, and the people.
The federal level is split into three seperate branches, they as single
entitities are NOT the federal government.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
We, the People of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. be made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.
not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.     ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 20:19:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Churches monopolize faith (but let's not go there).
Tell that to the Isreali's and the Arab's, the Serbs and the Slav's, The
Hutu's and the whoever they are I can't think of at the moment, the Irish
Protestants and Catholics, etc., etc., ad nausium...
 When it had it was
force is one form of coercion, faith can be another.
A free-market is defined as consisting of the supplier and the consumer
without a regulatory body. It doesn't prohibit a third group *wanting* to
regulate that market. Or of either the producer or consumer using violence
to prevent it.
What's the specific difference? What is the fundamental litmus test between
a Laisez Faire and a Anarcho? In one case there is no recognized arch to be
had to regulate the market and in the other the third party simply opts out
of participating. In what way are the resulting markets different from
either the producers or consumers view?
Explain further what you mean by abolition of force is a prerequisite
And what specificaly do you mean by proper role of government?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 20:49:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Fwd: Fw: Court Strikes Down Federal Mandates Again] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 21:49:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: INFO-RUSS: "Post-Soviet Science and Technology" class (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <9810012329.AA25272 at smarty.ece.jhu.edu>
Errors-To: INFO-RUSS-request at smarty.ece.jhu.edu
Sender: INFO-RUSS-request at smarty.ece.jhu.edu

@_date: 1998-10-02 07:46:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The largest environment impact issue with a nuclear plant is hot water
discharge (which is much larger than the exhaust from a coal plant) and
spent fuel storage because of the amount of time that is required to
guarantee seals.
In the first place the heated water effects the ecology of the local area
and you see the ripples of this in the ecology changes for hundreds of
miles. An additional impact is that because of the water needs of plants
they are usualy located in or near wetlands which are critical to the entire
eco-cycle for thousands of miles.
The issue with storage is that it occurs on a time line that is best
described as near-geologic. Periods of time that are orders of magnitude
longer than human civilizations survive.
Consider the difference in volume of these two waste products...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-02 07:47:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: copyright at the point of a gun (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
[irrelevent material deleted]
No, it also protects the little guy who writes a nifty piece of code that
lots of people want to use. If there was no copyright enforcement then the license agreements would be
even more draconian than they are now. Not to mention that technology as a
whole would be spread slower because companies wouldn't share it as easy as
they do now because of the protection of copyright.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-02 19:13:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Number Theory Problem.... 
There is a desert which is 1000 miles across. There is a camel who can carry
1000 bananas maximum. The camel eats 1 banana per mile travelled. The camel
has a total of 3000 bananas to begin with. What is the maximum number of
bananas that the camel can get across to the other side uneaten?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
A: 533

@_date: 1998-10-03 12:22:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 2 books of potential interest... 
I was in Bookstop a while ago and noticed two books that could be of
potential interest.
The first I didn't buy, "We were soldiers once....and young", about the
Ia Drang valley incident in Nov. of 65 (I had stated it was in '64 in the
discussion about "The Best and Brightest"). It is written from notes and
interviews with the survivors apparently. For those who are interested in
the issues that were involved in the Vietnam War it may be of some use.
The Law Enforcement Handbook
D. Rowland, J. Bailey
ISBN 1-56619-471-7
$6.98 (in the cheap books section)
Looks to discuss a majority of police proceedures and details the items of
interest to police officers in performing their duty.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-03 12:56:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Internet Sales Tax Killed [CNN] 
Note that I've added a few comments/notes between the supplied quoted
sections. As always I've deleted for brevity.
Forwarded message:
Section 8.  The Congress shall have Power      To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; (Note that it doesn't say "Congress shall make no law..." but rather is an
absolute prohibition of taxes/duties on exports of states. It therefore
falls under the "prohibited" clause of the 10th.)
As unconstitutional.
[remainder deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-03 19:02:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [SoftSpeech] Interplay between Crypto Export Regs and Copyright (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If this approach is so air-tight why is PRZ still walking around a free man?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 08:23:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
There are some additional issues involved other than start-up cost. Such
things as market saturation and information hording.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 08:27:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy you are ascribing an effect as the cause. The information is there
because the holders believe it's in their best interest to dissiminate it.
As companies (the US Army' current behaviour is a good example) become to
respect the distribution capability of the internet you'll see a reduction
of information available.
Malarky. Reputation is irrelevant, just examine the prisoners delima.
Those who put reputation over action are setting themselves up for a classic
abuse of trust.
You've got to be married or have lots of free time...;)
More often that not regulation is the result of abuse of the market by a
manufacturer and is imposed ex post facto. It's intent is to eliminate
future abuses.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 08:31:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That is truly Bullshit.
Microsoft got to where it is because of a lack of regulation, the abuses of
the aircraft industry  in the 1940-50's that led to regulation at the end of
the 50's and 60's. The steel industry in the north east in the early 1900's.
The food packing and garment industries of the north east and pacific coast
in the 20's through the 50's. The railroad industry in the mid-1800's.
Every one of these created a monopolistic market because of a *lack* of
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 08:57:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Explain further, from your description of the differences there are no
fundamental mentionings or views of intellectual property. As a matter of
fact the specific role of the individual is never even mentioned in either
It's almost like there is something poping out of thin air...
So people don't have a right to self-defence? I agree consensual crimes are
not crimes.
Is it? Or is it simply another sort of coercion to cooperate with the
collective? Is it not actualy the embodyment of ideals, an attempt at utopia
if you will?
I'm interesting to see how you reconcile the belief nobody has a right to
use force yet has a right to defend their life.
By facluty I assume you mean our emotional and psychological makeup coupled
with our sensory record of them.
I'd say that such issues are not a facet of individualism but rather a
characteristic of life itself.
As to property, it is a consequence of our biology, if that is a consequence
of our faculties, and not visa versa, I'd doubt.
No it doesn't. You must first prove that a group of individuals have some
right that as individuals they don't have. For one thing, even in your
definition, rights are a fundamental aspect of birth as an individual.
Something I've yet to see.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 09:01:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Coke is a free-market? That's a laugh. I suggest you study the history of
the Crips and related gangs, or the international Coke distributors. At no
time was there more than a dozen or so groups and they worked cooperatively
in many cases. As to the 'various mafias', in case you hadn't heard, they've
been organized and integrated for about 30-40 years depending on who you ask.
They cooperatively divide up territories and product lines between them to
guarantee a minimum of violence and maximize profit for each member. However,
I would lay dollars to donuts that if you were to go start your own family
there would be very little consideration as to the consequences.
Make no bones about it, if we're talking national or international crime it
is most definitely organized and cooperatively arranged between a small set
of players. That's a monopoly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 09:05:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Your local church is a member of a larger international collective that does
in fact use coercion in one form or another.
Consider the consequences of abortion for a Catholic (true believer). Tell
that to the various hospices and clinics that have been blown to kingdom
Coercion is a much broader stroke than a simple assault. It can include real
and imagined consequences to alter or limit the behaviour of others.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 09:15:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Clear and present danger: FIGHT AGAINST NATIONAL ID CARD (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Really? Please expound...
We, the People of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
It in fact supports NO such interpretation unless you take it out of context
and alone. Much like trying to determine the ecology of a valley by
examinging a single fish...
In fact what it does say is that the Constitution was implimented by the
people and not by a government *granting* rights and privileges. It futher
states that it does not limit the rights or privileges of the people (note
it doesn't mention federal or state govts.) futher backing up that we the
people are implimenting this and not the other way around. Finaly it
specificaly states that the order of resolution for any issue is to see if
it's specificaly given to the federal govt., if not (and it's not
prohibited), then to the states (to resolve via their own representative
systems), and finaly if not covered by those two documents (the US
Constitution and the individual state constitution) then it is retained by
the people.
So we find that in fact we the people *are* the initial and final authority.
The bottem line is that *the government of the United States* consists of
three parties, the federal system, the state, and the people. That is the
government of this country and not some figmented heirarchy that has zero
basis for support.
The reason the federal is broken into 3 seperate sections is so that  there
is a measure of conflict and confrontation involved. *THE* basis for a
working democracy is the limited use of cooperation.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:06:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Prove it. List he specific rules, regulations, etc. that you believe every
small business is breaking....
Put up or shut up.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:08:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's the best you can come up with?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:09:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Really? I dare you to wear the colors of a Crip and then sell in the Bloods
Somebody should tell them this then since they certainly don't operate that
way in the real world.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:23:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Malarky, MS makes the vast majority of their money off end-user and single
machine licenses. Look at their quarterly or yearly earning statements.
It is certainly growing but the fact is that by a factor of orders of
magnitude commercial Unix'es own that market. When it comes to mission
critical servers Solaris, HP, & AIX own the market still.
Not from a lack of trying on their part and the fact that federal regulators
stepped in before it became totaly regulated.
Certainly they were. Each and every example listed (and many more) were
industries which were controlled by a small number of companies whose share
in the total market was squeezing out competition. The results would have
been a growing number of buyouts and thinning of competition to the point
that only one or two companies would have survived.
 except for the railroad industry where government
In the aircraft industry for example, while the number of riders was growing
very quickly there was a concommitent increase in end-user ticket prices
that was way out of line with the increased cost of business operations as
well as a decrease in the overall safety of the industry which was
exemplified by a increase in the number of air crashes and aircraft who
couldn't pass maintenance inspections yet continued to fly.
All working for about 5 or 6 companies who actlualy marketed and distributed
the items. Just get a Dallas Texas phone book for that period (it's a
distribution hub for the clothing/garment industry even today).
Yep, in the mid-50's there were like 5 national/international aircraft
operators and the number of commercial avaition manufacturers selling to the
national and international carrier market was like 3. There were smaller
companies like Ryan for example but they were owned by the larger companies
and eventualy merged into the regular operations.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:24:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
They own 90% of the desktops in this country, that's a monopoly or a company
a hair-breadth's away.
Not true until after the 1890's. Prior to that the railroads in the US were
owned by a total of like 5 people.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:29:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which is exactly my point, default on a single one of those and watch what
Only to you. What is important is the *fact* that you continue paying the
bills. Default and all the *desire* in the world won't bring back those
That's so funny. Please produce the amount Informix lost by employee theft
last year for example. If it's zero then you may have a point. I'll bet you
it wasn't and isn't.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:48:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy it is. But I'd certaily entertain any evidence you may want to
present to your case...other than just saying it over and over.
Only after the early 1890's when the situation got so bad they had to do
something. Prior to that there was no federal intervention in railroad
operations per se (I say that because the US government used the railroads
at a very hefty discount).
You assume wrong. I am talking of the entire oil industry as a whole.
The issue in the oil industry isn't the refineries or pipelines or any of
that other stuff. It's mineral rights. And every drop of mineral rights in
this country is owned by oil companies or the US government as a result of
the conflicts that took place from the late 1800's to the early 1900's.
Actualy the local and state regulators did that back in the late 50's and
early 60's the federals had no hand in it. The same happend prior to the TVA
projects of the late 20's and 30's with the electric production industry.
Because then he would be doing what you like to do, change the subject and
claim it's the same thing.
You know nothing of how large businesses work over small ones then.
Bullshit math. The interactions are nowhere near as simple as you state.
The big company has the resources to outlast the smaller company in any
industry that can monopolize (an issue you seem to miss, not all industries
can monopolize) and if its' smart will buy the smaller company at some
point (unless prevented) as the smaller companies becomes resource starved.
Examples please where a small firm dukes it out (sic) on equal terms with a
larger one...
 > Garbage (what we call rubbish over here) collection  is
In just about everyplace in the US the company doing the trash collection
and dumping is private, especialy in the bigger cities. They may be working
under contract for the city but the company is privately held. My suspicion
is that most places on the planet, excluding control markets like Cuba, use
private companies under contract for this.
What country produces shoes as a function of government agency and prevents
private shoe production?
I must admit I nearly hurt myself laughing at this one.
Then how does it operate? Who owns the switches and wires? Either it's a
public utility or it's some sort of private enterprise (though it may be
under contract to the government).
A 'natural' monoploy, to my mind, is a company that operates in an industry
that can be saturated. By saturation I mean that the demand of the market
can be met by a small number (approaching 1 if left unregulated over time,
usualy by by-outs or business experation) of manufacturers.
The VCR industry is a great example of a 'natural' monopoly. Only a few years
ago *every* VCR mechanism on the planet was made by one of 5 companies and
with the cessation of Curtis-Williams, not one of them was a US company. It
is not possible to buy a VCR designed and made in the US today because of
this market monopolization. It is also impossible to start such a company
because the costs of market entry are too enormous. There is *no* government
regulation of the VCR industry outside of EOE issues to this day.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:57:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Please be so kind as to demonstrate by example why you believe that by
de-regulating the food industry, for example, we would recieve better
quality foodstuffs? Without regulation why would these companies quit mixing
their products and making better systems of quality control so that the
cases of E. Coli for example would decrease? Why is it that the number of
deaths in this country from salmonella and related food diseases have
*decreased* since the industry was regulated in the early 1920's when the
problem (people getting sick or dying from adulterated foodstuffs) was
at its peak?
Just look at the current issues related to non-pasteurized fruit juice
prodcts for a current example of the consequences of free-market economics
lack of regulation and by extension responsibility and the consequences
It's the private companies fearing retribution from the government, not the
end user. Your reasoning is faulty.
In an industry that is completely unregulated by anyone other than the
consumer and the producer the consumer will be taken advantage of. The
reason is that there is no real-world market force that will force
compliance. Now some are going to scream that the consumer will, the problem
is that the consumer is denied the information about/from the producer they
require in order to make the reasoned judgement.
The bottem line as to why free-market economies don't work is that it isn't
in the producers best interest to have a educated consumer. They might buy
somebody elses product or start their own company. Both of those are bad for
Free-market mavens forget that producers are just as greedy and corrupt as
everyone else, there is no fair competition in an unregulated market given
the pshychological make up of human beings.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 20:59:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
With the proviso that the original author looses all access to profits from
that code, effectively doing the R&D for untold numbers of companies without
compensation or even recognition (they can claim it's all theirs at that
point because they don't have to release the source).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 23:43:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
 who regularly suffer
 disreputable marketing
 and are therefore perfect
 happy.
Not so, but I appreciate the sense of irony in your comment.
 regulated economies overseas
 over there envies the
 and come live over here,
 place of the (admittedly
 uncertain and frighteningly
Simply because people see a better place does not imply it is the *best*
Selecting the lesser of two evils does not magicaly make one a goodness.
It's still an evil.
 disfunctional liberty which exists
 Germany, even Canada, where
 for their every need  -
 or who knows better
 exists incontrovertibly in
It would be nice if  you said something other than "I disagree". It would
really be nice if you cold describe specific examples and hypothesis, but
that obviously is asking too much.
Ah well.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-04 23:48:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... 
Milton Friedman won the Nobel price in 1976 in economics. One of the
questions he asked was:
Do corporate executives, provided they stay within the law, have
responsibilities in their business activities other than to make as much
money for their stockholders as possible?
His answer was 'no', they have no responsibility outside of those two
considerations (ie the law, stockholders expectations of profit).
Now in a free-market, by definition, there is no law. What then is the
responsibility of businesses other than the pure unadulterated pursuit of
profit? If this includes lying, denying consumers information, etc. what
harm is done, they have fulfilled their responsibility to their shareholders
(potentialy quite lucratively) and broken no law. Within this environment it
follows that a primary strategy for such executives is the elimination of
*all* competition. And since there is no law other than the measure of profit
all can be justified.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-05 07:08:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ok, who writes the laws? Who enforces the laws? Who decides what is natural?
Remember, we have *NO* participants in a free market other than the producer
and the consumer. Two, and *only* two, parties are involved.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-05 07:10:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
[other stuff deleted]
Ok, so you're talking out of both sides of your mouth then. On one hand you
speak of a free-market (vis-a-vis Laissez Faire) and then in the same
breath, with not even a blink of an eye, you speak of limited government.
You can't have your cake and eat it too. Sorry.
This is gibberish.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-05 07:11:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And how does government intervene and interfere? By making law.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-05 07:25:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Capitalism and Monopolies (was RE: GPL & commercial software, the (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not totaly.
Only *after* it was clear that these companies could not do it themselves
because of a lack of sufficient traffic to support the business.
I must congratulate you. You're the first person in a long while who actualy
took the time to develop an argument based on *fact*. Well done.
Even better, a distinction between 'law' and a 'grant'!....
Actualy no, try buying a piece of land and enforcing the title *without*
registering it at the country seat or its likes.
Absolutely it can because it actualy allows a freer hand in developing
strategies to decrease the market potential of ones competition. There is
*nothing* in free-market definitions or descriptions which will prevent
gross abuse of the consumer by the manufacturer. Remember in a free-market
there is the requirement for 'fair competition' which is contrary to the
very theory of business operation, which is to maximize profit and reduce
Now if we lived on Vulcan and we were all logical Vulcans it might work,
unfortunately we're not and human beings will specificaly go after their
competition, which without some sort of regulation being impossed leads to
obvious results; initialy a very fluid and dynamic market that settles down
with the survival of the fitest getting bigger and bigger. As these
companies get big enough they can no longer react as  quickly as they once
did (intertia of strategy among other things). At some point it becomes
easier to cooperate than to continue to fight. That cooperation leads to a
melding and promotes even more monopolization. Saturation of the consumer market, high start-up costs in either
infrastructure or intellectual resources, and others. I posted a list of
some characteristics to the list a while back. You can look for it. If I get
time I'll post it to the list again.
Are you speaking of capital markets in the sense of fluid and available
funding or of the existance of businesses that produce the capital assetts
needed by other businesses (eg creating rail-cars for rail-roads)?
 a free fluid capital market can and will
You can't pay your employees today with tomorrow profit. This isn't a
Popeye's hamburger vendor...
There is another question I'd like to pose. In a free-market economy there
are only two participants, the consumer and the producer, what if anything
in the definition prevents one or the other from employing an agent in their
stead to 'negotiate' with the other. Does this by definition introduce a
third party or is it a permissible extension of the two-party system?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-05 07:33:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then you should begin to check your daily news, example after example is
presented. (currently illegal) cell phone cloning, excessive rate levels,
sub-standard construction practices, etc.
People by their very nature understand and impliment the prisoners delima
maximum pay-off strategy.
Not only can it happen it deos. Given that such abuse is possible in a
regulated market there is no reason not to deduce it will happen in a free
market economy as well. If it happens the business enjoys an increased profit
if for no other reason than their costs are reduced. Since there is no
regulation or other oversight the consumer will be denied this information
preventing fair competition. Since a companies strategic leaders have no
duty other than maximizing profit they will impliment such strategies. Hence
the free-market reduces to an opportunistic anarchy.
This leads to one and only one conclusion, in a free-market there is no such
thing as 'fair trade' without a third party being involved. This runs
contrary to the definition of a free market on two counts (at least) and
therefore the free market theory (as applied to human business, not Vulcan)
is a circular argument based on faulty principles and a lack of
understanding of human psychology (ie assumptions such as rational
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 07:20:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Who said anything about 'artificial'? You have a sneaky habit of sticking
terms in there where they don't go hoping somebody won't catch it. We're
talking a free-market, there are *only* two participants; provider and
consumer. If I allow 'artificial' in there then there is the explicit
assumption that a third party is now involved. I won't accept a
bastardization of free-market in that manner.
If you want to expand your argument by the injection of these spurious terms
(they aren't relevant to my argument) feel free. Be warned I will continue
to point out the distinction vis-a-vis the impact on conclusions.
I mean *dominate* the market. Quit sticking extra terms in there trying to subtly change the meaning. I promise you I will notice so you can quit
No, that is the definition of monopoly. Now what and how they got and retain
that position may invoke coercion but it *isn't* a requirement for
monoplies by definition. Don't try to confuse method with type.
Demonstrate please. The problem with this view is that it implies that given
sufficient time *any* market strategy will fail. In other words there is no
best or efficient strategy for a given market. In the past when this has
been brought up I've asked for an explanation of how this dynamic works and
specificaly what prevents such best-of-breed examples from existing.
I'm still waiting for such an explanation.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 07:37:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Garment industry..... 
Sorry, I'm going to have to back out for the next few days because of work
load (I've barely had time to read all the traffic), but ...
To answer a qeuestion about the garment industry being monopolistic.
Go back, read the original post on that issue *AGAIN*. Pay particular
attention to the *PERIOD OF TIME I SPECIFICALY MENTIONED*. If you actualy
read it all the way through, and slowly so you can comprehend it, you will
find that your protestations about the industry being monopolistic *today*
are irrelevant. My point was focused on 60-80 years *IN THE PAST*. In
particular the 1920's and 30's. (If you're going to scream "foul", at least
be at the correct yard line on the field)
My mention of the phone book implied you'd have to go to the library and get
a *PERIOD* phonebook (that was my mistake, any true anarcho-capitalist or
free-market maven is not likely to actualy use real-world examples - they're
so messy). And yes, they had phones then, you could even have them in any
color as long as it was black.
Though the point *CAN* be made that even today sweatshops are continouly
being found in places like Los Angeles, Houston, Chicago, etc. Just check
your local newspaper. The reason that these are important is that they are
indicators of a tendency of manufacturers to cut costs/overhead to the bone
when left to their own wiles. This is a *VERY* negative indicator for those
who feel that even an unregulated garment industry can exist in a regulated
market, let alone a free-market.
Again, businesses are run by people with the express intent of making money,
in many cases at whatever cost to their employees and society as a whole.
With this sort of psychological tendency the argument that free-markets will
work is flawed. A commen comment in business classes and boardrooms today is
to 'dominate the market'. That means *eliminate competition*. *THAT* means
create a monopoly if at all possible and the laws to the contrary (which I
hae yet to see anyone bring up a priori in these situations) be damned. Of
course it should be pointed out that it's good legal and business practice
*NOT* to mention these so that it can't be used against one as a
premeditated intent. Something Microsoft seems to have forgotten in their
raft of internal memo's about specificaly kludging DrDos.
Another point I made several weeks to a couple of months ago regarded
companies who *help* their competition in order to limit their ability to
enter into specific markets as competitors seems to have born fruit. Over
the last few weeks several internal documents from Microsoft were released
(check the CNN and other archives) which seem to indicate a clear intent by
Microsoft to *help* Novell and Apple with technology with the express intent
of keeping them out of niche or target markets as competitors. Economic
slight of hand...
Course that isn't going to stop you from wailling for the dead (though could
you keep it down so I can sleep since the temperature around here has
finaly broken and it's not 90F at midnite).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 07:49:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is perfect if you don't mind being a participant...
Could you get a phonebook and make a list of the sweatshops. Enumerate them
and then select 10% (if that isn't too many) and find out how many and to
whom they sew their garments for?
Remember, you can't dominate a market that can't be saturated and you can't
saturate a local market unless you find a mechanism to keep outside
competition from moving in. Currently this is only possible in very strongly
regulated markets in control economies. This implies that, at least today
because of communications and transportation improvement, only markets that
are global (though it might also work on a national level) can be dominated.
That is an interesting aspect I hadn't hit on so far. I'll add it to the mix
and see what brews up...
Though, it does occur to me that the fact that OS/2 has a stronger faction
in Europe than in N. and S. America in relation to Microsoft may be an
indication that continental saturation is possible. Might be explained by
the fact that most businesses are continental and not international in scope
of sales.
I've got to go back to work now...I'll check in as I get the chance...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 08:13:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... 
It occurs to me that there is another potential flaw in current economic
theory and business practice.
Currently (ala Friedmann) the parties that reap the benefit of a succesful
business are the shareholders, this is currently seen to exclude the
employees in many cases/companies.
This approach undervalues the business worth of the employees commitment to
the business.
A more reasonable approach (and one that might make free-markets more
workable, though not by itself) is to consider the employees shareholders
even if they don't hold a single piece of stock. And no, their paychecks are
not sufficient.
Consider, another way to look at a business' goals is "to make every
shareholder a millionare so they don't have to work at anything else". What
business do you know has the specific goal of making their employees (all
the way down to the janitor) sufficiently wealthy from their commitment to
the business so that at some point they don't have to work any more either
(and we are NOT talking about some measly 401k retirement program)?
What would the impact be to the current business models if we include this
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 08:15:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Free Market Monopolization Theory... 
Here is the note that I made regarding the saturation of free market
Note that this is several months old and I haven't been diligent in keeping
it fully up to date...
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 10:20:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This doesn't effect the premise under standard economics that the
responsibility of managers is to the shareholders *exclusively* in regards
profits and business operations.
What I am positing is the potential effects of including employees as part
of that sphere of responsibility *without* explicit stock holding by the
You're trying to turn apples into oranges.
[other stuff deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 10:44:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What makes you thing anarchy eliminates contracts and the concomitent need
for enforcement?
The question is: "Who does the contract enforcement and arbitrage?"
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 12:59:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Obviously this so.
There is MUCH more involved than simply making a profit.
[irrelevant material deleted]
Demonstrate please.
Whoa horsey. I didn't say a damn thing about any third party regulatory
agency getting invovled here. Don't start trying to change the rules in the
middle of the game.
Wrong. Socialism is the belief that property is best managed and owned by
the government. This is within the context of a free market. This means that
the *ONLY* two parties involved are the producers and consumers. I am
discussing an alternative approach to business management.
Fascism is the belief that property should be owned by private individuals
but managed by governments.
Capitalism is the belief that property should be owned and managed by the
individual. Note that this definition doesn't prevent 3rd party regulatory
bodies, but they neither own or manage the activity, only limit its' scope.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-06 14:51:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I 'own' my freedom but I *never* control it. Its expression is a direct
result of *others* respecting that ownership.
Another example is a very old Chinese proverb from The Masao:
You are
What you do
When it counts
The point being, you *never* have anything to say about when it counts.
Not to mention the obvious retort, what do you mean by 'control'...
In your opinion.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-08 10:57:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Exactly my point.
A 1000MW coal plant produces approx 300,000 tons of waste product per year.
A nuclear plan produces .5. This means the concentration of the chemicals in
the coal plant are much lower by many orders of magnitude than the nuclear,
hence making the nuclear waste more toxic by a great deal.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-08 10:59:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's inaccurate. The Mafia pre-dated the US by several hundred years if
not more (depends on how one wants to choose the bloodline). Most
definitely they predated the bans on alcohol.
As to the coke market, In S. America it has been around for quite a while as
well. The chemical has been used medicinaly for hundreds of years until just
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-08 12:37:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I apologize for the length and range of topics, I think I got carried
away and wandered a tad...:)
At the time. Absolutely. What was happening is that the markets were going
through a growth phase. This phase was partialy defined by the conflict by
the many small wanna-be's who got weeded out quickly. As time went on the
'families' developed. Such a period is the early 1900's and also during the
Irish expatriate phase for example. The size of the potential market is seen
as valuable by all. They percieve their resource control and quantity is at
near parity so small differences in strategy can become amplified. Very
shortly (at least mathematicaly) a cylcle of halving participants (knock off
the competition) and doubling of resource control occurs if we assume
parity. Now consider a slight increase in efficiency in one strategy over
another (or it could have a significantly longer life span) and the
geometric growth of resources control that occurs as a result. Historicaly
what one sees is a sudden increase in competition (of one form or another)
and then a falling off of competition and a reduction in participants. As
soon as the remaining participants percieve a market advantage and the
belief in sufficient resource stores the cycle repeats itself all over
again. Note that I don't prohibit 'brittle' markets that because of some
process or mechanism breaks out to 1-of-n survival rates. This can be
modelled quite easily using cellular automatons and playing with the rules
that define the 'neighborhood'. Only in a market that is no where near
saturation, meaning to have all consumers supplied (see your local grocery,
all one or two of them... one of the issue with produce market saturation is
the time-to-delivery for fresh produce. This helps explain why for a given
goegraphic area you see two or perhaps three major grocery chains.), do you
see a situation where businesses grow in parallel in roughly equivalent rates
(otherwise they die out). This is where model of ecology come into play, such
as the red and brown squirrel example I used a while back. You don't even
need overt conflict to saturate the market because of limited resources and
slight variances in survival strategy expressed over many generations.
An additional result of the monopolization in the real world are some
foot-prints behaviours of corruption and abuse. Such things as reduction of
product quality, increase in price to compensate for increase R&D costs
(there are now fewer bright people involved commercialy because business
can't afford to hire critical infrastructure people and they be flighty, at
least not for long), maintenance efficiendy of systems and mechanisms
falls-off, unsafe and life-threatening behaviours such as toxic waste dump,
Now some folks will scream and holler about law and police. But this turns
our model into a(t least) slightly regulated market, an entirely different
beast. Further there is the argument that 'the word' will get around. What
has never been explained is the mechanism this will occur with when the
producers (aka media) are effected negatively by it (how do they stay in
business?...advertisement, who buys advertisement? It ain't your grandma
that's for sure.). Given that there are no police or other enforcement bodies
(perhaps because there is nothing to enforce in a pure free-market economy)
even a rare resort to violence has huge pay-offs. That's just playing right
into human nature.
My argument is thus (and I intentionaly leave the issue of what is money out
for brevity. Consider it some system of value agreed upon at least partialy
by both parties):
A free-market exists. The market consists of two, and only two, types of
parties. The parties are called suppliers and consumers. It is possible for a
supplier to be a consumer at the same time. There are many suppliers and
consumers. The intent of a supplier is to make profit, profit above all else.
This profit is expressed as money paid to the share-holders. A share-holder
is a person or party who puts up money to a supplier to use for operations in
return getting a cut of the resultant profits (or losses). The limitations
and relationships are defined or mediated by contracts. A contract is a list
of issues and resolutions which both part agree to in order to pursue some
goal. It is implicit because of the requirement of 'fair competition' in
free-market economies that the agreement by a party to a contract is without
coercion of one form or another. The parties agree to contracts according to
some percieved strategy. Given the efficiency of a strategy (ie producing
n+i money for n initial investment, and make i some honker of a function
that goes through the roof if you please). Given sufficient time, even if
fair competition is taken as a given, the difference in strategies will
produce a monopolization. Either through elimination or by subsumption, two
or more businesses mergeing operations to reduce cost, increase efficiency
(to the advantage of the business, not necessarily to the consumer), and
reduce staffing and other resource sinks. The monolithic image of the
consumer base by the business only increases potential for price inflation,
quality reduction, etc. - where else you gonna go? Start your own business,
every time you don't get your way, in a new industry? Get real. It is a rare
day in *any* market model when a consumer begins direct competition with a
supplier (except in the very initial phases of technology development - ala
those jaunty young men in their flying machines).
I hold that *any* such market will saturate. In other words the number of
long-term suppliers will reduce such that only a hand-full and in some more
ideal cases a single supplier in a given industry or market. At least some
of the issues in that process will be the total potential sales of the
product, costs of manufacturing, complexity and resource requirements of the
process or mechanism, communcations speed, geography, etc. I do not believe
that given any potential business strategy it is guaranteed to fail. That in
fact some business strategies *properly* applied will in fact sustain
themselves indefinitely. Now considering the Prisoners Delima and the
maximal stratgy (ie play along and cheat occassionaly) are implicit in human
behaviour because of our biological history any system that we develop will
as a result have involvements of those issues. Because of that bias in
behaviour, because there is no third party to arbitrate disputes that would
be acceptable to either party (in principle at least), reduction in the
quality or quantity of product for a given price level, etc. the market will
eventualy provide these long-lived strategies ample opportunity to collect
resources and experience to such a level as to effectively shut out all
potential competition.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-08 20:52:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which is why this discussion is a perfect example of why thematic or
monotonic solutions don't work for 'people' systems. The GPL folks want
credit, reward, and a say in the life cycle of their work. The BSD folks
aren't interested so much in their own credit as an economic incentive to
distribute and develop code. While  the PD group cares not one whit about
credit, economics, or distribution, just so it's available. Then there is
the 'other license' group which without specificying the prefered license is
a smorgasboard of beliefs and tastes piled into one category because of a
lack of other clear characteristics. Clearly implying that even the
GPL-BSD-PD-Other categories are insufficient to reasonably define this
issue. An apparently simple but very complex set of issues and goals.
It simply must be admitted that one license won't fulfill any groups goals
in toto, cypherpunk goals or not.
What I find really interesting about this discussion is the clear examples
of inertia in personal taste regarding licenses, all the arguing in the world
won't change that. The second aspect is that way people talk about
'cypherpunks' as some homogenious entity with definable and fixed goals.
Especialy when it is clear cypherpunks are anything but. It's almost like
some folks believe being a cypherpunk is like joining a lodge.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 00:28:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And you don't get to try such short ones either....
What specificaly is there about the relationship between natural gas and
gasoline that leads you to believe that the comparison of lethality between
the waste products of a coal plant vurses a nuclear plant is such that the
waste of a nuclear plant is more lethal because there is more toxic
byproduct and it is in higher concentrations?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 00:33:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No it doesn't.
Examine history with an unbiased eye.
Incorrect. I have listed several examples (eg meat-processing in the 1920's)
where the resultant involvement of the government came *AFTER* (not before
as you claim) there was evidence of wide spread abuse of the consumer and
the employee of those producters.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 00:36:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Good your falling for it....
Always choose where your battles are fault and deny your opponent that
Now, chase me just a little farther....
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 03:29:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Fwd: Here come the rafting iguanas] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I'll see if the Austin Cypherpunks want to start holding our meetings at the
Green Iquana Grill out on Lake Travis...
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 04:04:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This begs the question, even when presented with evidence that supports such
assertions you dismiss it out of hand.
No point in even responding to your posts on this topic any further.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 04:10:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then freedom is incompatible with human psychology. People are social
animals and will build social institutions (ie government), it's in their
The point is to create a market with 'fair competition', something that
won't occur naturaly because of a variety of reasons. If you'd like to see some of them then refer to:
Inidividualism and Economic Order
FA Hayek
ISBN 0-226-32093-6
Individualism: true and false, Section 7 (pp. 45 in my copy)
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 04:12:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
How much have YOU written (as if anyone really cares)?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 04:22:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Something else about 'freedom'... 
It doesn't mean the creation of a social or economic state (or lack of one)
that promotes the abuse or belittlement of others 'freedoms'.
I'd still like to see an explanation of how anarcho-capitalist or free-market
promoters expect this to be resolved.
My suspicion is that this sort of opportunity is *exactly* what they want.
Then *they* get to be the ones using force for coercive ends.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:26:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It is *exactly* the point I have made from day 1.
If you believe otherwise the mistake is yours.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 08:11:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy, without a copyright or some similar 3rd party regulatory
intervention this is one of the points in a market development when a
monopoly *can't* develop. At this stage of the game the entry cost is
minimal and many potential groups have access to the necessary commodities
(real and intellectual) to get into the business. This also happens to be
when violence has the highest pay-off in staying in the market.
It's the strategy of the business that determines if it can *stay* in the
To put it in terms capable of modelling, consider a petri dish with various
bacteria arranged around it. To start, no colony of any particular type
(comparable to business strategy) controls the entire surface of the ager.
Only after the market matures and competition begins to reduce the number of
colonies and the area of the colonies increases do we begin to see a
monopolization effect. This is modelled quite simply with cellular
At this point in time what happens in a real-world business is that somebody
gets a bright idea. He acts on that idea and starts a business. In order for
that business to grow and prosper at some point employees must be hired.
Those employees learn the business and some point one or more decide that
since there are more people wanting widgets than there are widgets being
made it looks like a good time to quit. That ex-employee starts up a
company. The original employer has no way to prevent this short of overt
violence, no laws or protective agents have been violated because there is
no 3rd party to act as guarantor to the employment contract or the
intellectual property rights. Now we have two companies making widgets.
These products are consumed and resupplied at a profit and both companies
(it is easy to extend this to n-parties so I'll stay with two for brevity)
continue to grow until market saturation. Now some folks will claim the
employer can impliment a limited access policy to the technology and product.
This strategy will not work. As another potential supplier I put out an add
asking for anybody who *used* to work in that industry to come by for a job.
I hire them, drain their brain, and impliment my competitors system. Once the
market saturates there isn't enough 'spare' money floating around to stay in
business, hence new businesses in that field don't start up unless another
fails unexpectedly; if its expected other competitors will begin bidding
economicaly for those potential new customers. The existing employers are
always trying to hire their competitors so there is a constant motivation to
defect from the employees perspective (ala computer industry).
Imagine the impact of these sorts of dynamics on banks and the issuance of
effective currencies and how that impacts travel and at-a-distance business
(such as across the big pond). Even such technologies as e$ won't solve this
problem because for one variety to have a chance at the market it must be
widely respected, implying a very large share of the market approaching
mono-e$ token saturation. So we create a monopoly in our rush to eliminate
monopolies via technology.
Monopolies are a function of doing business and not any political or
mathematics aspect. It's axiomatic in nature. Monopolies themselves,
something we haven't even touched on,  have both positive and negative
characteristics. These characteristics can in fact be described to a very
good degree of precision. Now if there were a mechanism to move a more
rational and experience based set of laws and regulations into business then
we might make some progress toward creating a society (due to moderated
market activity - by a *impartial* 3rd party) where investment in technology
and its application toward automation creates a situation where everyone
invests a sufficient amount of income to retire in a very small number of
Another point to be made is at no time have I required these various
inter-active producers and consumers to be in lock step or have been created
at the same time. Nor do they, in principle or practice, have a requirement
for such things as instant market change propogation and rational
participants, etc. Those issues are irrelevant except early in human
history when these sorts of issues are intitialy introduced into a culture.
If people can't fulfill one desire, they'll fulfill another. The result is
that the same base set of human emotions and desires, expressed through a
cultures bias, that varies widely in content, context, and expression, will
in fact find a way to express the same basic sets. What most economists do
is vastly underestimate the range of that those individual members.
The major short-fall with anarchistic or free-market models is that they
have faulty comprehension of a workable concept of a contract. This contract
represents a major constituent of what holds any society (which I believe
we'll all agree is a requirement for an economy) which is trust in the other
members, that they will do what is expected at the right time. In these
sorts of 2-party systems there can't be an expectable set of reactions. The
contract exists from the time the consumer approaches the producer asking
for a price, till the time the consumer has taken possession of the object
of desire and the producer has their money. At that point, there is no
warranty, no 3rd party to enforce any sort of liability, etc. Because of
this the business world is best described by caviat emptor. You bought what
you got. Now consider the Prisoners Delima, under what conditions does a
prisoner go along with the jailer, or tries to escape (not play by the
rules, whatever they may be - in this case the contract between the
parties). The maximal payback for the prisoner is to go along until the
jailer is lulled into a false sense of security. And then defect. This is
wired into human genes, everybody does it because that is how we survive as
a group in the wild. People as a whole and as individuals don't mind
stretching the rules, it's just a question of what rules and how far.
Not *a competitor*, only that the total number of competitors in a given
market can and do meet the market needs. At this point the growth rates of
the individual business strategies begin to emerge and high efficiency and
long-lived strategies begin to gain the upper-hand. As time goes by
businesses either die and are replaced by consumption or else they merge to
create a new structure. The major featues of that structure are that it has
potential for long-lived behaviour and it reduces the management overhead,
and potentialy the work force requirements (but that's icing on the cake).
At that point there will be a merge because both sets of competitors want to
make more money, that is their sole reason for existance.
Is a totaly false conjecture not born out by history or theory.
And I have yet to see an explanation expressed in market dynamics that
describes how this supposed process works. Phloegestron and ether were great
ideas until somebody tried to measure them...
Whew. I've about had my fill of this topic for the time being....
Adios mi amigos!
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 08:45:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
not necessarily.
not necessarily.
What the La Familia represents in Italian social history is a concentration
of resources within a geographic region. They were the 'law of the land'.
There was no need for violence or any other covert economics. As those
groups got bigger and interacted more with each other conflict arose.
This conflict was the primary spark in the creation of the 3rd party that
hadn't existed prior to this time (note that the market exists before the
'government' per se). The period of time to pay particular attention to in
Italy's particular case is when the city states began to coalesce into what we now term Italy. This
is a good example because the mountains in Northern Italy acted as barrier
to outside influence to a certain degree and the spine of the boot forced
life to focus on the sea coast. This made maritime trade and it's speed
advantage over foot or hoof obvious. It also allowed a larger geographic
area to enjoy a nearly homegenous culture.
What is really interesting is that so many cultures have these sorts of
organizations. Consider the growth of the Tongs in China with the loss of
the concept of tribe within general Chinese culture. Also interesting is
that economists as a general population doesn't study these periods to any
degree worth mentioning. Historians do however.
Not at all, as demonstrated above.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 09:07:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
They are now, but your use of an example after the market was regulated to
argue that the behaviour of the market is due to being regulated is circular.
The garment industy wasn't *always* regulated. Prior to the early 1900's
they operated carte blanche regarding regulation. 16-20 hr days, 6 year old
employees, no insurance, etc., etc. At some point after the turn of the
century the social climate changed in such a way that these sorts of
behaviours became unacceptable. It could have been something as simple as a
series of newspaper articles that set it off. All that was required was that
enough employee/consumers figured the shell game out and screamed bloody
murder about it. You want to know what sets government off? It's the
realization by the constituancy as a whole that their collective suffering
isn't singular.
A more recent example, and local to anyone in the US is the air conditioning
repair industry. At one time prior to the late 70's and early 80's a license
from the state or city to specificaly operate a air conditioning service
industry wasn't needed. You simply got a regular old business license and a
pick-up. The abuses and failures of the industry led to enough noise and
complaints to the government to take a look into the industry. It's what
always happens, an industry goes along until it gets big enough to be
noticed by larger business. What after all is government but a form of
business designed to regulate other businesses and activities...
There was no government. Then there were many governments. Then the
governments have fight and reduce the number of governments. The remaining
governments move into areas that other governments don't or can't claim
effectively. Then each government exploits its resources until it's ready
for another go around.
The issue is human nature and not politics, economics, physical force, etc.
It's about power and not freedom. Power means you survive another day.
Freedom just means you get another shot at it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 09:14:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Something else about 'freedom'... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Absolutely. It's burned into everyones genes so deep we couldn't escape it
if we wanted to because it means escaping from ourselves, our very nature.
What defines what we are collectively.
I certainly hope not.
Perhaps if we discuss Vulcans. People are people and people use violence and
coercion *because* they are social animals.
Further, anarchy per se unfortunately doesn't describe any mechanism that
can demostrate an expectation that violence is not a viable long term
option. It works.
It means an expression of a commen culture through some mechanism. Living
under a 'rule of law' is no less oppressive than any other sort of dictator.
Exactly why an anarchy won't work, it doesn't even attempt to moderate
either behiour and further imposes no necessarily negative result from the
use of violence and coercion. Now if a nice little girl comes up against a
biker and there ain't no cops around, never was, and never will be - who do
you expect to win that argument?
Freedom comes from understanding what one can do standing alone, naked, in
the middle of a wilderness. Everything else is a compromise of that.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 09:31:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which to have *any* impact implicity requires a commen understanding of what
Juliet was saying within the context of human society and *not* personal
ego. From that point it's only a question of what literary technique (eg
irony or allegory) was Perry the person using. That technique will define
the constraints on what Perry can say, not Perry's desire to say anything in
It will always come back to what the base definitions of a word are in a
given language-culture milieu. Yes you can play with it but *only* within
the context of that language. To do otherwise breaks the syntax-symantics
connection and creates another language entirely (or more likely gibberish).
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 10:22:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Here is my position. I am pro nuke. Even given the lethality of the
compound and the costs related to disposal it still represents a better
investment of resources and human lives than natural oil, gas, etc.
Yes coal plants use and put out heated water, and yes it effects the
environment. Yes nuclear plants put out as much water as coal plants. It
still represents the major constituecy efluent from a nuclear plant in
regards environmental hazard. The only real question I had regarding nuclear
plants versus coal was the water retention process and the manner in which
nuclear plants process it (there is a question related to comparing coal to
nukes that takes this into account). I was under the (now apparently mistaken)
impression there was a regulation that seperated the core cooling water from
the energy regeneration system driving the turbines (which drive the
generators). The actual process is to release that water slowly over time
into the normaly non-radioactive effluent. Coal plants on the other hand do
put out over 300,000 tons of solid waster per year for a 1000MW plant. This
posses a much higher health hazard (irrespective of some parts per billion
contaminant that is the most toxic substance known to man) than the .5 tons
of solid waste a nuclear plant puts out.
Yes there are stupid laws regarding private processing of nuclear fuel. No,
I don't support them and *nothing* I ever said can be construed that way.
Um, to be absolutely accurate, I have only 'flamed' a few people on this list
ever. Tim May, Perry Metzger, Micheal Frumkin, Adam, a couple of others I don't
remember at the moment. I did it in only one or two instances (Hi Timmy!)
toward any one person. I think the most offensive statement was calling Perry
Metzger a son-of-a-bitch one time because of a particular self-centered
comment he'd made. That was '93 I think, check the archives.
I don't believe I've ever flamed you. And don't intend to now.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-09 13:25:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy it's how I make my living, supporting those large scale markets (I
won't argue the free part).
Where do I *ever* say we need 'government' monopolies. Not once, not ever.
I have said, and stand by it now, that what is needed is an *impartial* 3rd
party. That does *NOT* equate to 'the government'.
What is important to my thesis is that the regulator is impartial.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-10 02:39:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Something else... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy most animals spend 60% or more asleep, only about 10% looking for
food (there are exceptions here for the smaller herbivores because of
scaling issues related to metabolism). The current estimate is that, for
example humans, in the wild spend only about 8 hours out of 40 is spent
looking for food.
I agree, but I think it's a function of the form of government and not the
institution of government itself. A large part of it, which I've stated many
times, is that the vast majority of systems that people develop assume the
people are plug-n-play. That's a major shortcoming in  my mind. I believe
democracy has a chance to subvert that shortcoming but only if the
participants aren't primarily motivated by compromise, a base human
I'll agree biology has a lot to do with it if it's not recognized for the
shortcoming it is.
The 'rational consumer' axiom in traditional economics is a perfect example
of how this becomes entrenched (even when it isn't accurate). That's sort of
the problem with government in that they want these absolute limits on
behaviour, yet so few behaviours are absolutely good or bad. Law sucks when
it deals with exceptions. Another aspect of failure in our current system is
that the law and its practitioners aren't unbiased, they have a vested in
interest in the outcome, not the principles.
Your preaching to the choir...
One aspect that seems under appreciated is that as the population grows the
number of people who hold a particular view grow. Since their behaviours are
influenced by those views it begins to be expressed as a social movement
(perhaps not in the traditional view ala yippies for example) and even a
political one. The collective results of all these little actions can in
fact behave in a manner that is quite 'conpiracy' like.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-13 07:15:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Two Jims, Werner and Matt redefine socialism for their own en (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The same reason most people can't. Funny thing is, it's the same reason a
lot of bankers can't run banks.
Interesting. I don't see that particular axiom in my notes....what I see is
the assumption that markets and their growth are unlimited. Pesky things
like ecological impacts, social impacts, waste processing, etc. are no big
percentage (as in completely ignored).
An interesting but obtuse means of stating that economics are a result of
human action and not a fundamental force in nature.
Political power is actualy a much broader sword than Marx (and yourself
apparently) would paint. It's invovled in such basic actions as saying thank
you and holding a door open for somebody. The political aspect is a
fundamental belief that what goes around comes around. If I, and enough
other people walk around opening doors for each other, do this then when I
can't open the door somebody likely will. It's a gamble in the basic nature
of humans, to do the same basic things within the same social environment
the same basic way. Things like economies of scale have fundamental bases in
these sorts of psychological insights. Those comparable behaviours very
seldom involve violence as a motive, let alone a method. People, all people,
behave badly when violence is involved.
Usualy violence is involved in creating a behaviour of compliance that runs
contrary to some fundamental behaviour of the individual(s) or on the overt
attempt to steal or kill (murder is incorrect because it implies a social
structure that doesn't actualy exist at this fundamental level).
Monopolies have the power to decide *YOUR* tomorrow. It isn't theirs at the
cost of a simple profit.
And social institutions.
Beeeep. We're so SORRY (not)!!!! That's absolutely the WRONG answer EVER.
That is EXACTLY what I've been trying to say all along! Economics is a
social institution that has fundamental roots in the base behaviours of the
animals involved.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-14 04:01:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What it's like to get a subpoena (re Toto) 
Just thought I'd pass along the latest news in the Toto/Carl Johnson/aka
I was visited by two nicely mannerd IRS agents this morning. We talked for
about an hour or so about Cypherpunks, CJ, Austin, majordomo, etc. In the
process I was served with a subpoena from the Western District of Washington
to appear on Nov. 18, 1998 at 1:15pm in room 311 of the United States
Courthouse (5th & Madison, Seattle, 98104).
I explained how majordomo works, how to manipulate majordomo to get lists of
subscribers (I used the SSZ subscriber list as an example), and described the
time in July (I believe) when CJ/Toto/aka visited the local meeting. We also
discussed the potential for altering email traffic through a remailer.
I've made it clear I have no problems answering their questions but have no
desire to go to Seattle in Nov. or any other time. They are looking into
whether a deposition given here would be sufficient for their needs. Until
then I'm getting ready for a 2-3 day trip to Seattle in Nov.....
I'm currently trying to decide whether to scan and post the subpoena on the
SSZ webpage.
It's interesting that they requested archives of the list. I explained that
I didn't archive the Cypherpunks or any of my other lists and that other
than minimal configuration issues I don't even archive the OS that runs
einstein (as it takes about 2 hours to rebuild from scratch from CD).
Please don't call or send private email requesting further details. They
didn't ask me to keep any of our discussion confidential but until I better
understand what is going on I'm taking the conservative course (I had a big
fight with myself about whether to even post this).
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-14 05:40:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What it's like to get a subpoena (re Toto) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True, there is also the issue of SMTP forgeries. Since there is no host
authentication your security is as strong as your trust. His signing the
message raises some interesting issues, especialy with the subsequent
developments related to signature strength.
The officers I talked to in person admitted to not knowing about Bell or AP.
Their interest seemed to be related solely to issues about threats to
specific individuals or locations within the IRS infrastructure.
My impression was that from their perspective this was just another subpeona
delivery and interview. They each had a list of questions/notes and they
basicly looked to be going down the list and filling in blanks.
I raised the same issue with the agent in Seattle via phone. He seemed to
comprehend the mundane role a mailing list operator leads, especialy since
I don't keep archives nor moderate the traffic. He was at least willing to
discuss depositions and such. If luck is on my side they'll let me explain
how SSZ works in regards the CDR as well as what Toto/CJ/aka said to me
directly via phone and in person.
I made sure to explain how to get Cypherpunks archives via Yahoo with the
two agents this morning. I also explained the very ad hoc nature of
participation in the CDR and why users come and go.
I even got to explain how the remailer works by using an example involving a
spammer. They were quite clear on what a spammer was and how they distribute
I agree in principle. Now whether particular circumstances will allay their
wills to mine is another issue entirely. In particular since I'm going to be
testifying before a grand jury in Washington state versus Texas is something
that tells me I don't know all the ground rules possibly. Especialy since I
can't have a lawyer present during questioning (and I thought the only
stipulation with council was a value exceeding $20), that bothers my
Constitutional constitution more than I care to admit.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-14 07:23:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What it's like to get a subpoena (re Toto) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's what worries me, once the snowball gets rolling... I mean jeesh, I
run a program that handles email. This sort of stuff is exactly why I don't
like interacting with people via private email unless I know them personaly
(ie via non-electronic means). The software is publicly available and
certainly doesn't need me to explain it. While I can see some interest in
wanting to know what CJ/Toto/aka said to me that night on the phone and the
next day at the physical meet, it makes me wonder exactly what am I
*supposed* to know about...
Ahmen. Though a more insidous threat is the 'network' that gets built out of
it. I wonder if this means every time some bozo I happen to run across goes
postal I'm going to be 'investigated'? I wonder how long a name stays on
those (probably) non-existant lists?
That was the ultimate reason that I went ahead and posted it. That way
somebody *besides* me knew about it.
Which is the reason I'm talking to a lawyer to find out specificaly what is
going on. I mean in my own self interest and the continued existance of
TAG:SSZ it seems to be the thing to do. As far as I know I won't have access
to council once I'm in there.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-14 11:10:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: INFO-RUSS: moving to Chicago... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <9810140035.AA02214 at smarty.ece.jhu.edu>
Errors-To: INFO-RUSS-request at smarty.ece.jhu.edu
Sender: INFO-RUSS-request at smarty.ece.jhu.edu

@_date: 1998-10-14 23:50:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 18th Century Hacking [scienceagogo] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-15 05:37:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DNA (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy identical twins will only share about 50% of their DNA. They get 50%
from each parent randomly. This means that only about 25% of the DNA will
match their sibling from either parent.
This of course ignores transcription errors, environment issues, etc. It is
possible that even a clone would have protein discrepencies which trace back
to DNA strands that end up different than the original source organism. As
the organism develops and ages these issues can become quite important. This
aspect of DNA matching has gotten the short shift for sure.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-15 07:58:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I saw the craziest thing last night... 
I wanted to share with you an experience perhaps worth contemplating...
Around 8pm or so last nite I got hungry and the dogs looked at me with those
big brown "Help me" eyes and off we trundle to the golden arches. I drive
over the 5-6 blocks to N. Lamar and head north. It's about 2 miles or so
max. As I get to Mickey Dee's I realize that there is a street bum in the
road. There is S. bound traffic and he's about halfway across when I notice
the cars are getting pretty close. Well about this time a vehicle with no
lights (yet it's after dark) but yellow running lights (I believe that's
illegal in this state) begins to continously sound its horn as it approaches
the crosser. No apparent attempt to slow down or change lanes was made. The
car ended up missing the guy by less than 3 ft.
What was really a riot was it was an Austin Police car.
Unfortunately I don't read well backward at night so I didn't get a vehicle
id or a license so this qualifies as nothing more than another net rumor.
It's pretty damn bad when the police resort to assault with a motor vehicle
to control street people.
Can the recent Supreme Court ruling allowing police to kill you in a
high-speed chase as an innocent bystander to protect you from the perp with
complete immunity be extended to pursuit of an unrepentant donut?
When I was a kid it used to say "To Protect and Serve", not "To Protect or
Kill". Isn't the point of a public servant to *serve* the people in a
decent, respectful manner? If taken as a given then it's clear that public
safety *always* takes precedence over 'catch the crook'. It's better to let
the perp run through a neighborhood he's already going to go through and
spend resources getting people into their homes and out of the way than it
is to prove what a dairing-do bunch of local boys can do catching outlaws,
but killing some of the local folks in the process. I appreciate the
potential for hostages (even entire neighborhoods) but please explain how
this ruling changes those instances in any way?
Perhaps we need an amendment that provides a proviso on the rulings of the
Supreme Court. Instead of these sorts of dicta having the weight of law,
which it shouldn't have since it's not legislative, they should be required
to be handed over to Congress for resolution via the normal law making
process. This would limit the Supreme Court to interpretations of existing
law (per the 9th & 10th Amendment).
We definitely need an end to the post-Vietnam, post-Cold War testosterone
rush we're living in now. Like it or not, the more initialy confrontational
the government gets the more violence it will beget. And trying to justify
those strategies by claiming a responce to a rise in violence only begs the
question. Perhaps this realization is at least one reason that the equality
of the federal level, state level, and individual civil rights has become so
critical and so ignored.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-15 08:08:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Limited Impeachment Probes... 
sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation.  When the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: and no Person shall be convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present. removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to Law.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
This would seem to indicate that the only issue a federal prosecutor needs
to be interested in is proving *some* illegal act took place. Not what that
act may have actualy been, though describing it may be required.
Once that is resolved the other legal aspects fall to the attorney general
or district attorney in the appropriate region.
With that in mind, its pretty interesting at all the money and effort that's
been spent on nothing that is materialy relevant to the issue at hand.
Though it is interesting that the issue of profit (running a business?)
comes up in the consequences.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-15 09:46:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DNA (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
In my earlier post I got the naming on the type of twin incorrect, it
shouldn't have been identical. I was trying to explain that aspect in the
second paragraph. My mistake.
I assume the mitochondrial differences are due to nucleus swapping,
different line of extra-nuclear heritage?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-16 07:55:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: mail2fax remailer capability? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It wouldn't surprise me any to find that Kinko's and other such chain print
shops couldn't do that sort of thing. Now if they'd do it over the web....
Open a laundromat, at least one person here in Austin has begun providing
smart-card/no cash services.
An anonymous remailer which drove a multi-format/media database would be
pretty nifty. Might find more than a few niche markets to dabble in as well.
In a sense you'd have your own little one machine data-haven.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-17 07:14:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Is it Keynes or Is it .... ? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No global economy is a good economy, by its very definition it is a monopoly
and contrary to the entire precip of free-market pundits.
A free-market is exclusively a *local* market.
No it didn't, it's the basic economic structure that everything else gets
built on. You start out with a completely free-market and build from there.
Free markets are for cavepeople.
No, human psychology is what kills it.
Duh. Economics has nothing to do with civil liberties or crimes.
One of the failures in current political and economic thought is the
necessity for the *government* to regulate the money. It isn't a new belief
either since it is embodies in our Constitution.
What is required for a free-market is a mechanism for 'fair competition'.
The problem is there is no way under a free-market to define fair or
This is circular reasoning. A free-market is not compatible to democracy (of
course not since a free-market requires two party economic contracts
exculsively) but is compatible with a market that is solely stabalized by
economic (in)security (which is a free-market economy after all).
Governments *are* a form of orthodoxy, they don't hold onto it since they
embody the concepts of orthodoxy.
Nobody with half-a-clue believe this.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-17 08:27:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CL: The Economist on Giddens, Hayek & the LSE (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Or (the only good thing Reagen ever said),
Trust, but verify.
Is anyone going or know if the various discussions will be made available?
This is the definition of 'civilization', an effect that is clearly
observable by studying history. The relationship between citizen and state
depends on (among other things) speed of communication (or transport), and
resource control.
As the speed of transport increases nations have a tendency to homogenize or
share cultural traits (not to mention genes). As time goes by the nations
change size and number in relation to resource control, normaly you get a
few large countries and lots of smaller ones. As time goes by you'll see
more and more of the smaller nations forming combines, hegemonies, balkans,
etc. This tendency drives the globalization of human culture. It is a basic
aspect of human greed to want the whole shebang. That is a result of humans
being social in nature, and having a fundamental neurosis about self. What
finaly determines if one or more nations will exist is the general growth
rates of each fundamentaly (and this is a bitch to describe to any
precision) different national/social/psychological type. As long as none of
them have a growth rate that is hyperbolic in nature (ie infinite magnitude
in finite time) then a multiplicity of such 'nations' will continue to
exist. A fundamental question should be what and how to measure the growth
rates of nations within this context?
There also needs to be a fundamental distinction between government and
business, as is made with religions. Businesses need to be regulated but it
should be by a indipendant political system from that defining civil issues
regarding individuals. There should also be a distinct funding system which
is also indipendant, but responsible for providing all funding for the other
political agents. It would be regulated by some sort of representative
system whereby people could elect various officials to select the process
through a representative system. In short, every political entity in a
government should consist of publicly elected officials with appropriate
support staff. There should be strictly enforced and relatively short-lived
term limits. A distinction in allowable forces for a government to use
between exterior (army) threats and internal civil disturbance (militia),
and nary the two should meet or ever be involved in day to day law
enforcement. In regards the civil branch of the above (ie executive,
legislative, judiciary) the executive branch should also be some sort of
elected panel, the concept of an individual representative needs to die a
deserved death. Personaly I like the idea of a panel of single
representatives from each state.
It's about time. I believe that a study of polyocracies would provide a much
better model for a democratic system.
I've come to the conclusion that the best way to deal with human culture is
to base everything on the fundamental issue of individual distinction, this
is what it means for all people to be created equal.
That's because nature is by its very nature apolitical. Politics will
regulate human society, it won't control it.
No, they can only be done by a monopoly. If they don't then the sorts of
social institutions we normaly talk about can't exist.
Which sortta balances out thankfuly...
Does he extrapolate this to some sort of all-encompassing social authorization
for government intervention as is currently trying to be implimented?
 that society should be "inclusive"
Which means what? We let people in but we don't treat them like they live
 that constitutions should aim for openness
What the hell does that mean?
Only if nations aren't responsible for their own citizens...
I'd like to see the day when one nation sues another in a world court for
harms against their citizens...if the proposed system will require this as
easily as a single nation dropping on a single individual then it won't
Don't fall for the 'bigger is better' school of economics. Individualy
stable markets should be highly regional, probably not national and most
definitely not global. Stability comes from a voluntary long-term
relationship between participants.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-17 09:55:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cyptography in the Information Age (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The paper itself isn't subject to export restrictions at this point in time
as I understand it. Now if you included a barcode, floppy, or some other
machine readable/executable then that media would be under restrictions.
Now you get to learn how to translate...
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-17 09:55:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "Annihilating less-than-useful contributors" (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Assuming, without statement of course, that we know what information is
important *before* we know it exists and we need it...the same old failure
of all utopianist...they assume one size fits all.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-18 02:26:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Jon Postel (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Pray tell how?...
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-19 03:53:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR Node Test (no reply) 
Test (no reply)
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-19 09:10:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's up with algebra.com? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If anybody figures out a way to achieve such security I'd like to know.
As far as I know the only way to keep a box up is to be sure that there are
'works in progress' from users who are not directly involved in the
operation of the system. They are eligible for $1000/day each day they are
deprived of access without a warrant. If they are completely uninvolved it
*might* make a magistrate hesitate about generating a warrant.
As to my subpoena, it looks like I *may* have to do nothing more than sign an
affadavit saying that I didn't participate or discuss the above mentioned
issues with CJ when he was in Austin. I should know more later in the week.
I did find out that the reason they picked me was that when CJ was arrested
he happened to be carrying a copy of the post I did several months ago in
responce to a question regarding destroying floppy drives and computers
using a floppy disk. Apparently they thought I might be some sort of
mad-bomb designer or something. I have to assume that since I wasn't
arrested at the first interview they figured I was reasonably harmless
concerning assaults of the person or helping CJ in a material way.
As to there being wiretaps and permanent LEA monitors on the list, you betcha.
They can take SSZ down or run it themselves (hope they got somebody that
knows Linux 1.1.59 cause otherwise they won't be running it for long) but I
won't participate in entrapment. And I suspect, though I don't know, that my
arrest and lack of interaction with other users would set off flairs pretty
quickly in that case. How long it might take to percolate back to Cypherpunks
I don't have a clue.
One major aspect of all this that I have found particularly unsettling is
that I really don't have family or anybody for support. I think about the
only thing worse than imagining oneself sitting in a jail with no hope of
visitors, letters, etc. is a funeral with nobody there but the preacher.
On a related issue, I have found it somewhat amusing that all the Austin
Cpunks have scattered like a covey of quail. Only one of them even offered
to help (Muchas gracias for the lawyer referals!). I had one person call and
make sure that I knew they weren't at the meeting CJ attended. I'm seriously
considering dropping sponsorship of the local group (and I sure as hell won't
stop to help fix a flat now).
That means there are over 900,000 state, country, and municipal prisoners
since there are over 1M in jail today. For a democracy that's incredibly damning. Legalize consenual crimes!
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
ps not crypto related but if you're a science book hound, check out:
Elementary Mechanics of Fluids
H. Rouse
ISBN 0-486-63699-2 (Dover)
Physics by example: 200 problems and solutions
WG Rees
ISBN 0-521-44975-8
$? (I bought my copy used)

@_date: 1998-10-19 09:12:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's up with algebra.com? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Hmm. Interesting. The errors I was recieving were from algebra.com and it
complained of unknown user cypherpunks.
You're welcome to mine...:)
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-20 11:03:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: My citizenship renunciation made difficult (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-20 13:07:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
I've a point unrelated to this topic. I recieved two copies of your email.
One was 101 lines and the other was 108 lines, the difference being 7 blank
lines. Pretty curious, no?
Forwarded message:
Well suppliers are a business unto themselves so I'm not sure I can extend
my point that far. I certainly wouldn't include customers as this confuses
the entire issue of the point of business (ie making a profit). If we extend
the issue to include customers then we're looking at reducing our profit
margin to zero as we discount our services to the customer over time. There
is also the aspect that with this model we end up selling our service to
ourselves, an inherently loosing proposition since there is no profit to be
made at all in that case.
I didn't mean to imply any sort of mistreatment, though I did raise that
spectre in related postings. Sorry for the confusion. The point I was trying
to make was that business has a third, and untried near as I can tell,
strategy in approaching their business process. Include the employees in the
plan with the specific goal of making them rich enough and invested enough
so they don't have to work and do it in a short time span - say 10 years.
I've read a few pieces (I must admit to viewing them as pie-in-the-sky) which
predict that what will happen with technology is that people will begin to
invest in automated processes and over time as these become ubiquitous people
don't work, they live off their profit from the investment in these automated
factories. One aspect, which I alluded to above, is that at some point the
investors are also their own customers so that the profit they make to buy
the materials is in a closed loop. This seems to me to invite a level of
inflation (in order to preserve at least the ghost of a profit) that would
explode pretty quickly.
True enough, though the machines don't retire (they do wear out). If we look
at it from a strictly cost analysis perspective I'd agree with you (as I
understand your point) fully. The question I have is what if we abandon the
Friedman view and take on a more humanistic view. In short, business
represent a participant in a social process. As a result they have more
duties than just making profit for their shareholders (or stakeholders).
[text deleted]
I agree in part, I believe that the reason we're seeing the failure of the
traditional economic systems is that in large scales with extremely fluid
capital (intellectual, physical, monetary, etc.) it becomes very difficult
to keep long term participants when there are so many more lucrative
short-term potentials. I personaly feel the collapse of the CCCP in the early
90's is a good indication of this 'delayed responce' syndrome. I also believe
the current problem with funding the government is another example where the
gains are such that the traditional political and social views don't apply
well enough so that the errors cancel each other out. Instead they pile on
top of each other over time. My guess is that the current political system
will collapse of its own ineptitude and lethargy as well as a wedding to
outmoded ideas sometime in the next 20 years or so. What comes after, I
believe at this point, will be a polycratic technocracy based on distributed
democratic ideals.
Oops, what's a 'ponzi scheme'? I can't find it in any of my texts....
I understand the conept of 'organic whole'. I have to disagree at extending
it to include the customers and suppliers for the reasons listed above. In a
very real sense the term you use is more apt than anything I've come up
with so far as a label.
I agree, the interesting question - I hope without stretching the comparison
too far - is what happens when the farmer figures out how to make the milk
using a bacteria (for example) via genetic manipulation? (this is meant as
an example of technical invasion of a traditional market) Does the farmer
continue to feed the cow on principle (it being a fellow living creature and
mankind having destroyed its natural habitats and hence we can't turn it
loose) or simply kill the beast and sell the remains to the golden arches?
That is most definitely a major aspect of the problem. People get so dazzled
by the visions of fruit plums dancing before their eyes they don't notice
the snow has melted.
I'm afraid I don't quite catch your point here. Could you reword it?
Exactly why I don't want to see an integrated world economy. It's doomed to
fail from the get go.
I'll look into these as I'm not familiar with the particular. Thanks for the
Agreed. What I find really funny (in a macabre sort of sense I admit) is
that the folks who are hording gold and other supposed universal valuables
are in for a big surprise at what comes out of the other end. This is going
to be a economic/political Industrial Revolution the likes of which haven't
been seen since mankind invented the little clay balls for sealing contracts
for selling sheep and such.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-20 13:13:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cell phone cloning and economics... 
Another point in regards the market behaviour regarding cell phones....
In a free-market there is no reason to believe that phone cloning would be
reduced as it would still provide a distinct economic advantage over those
who sell 1st line equipment.
The only thing that keeps the 1st line companies in business is the
regulation, without it they can't afford to do the basic research or
infrastrucure construction since they can't sell enough phones in the first
place because the clones have bought up their share. So without some sort of
3rd party regulation there is nothing inherent in a free-market that
protects that initial intellectual and econimic investment so that it can
grow and produce a market and a profit.
Now it is clear that this regulation is *NOT* primarily the government but
rather the social institution or society the governemt or regulatory body
exists within. Remember, the profit goes to the one who occassionaly breaks
the social taboo's.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-20 13:19:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, they are due to a basic human trait - greed. The problem isn't a
economic one it's a people one.
  If you assume the Secret Service
Assuming of course you trust the Secret Service fully and they happen to be
honest to a fault.
But that is the exact point in regards cell cloning for example. The final
cost to the purchaser of the clone is *less* than the normal market price.
In a free-market economy the obviously rational thing to do is clone, the
really bad thing is there is nobody short of Guido and his buds to help
the original maker recover those costs or prevent recurrences.
You've got a circular reasoning here. If we're still talking about a free
market there is no 3rd party to define standards and such to measure
against. There won't even be groups that will be able to review the various
products and compare them in an open market (review the current database
licenses in regards to doing public comparisons).
No, I'm saying there is a considerable sector of the human population that
is dishonest. This won't change based on economic models.
Actualy I don't. My point is that such assumptions about instant
communications (as required by current economic models) is irrelevant. I
covered that aspect at one point. The fact that people communicate won't
change their base bahaviour characteristics one whit, those are a function
of long-term species survival strategies. People are social animals, the
maximum strategy in social animals is the Prisoners Delima, you play along
most of the time and cheat occassionaly. Over time this strategy will
accumulate more resources than either a pure cheating or honest strategy.
It's this transient aspect that is completely ignored by current economic
though, they recognize only the two extremes.
This example really doesn't fit my theory since it isn't possible for a
single (or even two) restaraunts to saturate a market. I suspect that food,
is entirely too tied to the vagaries of transient taste to behave this way.
What is more likely to happen is that as people go back and forth between
the two restaraunts from day to day (assume that one of them is dealing bad
food) both will go down. Remember there isn't a health inspector or somebody
to come and test the food, only the experiential evidence of the eaters. Now
since it takes as much as 24+ hours for symptoms to develop it is entirely
possible for a person to eat at one restaraunt on Monday at luch and get
food poisoning and it not show up until the next afternoon, *after* they've
already eaten at the second restaraunt. At that point the person is sick and
isn't going to want to go back to either.
Better safe than sorry.
Only in certain kinds of markets. I don't believe free markets are one of
I'm not sure how to respond to this. Let me put it to you this way...
How do you propose a free market to operate if there aren't people (and as a
conequence their psychology) involved?
Again, only in certain situations - a free-market is not one of them.
You might want to look at some of the recent studies done (I was looking at
an article the other day at the bookstore but can't remember the article -
sorry) that demonstrate pretty conclusively that mediocre strategies pay off
over time nearly as well as optimal ones do.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-20 13:32:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Human psychology & free-markets: a fundamental question 
Why do people behave more ethicaly (or fairly) in a free-market than in a
regulated market?
It's clear the pay-off for defection is more in a free-market because the
actual opportunities come more often. The market regulation simply makes it
more costly to defect, and hence reducing the final profit motive, because
it takes more resources to bypass the regulation hence increasing the price
of defection and increasing the period between defections because it takes
more time to collect and manage the resources to defect.
I would contend that the economic problems we experience are not because the
market is regulated (or not) but that the regulation is not *impartial* to
the outcome.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-20 20:42:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
All I've been discussing is a handful of thought on free-market economies
and human psychology. Haven't really touched the actual market issues
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-21 08:26:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ - IRS update 
Thought I'd drop a line about what's been going on around here for the last
few days....
The IRS and I have agreed upon an affadavit. I've now sent it off to them
and they will let me know if I still need to go to Seattle in Nov. for the
Grand Jury.
That's about it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-21 09:47:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: desperate.... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Wow, and all I have to do is setup my DirectPC dish and pay about $150/mo.
for 400K (max) down-link bandwidth, though I do need some mechanism to
transmit my data out, a regular modem works with the standard software.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-21 10:25:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ - IRS update (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Once I know that my part in the matter is concluded I'll scan and make
available the subpeona, the affadavit, & the RCMP photo of Toto that I was
asked to identify, but not to share around at this time. That won't occur
until I've either been released from the Grand Jury or appeared before them.
I will continue to make updates as events unfold provided they don't
conflict with any actions (or non-actions) that I've agreed to comply with.
Um, I would have to say that other than the one person who helped me obtain
a lawyer to review my subpeona and affadavit, another person apologized for
their oversight, I've basicaly received zero support. I've decided that
since the group is so apathetic about the entire set of issues relating to
cryptography, civil liberties, & economics I won't be hosting the webpage or
mailing list after Nov. 1, 1998. This bums me out more than I know how to
express, something like 4+ years worth of effort shot to shit. It has such
potential but will remain unfulfilled so long as members find the O'Henry
Pun-Off more important. This in no way will alter my continued support of the
CDR node I host. There has not been a single piece of discussion on the
Austin Cpunks mailing list itself other than my announcement that I was
ceasing support and 1 persons responce that they had no objections.
                                   ^
                                   supposedly
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-21 11:59:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: APM: A Meeting (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Wayne doesn't set policy for SSZ. I must admit I'm at a loss as to why this
particular piece of info is the least bit interesting. While I have no
objections in principle somebody else will have to do the programming and
demonstrate it will work *before* it goes into place on SSZ. Wayne does have
permission to experiment on SSZ machines. The code must be stable *and*
fail-safe. Before it goes in it will be required to demonstrate various
failure modes.
Till you see the bill for supporting all those hip (sic) graphics and have
to spend the time responding to all the bitches about how long it takes for
end-users to get those pages to their machines.
I'd like to offer another operating paradigm for the list, leave all the
marketing bullshit elsewhere.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-21 20:48:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
The ability to store or archive material without worry of it being
distributed without prior permission.
The right to tell somebody you won't answer their question or include them
in the dicussion, to the extend of asking them to go someplace else so they
can't overhear or grab the dialogue.
Ultimately it's a societal behavior that is exemplified by citizens not
obtaining material that is relevant or related to you without involving you
from the beginning.
Law == Politics
Um, actualy Writ of Habeas Corpus is the most important right. Privacy and
everything else are moot if your sitting in a jail cell with no hope of
release or trial.
There isn't any privacy at the workspace. When you hire on to an employer
*AND* agree to work on their premises you voluntarily give this up. It is
the same situation as if you hire a kiddy-watcher and you video-tape the
activity for your protection. If you really want privacy protection in the
workplace then insist that detailed limits are included in any contract
(pretty much unheard of).
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-21 21:40:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Excuse me....
Since when does 'suspected of' equate to 'convicted criminal'?
Also, in order to wath you (sic) they have to watch everyone - in effect
guilty until proven innocent by the computer software.
What sort of civil recovery are provided for the inevitable software errors?
I bet nadda, and that's wrong too.
This is Big Brother Spin Doctor BULLSHIT.
We need a law or court ruling pretty quickly in the US that sets the
standard that a group of people have no more or less rights than an
individual. This will required LEA's to provide probable cause prior to any
actions against groups of people (such as this).
If they can't audio tape me, or seize my papers and correspondences without
a warrant then they bloody well can't video me without a warrant either
,within the context of criminal proceedings.
Does anyone know if *any* PAC/SIG/whatever has this as their main political
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------
On a similar note, here in Austin they are finishing up with putting
hundreds of cameras around town. It isn't long before these sorts of social
theory X'ers get their teeth in the shank of American society.
We've got(!) to put a stop to this sort of stuff. The law should basicaly ok
the use of cameras for vehicular traffic control (this does NOT include
execution of speeding infractions and such), this means no police or other
LEA's may be involved or view the tapes *without* a warrant. The operators
and support personnel should be required to abide by a strict non-disclosure
agreement as well. If they notice a wreck or whatever they should notify the
relevant emergency personel and *IF* the police serve a warrent only then
turn over the tape.
This is a perfect example of why I, personaly, believe that a polycratic
democracy is the only workable kind in the real world.
The 'seperate but equal' doctrine should effect every aspect of a democratic
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-21 21:44:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Women cannot commit rape? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Can a man get a STD from a women? Do men not have the same civil liberties
and concepts of personal privacy that women do? Are we now faced with the
ultimate in sex discrimination - having two sets of laws that are specific
to sex?
Rape is about an invasion of personal physical privacy.
More big brother spin doctor bullshit.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-22 09:08:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Trouble With Harry (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Hold on hear a second, let's get the facts straight.
I am NOT being accussed of anything. I have been asked to act as a witness
for the prosecution (not explicitly the target thereof). Unfortunately for
the prosecutions case, I'm not a witness to anything relevant. If I were
aware of some kook running around building bombs with the intention of using
them on people, their property, or animals I'd be the first to turn their
nutty butts in.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-22 12:23:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Women cannot commit rape? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I don't believe that is accurate. Just about 2 years ago two women were
sentenced to prison because they kidnapped and raped a man.
Perhaps one of the more versed in case law members might remember it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-22 12:55:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: rules of engagement (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It was going along fine until I made the mistake of asking when....
I'd offered a couple of dates, nobody ever commented on them.
I can still cover Austin, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, Fort Worth, El Paso.
A single paper in each city.
I'd say do it like Thanksgiving Day or Christmas. I need 1 months warning.
It might be kind of cool to put regular ads in with various comments like the
1st Amendment, or questions regarding civil liberties, famous quotes, etc.
Just sign it,
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-23 05:39:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Toto update... 
I thought I'd post an update on my situation.
I've been released from the Grand Jury in Nov. at this time. My affadavit
was found to be sufficient. If further action on my part is needed I'll be
As to posting the affadavit and such. I've been asked, and will comply, not
to release the photo of Toto. I do intend to post the subepoena and the
affadavit but only after Nov. and most likely not until after the new year
and I'm sure the issues are reasonably resolved.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-23 11:02:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDA II and Tax Issues (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Hm, wasn't there a ruling in a similar vein respecting tax on illegal drugs
just recently? It was my understanding it was found to be unconstitutional.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-23 11:11:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Gilmore Subpoena (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Mine looks pretty much identical.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-23 21:59:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: dbts: The Economic Cause of Privacy (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That is certainly a valid way of looking at the situation after the laws are
enacted. However, the situation leading up to the laws being created
probably didn't involve (c)overt violent implications. I would posit that we
have no financial privacy is because prior to now (pre-ubiquitous computers)
there was a significant cost in compiling the information because copies had
to be made, people involved, etc. This is all going away.
The base infrastructure changed radicaly and this is bound to effect those
aspects that rely (recognized or not) on specific characteristics (eg cost
to retrieve a single page) will see their 'balance of power' change.
One potential view of this situation is that the tax burden in a
post-computer economy is significantly different than in a pre-computer
economy. In particular examine the primary source of taxes. Individuals look
to become very ephemeral entities in the near term increasing the costs to
the regulators (local, county, state, federal, special) to monitor
compliance. What is needed is a long-lived, well know contact point between
the source of funds wishing to be taxed and the sink of those same funds.
The most obvious is the business or entity sourcing funds. Because of
regulatory issues such organizations need plenty of documentation in order
to do business. Business has as one of its principle goals long-term profit
(excluding short-term business only for convenience and brevity) which
implies long-term existance. In a computer managed economy the primary tax
point should be the retailer or VAR passed along to the consumer via
increased prices (compensated for by increased paychecks). This also has the
potential for eliminating (or at least reducing significantly) the amount of
registration and forms that need to be done. Such issues could be taken care
of at the time of transaction and anonymously. This could also be used to
impliment a flat tax system that automaticaly takes care of those who are poor.
Exempt basic housing, food and clothing items much like now. Since the poorer
members of society don't buy things like CD's and new jackets each year they
aren't burdened by those tax responsibilties.
Hm, I thought that's how this country was formed 200+ years ago...
Actualy people will bring financial privacy via smart algorithms (perhaps).
This will occur when there is either a compeling reason to do it or there is
simply no other way to reach the next platue of technology/civil gestalt.
True, history traces money back to the dawn of human history when the
concept of government is not really applicable (though despot might be). The
groups were simply too small and non-interactive with other groups to really
class them as a full blown economy. As those groups grew and increased their
interactivity the need for regulating the economy became clearer and
clearer. Those who took on the job obviously wanted something for their
labors so taxes were born. As time went on the roll of taxes increased to
include civil support.
Without getting into what natural means (I can't take another theism
discussion right now); there must be something 'natural' or universal about
money since widely seperate and uncommunicative societies have invented the
concept when other as simple technologies didn't translate (compare the Egyptian and Aztec use of the wheel - the Aztecs didn't though they knew of
it by using it on toys).
Not if one of your goals is to decrease cost. This won't suffice for the
sole motivation however. So at least to some degree we agree.
I'll have to disagree. Money exists to ease the transfer of goods across
geographic and social boundaries, it's a level of abstraction above straight
barter. Taxation is a mechanism for those geographic an social boundaries to
continue to exist while hopefuly providing useful services.
These sorts of societal arrangements historicaly don't support the thesis of
anarchism being the root cause of the failure. As a matter of fact,
historicaly there is no example (not even the Icelandic Anarchists traded
with the mainland to a great degree) of a interacting set of societies that
supported an economy involving a anarchy that I am aware of. There are
plenty of examples where (near) anarchist societies have destroyed economies
and socieities.
The primary problem is one of wastage. In a barter economy the amount of
value implicit in every exchange varies greatly. If you trade a chicken for
a duck from one customer and a pig from another, does that mean they should
trade a duck for a pig between themselves? Since the pig farmer doesn't want
a duck since he bought a chicken from me how does the duck vendor entice the
pig owner into buying his duck (especialy when he needs the pig to feed his
family as this is his last duck and pigs are bigger than ducks). Then there
is the issue of geography and how a duck is worth less in the middle of
duck-raising land than in the middle of no-ducks-to-be-seen land.
Money stabalizes the swings in the individual transactions and causes the
economic system as a whole to be more stable and predictable. Perhaps what
we really need to be looking for is a economic model that is dynamic but
predictable to a very great degree. Though I must admit that looks
suspicously like some sort of communism/socialism 'share everything equaly'
style of governments. Though, if you could seperate the monetary aspects of
a government from the legal/social side it could work. Probably at least one
of the seperate-but-equal aspects of a polycratic model;
Religion - Economics - Criminal - Legislative - Executive - Military
(external) - Militia (internal) - Science/Technology - Medicine
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-24 01:53:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
As I remember the case two women kidnapped and sexualy assaulted a
hitchhiker. Their defence was that it wasn't possible to rape man against
his will. The jury found them guilty of the charge.
I don't have a lot of spare time right now (I've had 3 full days off in the
last 6 weeks and have to work Sunday) so I am unable to follow up and
find the specifics.
If nobody happens to remember it we might table it until I can get the time
to find the specifics.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-24 07:43:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mildly opinionated rambling on the computer/boardgame flamewar (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Well *current* games certainly aren't. But that is no indication they must
be that way.
A good example platform that is currently available is Beowulf Linux. If
each player were to ethernet their machines via a hub then they would all in
effect be participating in a game equivalent in human interaction to any
boardgame. This would allow the concept of distributed game servers. If
you're only playing on your machine it's going to be limited. As the number
of machines increases the capability goes up as well. Of course it could be
done over regular machines without the support in the kernel. Set up an api
that provides access to an analog of the 'r' commands in Unix. Then the
necessary graphics and sound engines, graphics libraries, rules engine, ai.
Change the graphics libraries, rules engine, and ai and you have a
completely different game. This would allow two different modes of playfield
geometry. One would be where every player has an identical map. Another
would be where each player has a different map and they are edge-to-edge
according to some algorithm (which wouldn't have to be Cartesian). Have the
basic structure of the game be a 3 dimension, time enabled (it has a game
clock) array. By changing the scale of the display 'unit cube' play at
different levels could be engaged in. When you're networked to other players
your local ai might give you hints or suggestions, or the ai's could take on
the role of moderator. Maket he basic interface webable and you're ready to
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-24 07:54:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mildly opinionated rambling on the computer/boardgame flamewar (fwd) (OOOPS...) 
Sorry for that. My fingers had a mind of their own...;)
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-24 23:42:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.     ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-24 23:44:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: so, what did Toto *do*, exactly to get locked up? (Re: rules of en (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's not exactly correct. The Austin Cypherpunks have always had a problem
with cohesion. There were issues that were leading me toward dropping my
personal support because of lack of committment from other parties in the
Austin Cypherpunks. This certainly hastened the event, it did not cause it.
We were already divided in our goals and interest and unable to agree on
agenda or purpose. We, as a group, couldn't even decide to spend the few
dollars to put the 3-line RSA in the local paper. The last effective action
we took was the speaking engagement at the last RoboFest here in Austin 3
years ago. That sort of "I want to participate, but won't do anything"
attitude raises the hackles on my neck. Life is way too short to be wasting
major effort on a lost cause. There wasn't much to divide and the spoils
going to the conquerer are/were nil.
Yep, with those silly/strange capitalizations and sentence structures of his
which look suspicously like some form of stego. You'd think somebody who
claims to be that educated would have at least learned basic grammer (unless it
was intentional).
Other than dates and signatures it's identical. The focus was on any
archives that I kept of cpunks or personal traffic (part c) that involved
CJ in my interview.
I would also agree that the Cypherpunks have garnered a notoriety with LEA's
such that it could/should be taken as a given that continous surviellance is
occurring. Random dumpster diving in our trash, etc. should not be
This does raise an interesting point about freedom of speech and the duties
of LEA's. In a democratic society what are the ethical implications of LEA's
archiving publicly available documents as a matter of course, not for
inclusion in ongoing investigations but rather as a base for future
investigations. In addition, while the remailer operators do seem to be
protected by ECPA (I was advised that I fell into this category via SSZ)
what about the public archive operators? Are they covered under this
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-25 01:59:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: An amendment proposal... 
ARTICLE
Preamble.   This amendment to the Constitution of the United States is
            intended to address interpretational issues of the same.
            Should it not pass within seven (7) years from consideration
            then it shall be deemed removed.
Section 1.  We the people re-affirm our role as the sole fundamental
            authority in the United States of America. All other political,
            civil, criminal, and legislative authority derives from it.
            Re-affirming the integrity and respect due the 9th and 10th
            Amendments. And further clearly affirm the equality of the
            federal & state governmental bodies with that of the people.
            There is no heirarchy of authority between the three. We
            further clearly stipulate that any right of the people is
            to be fully and honorably respected to the individual.
Section 2.  We the people re-affirm the supreme authority of the
            Constitution over all courts and rulings thereof, including
            the Supreme Court of the United States of America. As directed
            by the 9th Amendment, no case brought before a judicial body
            may be based on whether a citizen has a right not described
            in the Constitution. And further, as required by the 10th
            Amendment, all legislative and regulatory rulings shall be
            delegated by at least one sentence in the Constitution, without
            exception. When making consideration of such Constitutional
            support the Constitution must be considered point by point and
            as a whole.
Section 3.  The exact nature of the 1st. Amendment and Congressional
            authority has been brought into consideration. The 1st Amendment
            coupled with the 9th and 10th Amendments clearly stipulate that
            these issues are resolved at the state or individual level. All
            current and future legislation must respect these, and other,
            prohibitions in the Constitution of the United States of
            America in full and without exception.
Section 4.  The exact nature of the 2nd. Amendment and Congressional authority
            has been brought into consideration. The 2nd Amendment prohibits
            any law, not just Congress as in the 1st, from prohibiting the
            ownership of firearms to the people. This does not mean that
            both private and public agents may not regulate the carrying
            and use of such weapons within their authoritative bounds. It
            is to be further clarified that no national requirement for
            registration or licensing is permitted. States may license
            within the bounds of their individual constitutions.
Section 5.  To clarify the reporting requirements of the national budget it
            is directed that such reports be made in full and in public
            every 20 years from the date of this amendment going into force.
            The original wording is not sufficiently clear to enforce the
            fiscal responsibilities of our elected officials. No federal
            agency or agent thereof is exempt from this reporting
            requirement.
Section 6.  The concept of individual privacy is hereby clearly recognized
            as being held by all peoples. No agency of any civil, legal,
            military, or executive authority may infringe this right without
            just cause. This right shall include all communications,
            writings, storage media, and other technologies used in the
            creation, execution, and storage. No authority within the
            United States of America may prohibit the publishing of any
            document or other media. The rights of ownership and copyright
            shall be respected to the legal holder.
Section 7.  While there is clearly a need for secrecy of governmental
            workings to protect the national interest, there is no need in
            a democracy to have this be carried indefinitely. It is to be
            directed that all materials held in any form or manner by
            the federal government or its agents shall be released in full
            to public scrutiny via the Library of Congress. These documents
            shall be required to be released 20 years after their initial
            creation. In some cases Congress may feel it necessary to extend
            this time limit. In whatever case Congress may not extend that
            lifetime in secrecy past 100 years from intial creation of the
            material.
Section 8.  A clarification of copyright. While it is clear that the
            author of a work should derive a period of just compensation
            from being a sole rights holder that requirement should not
            extend indefinitely. Congress is directed to decide on a just
            suitable time period for sole rights expression. At the end
            of that time all sole rights become public domain. The long term
            public good demands it.
Section 9.  Abortion is a social issue of which we recognize no clear
            solution without repressing some civil liberties. Since we
            are prohibited in principle and print from such actions we
            must decline authority in these issues. Per the 10th Amendment
            we recognize the supremacy of the state constitutions and
            legislative bodies in this matter. However the individual
            states may decide the issue the federal government will provide
            full support and protection to each from violent oppossition
            from within or without the individual states.
Section 10. The federal government is required to guarantee representative
            governments in all states. This does not include requiring any
            particular form or function within those states representative
            governments, only that they be representative. The federal
            government may not withhold federal services or resources of
            which state derived tax dollars are involved even if a state
            is in direct violation of federal laws and regulations.
Section 11. The use of military forces or its resources in and for civilian
            law enforcement operations within the borders of the United
            States of America, and its territories and protectorates is
            prohibited. This prohibition is specificly to include in times
            of war or civil unrest. The only permissible use of such forces
            is in disaster recovery and in those cases they are released to
            state control. The only Constitutionaly authorized force for
            insurrection and civil unrest is the Militia. It is permitted
            to transfer a unit from the regular military to the militia.
            Such a transfer requires all lines of authority and
            responsibility to derive from the militia. Such a move must
            be authorized by Congress except in times of war where such
            authorization is considered implicit.
Section 12. Membership in the military, law enforcement, or other civil
            position is sufficient for the infringment of any civil
            liberties. Democracies don't give up democracy to protect
            democracy.
Section 13. Public law enforcement agents are prohibited from unnecessarily
            putting the people in danger. This shall include actions or
            rulings which put the people in danger. We further stipulate
            that the police are to be held accountable for their actions
            which result in negligent or criminal consequences. The concept
            of civil or legal agents being exempt from consequences because
            of office are repudiated. The people who swear an oath to uphold
            the laws of this land are not exempt in any situation from
            those laws.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-25 02:09:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: An amendment proposal... (fwd) [one typo fixed] 
Forwarded message:
                         ^
                        not
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-25 02:10:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BOUNCE cypherpunks@ssz.com: Admin request (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <199810241800.NAA16897 at einstein.ssz.com>
Received: (from cpunks at localhost) by einstein.ssz.com (8.6.12/8.6.9) id NAA16886 for cypherpunks at ssz.com; Sat, 24 Oct 1998 13:00:41 -0500
Received: from  (cpunks at  [206.15.171.132]) by einstein.ssz.com (8.6.12/8.6.9) with ESMTP id NAA16879 for ; Sat, 24 Oct 1998 13:00:38 -0500
Received: (from cpunks at localhost)
Received: from systemics.ai (mail at systemics.ai [209.88.68.48])
Received: from mises.systemics.ai [209.88.68.61] (mail)
Received: from ryan by mises.systemics.ai with local (Exim 2.02  (Debian))
Mime-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Mutt 0.94.11i
I've created a new mailing list, called "tamper-resist", for technical/etc.
discussions of tamper resistance, both through distributed techniques
and hardware tamper resistance.  It's hosted at venona.com.  To subscribe,
send mail to tamper-resist-request at venona.com.
I encourage people to crosspost, etc.

@_date: 1998-10-26 06:40:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: so, what did Toto *do*, exactly to get locked up? (Re: rules of en (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, you silly boy. Too simple an answer and not really relevant to the
question I asked; I doubt the IRS is greatly interested in Echelon. Besides,
I was pondering *ethical issues* not the reality of the world.
Does it really cover archives? Why are archivers carriers? They are
certainly doing more than simply transfering data from here to there.
They're making sure you can do it whenever. Further, there is a nagging
implication of 'real-time' in that review stipulation.
So to be qualified the content must be publicly accessible? Or is private
access ok as well? Is 'content provider' the same as 'content carrier'?
What a silly interpretation. I am subscribed just like anyone else, of
course I can read the traffic. Near as I can tell I just can't read it
*before* everyone else gets to read it (ie on the outbound leg of its
journey through SSZ).
Want to clarify that comment? (it's a joke)
This aspect clearly isn't going to apply to a publicly accessible mailing
list since it's going to be very near impossible to argue for any right to
privacy since a submitter *wants* others to see their traffic and there is
the implied intent to distribute without restriction (at least on the
This would prevent me or anyone else, at least on the surface of it, from
getting at the content *prior* to the distribution phase.
I suspect they have Toto for something in meatspace and not specificaly for
something on this mailing list. Near as I can figure they're trolling the
list to get ancillary evidence of intent and potentialy evidence of Which means what? At this point the contents of such a site are clearly
intended for review without constraint on the end use, at least I've never
had a public library employee or ftp operator ask me what I'm wanting the
info for. Or is the implication that such a site would be protected from
monitoring prior to the files being placed in the archive?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-26 07:24:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: FCC Proposes Rules for Cellular Wiretaps (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What in the world makes this person believe that a regulatory  agency such
as the FCC is a neutral referee?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 07:12:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: MIB Subponeas (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The IRS offered to pay my travel from the local Austin airport to Seattle
and pay the hotel bill and meals. I was trying to determine how
transportation in Seattle was going to be handled when they said they didn't
need me in person.
I told them I didn't want to go to Seattle, they suggested an affadavit.
Exactly what I did after checking to make sure I didn't. They said 'Ok'.
What lawyer? You don't get a lawyer with Grand Juries.
Not even hardly. A subpoena isn't an accussation, it's an instrument to
obtain potentialy relevant testimony and evidence. It means (at least in
this case) "We believe you may know something or have possession of
information related, but not necessarily directly involved in this matter."
The sub-channel message is "Don't fuck with us, you're only about a hairs
breadth away from hell on earth."
Besides, they wanted me to testify *for* the prosecution, preferebly
willingly. The last thing they were going to do was go heavy handed.
If the operators are that jumpy I suspect they wouldn't put up with the
bills, occassional stupid private emails, the costs in time, etc. I knew
this sort of stuff was a possibility. The only issue that took me by
surprise was two officers showing up at work unannounced. It took me till
the next day to burn off the heeby-jeebies from that.
Of course, a truly motivated and worried, not to mention well heeled,
cypherpunks might consider putting up a node themselves....
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 07:52:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cameras in Public Places (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
[ravage: don't remember who said it... > > ]
Anonymity is not equal to privacy.
It makes no more sense to outlaw cameras in private or public places than it
does to outlaw printing presses in some areas, a very basic way they're
identical from the perspective of the law - it isn't the media that matters
(with little respect to Marshall). What matters is they record some
'instance' and allow it to be distributed widely.
What we do need is a mechanism that prohibits the police or other law
enforcement bodies from access without a properly served warrant. Camera use
in say a mall is permissible because it's the vendors who pay the rent who
are deciding what is and isn't safe - not the customers of those vendors.
It's permissible in traffic control and such because it is cost effective in
those applications. In traffic control, if a motorist stalls or a wreck
occurs the civilian (ie non-LEA) operators can call the necessary resources
into play. Once the cop is on the scene a warrant could be issued if charges
of some sort are filed. Ulitimately, what we need is a law that says:
All law enforcement personnel are prohibited from accessing public or
private documents in the course of their duties without a properly served
and executed warrant.
The two key points are 'public and private' and 'course of their duties'. A
cop should be able to walk into a public library and get a book on some
subject of interest (even law enforcement). But if it's related to the
LEA's cases then a warrant should be required to step foot in the building.
Now if he's a beat cop walking his patrol he obviously can't stop chasing a
perp on the run who traverses the library (though it is highly unlikely they
would stop to read, but imagine a dope deal just as well).
Now, one way to deal with that is to insert some sort of phrase about
'openly accessible' or 'anonymously accessible' (that way the question
becomes does one need an ID, if so then you need a warrant).
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 07:57:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: looking for articles (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not sure it's what you're looking for but:
Statistical Distributions
M. Evans, N. Hastings, B. Peacock
ISBN 0-471-55951-2
It's got around 40 different distributions and their related equations and
characteristics. There is also an appendix that lists the various
distributions and the functions in several computational math programs (go
MapleV !)...
Now if you're looking for various approaches to how to impliment it then I
can't help you there, I cookbook that sort of stuff out of my library.
Have you tried Knuth?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 08:05:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rendering ( was MIB Subponeas ) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which is the whole point of probable cause and civil rights.
It turns out the 'respect' part is the hard one...;)
Actualy, something like Plan 9 would be more effective. That way the thing
is distributed from the get go. With a suitably object oriented approach it
could be feasible to distribute the data to specific servers but encode the
program in the connections between the servers task swappers. By using Plan
9's economic resource bidding model it injects a level of anonymity in the
repetitive execution aspect that wouldn't normaly be there.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 08:37:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
For now. What's the curve on facial recognition for 2x improvement?
It would seem probable to me that there would be a feature to snap closeups
off the cameras and feed them back in real-time. Talk about real-time traffic
I'll have to disagree.
Um, it was always legal and should continue to be so, just as it should be
legal for you or I to stand around that corner and watch for unusual
activity. It's there job. They call it walking the beat.
I don't know about citizen-accessible. I don't want some joe blow walking
down the street to get access to the cameras that track my trek to work each
day. No, it needs to be very limited and require full interaction of the
courts to gain access. Simply putting on a police uniform (or a army
uniform) shouldn't mean you give up your rights as a citizen.
This may be hard to believe, but I'm not the state's nigger and neither is
that police officer or soldier.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 09:37:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: capitalism run amuck by Korton (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
corporate-capitalism? Is that church-religion? Spin doctorism.
The problem is that economics have social effects and by extension it has
responsibilities along with them. We've allowed monetary interests drive our
government instead of issues of true civil liberties.
This should not be implied that this has *ever* been true. The Constitution
starts out talking about creating a 'more perfect' union. It's a goal we
should be striving for.  The founding fathers knew they couldn't fulfill it,
they knew their children wouldn't do it. They did believe that latter
generations could achieve it. We haven't fallen from grace, and the
politicians are probably not any more corrupt, because we never had it. If
democracy fails it's because *WE* failed.
The problem with free-markets is they give up all pretext to being imperfect
and claim to be *the* answer. But at they same time it completely ignores an
entire group of aspects of business operation and asks us to ignore them too.
That pretty much excludes Jews & Arabs, etc....
Who in their right mind compares our economy to a zero sum economy?
It's not the holy grail but there isn't another system with anywhere the
potential for fulfilling human desires with a minimum of abuse and overhead.
Perhaps it would be simpler to simply admit the obvious and clearly state
that we no longer have a democratic system.
Well considering the world didn't pop out of a test tube but evolved over
time this argument holds little weight. The point *is* that democratic
system hold the best model we know of to date. Our particular twisted model
of it fails, that doesn't mean theory failed. It's one of the reasons I
always chuckle at those who say the fall of the CCCP meant the fall of
communism. What a maroon.
Um, actualy that is incorrect. A democracy is a system whereby the rules of
the system are determined by interaction of the population at the individual
level through a vote or other representitive mechanism. A republic is one
(sic) that uses a Senate (an elected body of individuals supposedly held in
high esteme, usualy two or more acting together) as that representative
mechanism. There are actualy many different mechanisms that are usable in a
democratic system.
Another thing is that in a Democracy there isn't a need for a Bill of Rights
since all participants are considered rational. The founding fathers had
useful insite when they appended that document under protest. The problem
with applying any political system is the 'shall not' and similar phrases.
What is the most interesting to me is that there is absolutely no reason to
have a President. There is nothing other than historical status quo that
individuals need to be the leaders of countries. Washington knew this when
he refused to be addressed as "Your Highness". It's a representation of
mass human psychology.
If so then it's only because we can't garner the support to pass an
amendment. If the problem is that serious and wide spread it should be put
to a vote and noted as an amendment. What simply amazes me is why neither
the pro- or con- side of the gun debate ever brings this up. This whole
issue could potentialy be solved by have the competing camps create two
amendments and submit them to the houses in the individual states.
Justification for this is pursuant (untested) in the fact that the people
are given a right to redress of grievances. Since the law prohibits
individuals from suing the government unless some weird permission is
obtained then the next best alternative would be direct submission of
potential amendments directly into the state legislatures. The people have a
right to change the law via constitutional amendment unfettered by federal
intervention or regulation. This would be a simple and expedient process with
email being what it is...
And you want to turn these folks loose in an economy with no regulation (ie
Ok, so next time I have to speak under oath for a traffic ticket it's ok if
I lie too? How about a murder trial? How about *your* murder trial?
Anyone who doesn't understand the implications of a class based legal system
in a democracy is lost in the ozone...
I'm gonna stop now, this is entirely too long an initial troll and I don't
have the time to go through it further.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 09:49:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Right of privacy 
Forwarded message:
True enough. I figured if I kept typing I'd probably get into trouble with
somebody. Besides I just wanted to start a discussion for a couple of days
There are many aspects of the various characteristics and I don't pretend to
be able to imagine them in all their combinatorial splendor.
One thing I know is that the social potential for video cameras in relation
to traffic management are immense. The problem is that their potential for
abuse when coupled with other sorts of technologies is absolutely
frightening. I don't believe that potential is enough to avoid them out of
No, what is needed in public places is anonymity. We want to be treated just
like everyone else. We specificaly don't want any identity.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:11:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: MIB Subpoena 3 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
My subpeona date was the 18th, changed from the 19th. Something changed in
their time table. Possible pressure from some front?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-28 22:09:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
How does one pass laws to regulate something that doesn't exist yet?
Are there any discussions about this dichotomy and how it came to pass?
Something that asks the question of why they chose such widely seperate
approaches? I would personaly guess the British have gotten a little
paranoid they're set for pay-back-time since their empire's been crumbling
for 200 years. I'm much less familiar with Dannish history (post-WWII) and
how they developed this respect for Big Brother and its potential.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-29 02:17:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: MIB Subponeas (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
[various pieces of good advice in dealing with LEA's deleted]
It wasn't so much that they were IRS or whatever, it was they showed up in
the middle of my crit-sit patch regression and completely distracted my
attention from working on the patch for the customer. It was something
*else* to deal with in the priority 1 bin.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-29 08:15:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: An interesting set of observations... [fwd] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-29 08:17:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another interesting observation... 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-29 11:06:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
Each x and y is in and of itself random? If so it doesn't matter how often
you swap the elements.
While there are clearly different levels of pseudo-randomness, true
randomness is or isn't.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-29 21:54:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Shuffling (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Only if it is a 'fair' shuffle. There are poker players I've met who could
put a given card anywhere in the deck after 4-5 shuffles.
Perfect for who? Idealy the 'perfect' shuffle (if I understand your meaning
of perfect) would be for each card in each deck-half to interleave 1-to-1.
This does not produce random anything, it does make it very hard for people
to count cards, which is why you shuffle - not to create a necessarily
random ordering of the cards, just so mis-ordered nobody can remember what
the sequence was and predict reliably what the sequence will be. This is
incredibly important in games like poker or rummie where the cards pile up
and players can see the sequence (and if they can remember it use it).
This is also the reason that all games involving shuffled cards strictly
call for a neutral party to shuffle and deal, falling back to the players
only for 'friendly' games. Really smart 'amateur' players as you call them
also make sure that he who deals is not he who anties first.
I've never quite understood where this 'shuffle equal random' theory so many people have comes from (historicaly). But it is fun to play against
them because they also (usualy) only shuffle the cards once to twice before
a deal.
Even un-even shuffles aren't prevention from short-sequence card counters.
I impliment this when I play poker, it's helpfull to figure out how many
cards to draw because it's possible to estimate the 'distance' between a
short set of cards (eg a royal flush) after the shuffle.
Unfortunately, professional croupie's don't practice for this. They practice
for a perfect inter-leave.
8 time a minute? That's a pretty slow shuffle. Where did you get this number
from? A really quick proffessional shuffle doesn't take 3 seconds.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-29 22:05:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.399 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-30 01:45:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Shuffling (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The only problem I see with this model, re real card decks, is that the
probability for a given card to fall to the top of the shuffled pile isn't
related in any way to the number of cards in either stack in a real-world
It also doesn't address the problem of 'clumping' where a group of cards (ie
royal flush) stay together through the shuffling. This is the reason that
real dealers try for a 1-for-1 shuffle each time.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-30 08:42:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Shuffling (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If by 'perfectly smooth randomization of A[N]' you mean that any two
members of A[N] have equaly likelyhood to be swapped, and hence any pattern
of A[N] members being possible with equal odds then this is incorrect.
For that arrangement to be relevant your (P)RNG function must choose any
element from 0 to N with equal odds, it's probability curve must be a
horizontal line at 1/n for each N. If it ain't you aren't going to randomly
shuffle the elements of A[] since each element doesn't have the same odds of
being selected in this (or every other) turn.
Ah, but there aren't N! rearrangements of A if we are limited to only
swapping two elements. There are at best n^2.
Allow me to explain...
Ok, we shoot off our first random number, 1/n. We then shoot off our second
random number, also 1/n. The combination is 1/n * 1/n or 1/n^2. Now if we
add the stipulation about the i'th and i+1'st numbers not being identical
then the odds are 1/n * 1/n-1 (note that this boundary condition is
artificial and may in fact be problematic, there is no logical reason to
keep i and i+1 from being the same n if we want truly random behaviour).
Huh? What probability are we calculating here, the odds of getting the
particular pattern we have now generated? If so that is either 1/n^2 or
1/n(n-1) depending on the boundary condition.
What arrangement, the one we start with before or after the swap? If we
start with arrangement I and then swap two elements we get I+1. There are
only two ways to get to any particular arrangment. An identical arrangement
where we swap i with itself (ignoring the potential boundary condition)
and the arrangement where the l'th and j'th elements are swapped. As long as
we're only swapping two elements there can only be two possible parent
patterns for any given resultant pattern. Now if we swap more than 2
elements it gets big fast.
I seem to be reading an implication that given a particular pattern, I, there
is some rhyme or reason to the pattern of previous I's that got us here,
there isn't. For any given pattern there is a infinite number of potential
paths that would get to any particular.
Let's say we have:
[ 0  1  2  4  3 ]
and we shuffle and get,
[ 0  4  2  1  3 ]
[ 0  1  2  4  3 ]
Now if the question is how many possible ways could be have gotten to the
original, [ 0  1  2  4  3 ], then there are two ways to calculate that,
given no stipulation on reptitions we get:
given a stipulation for no repetitions we get:
We can generalize this somewhat if we let s represent our current sequence
and our goal is to determine the number of possible previous states the
sequence could have held.
s-1 = n^2
s-1 = n(n-1)
Now if we want to calculate the number of possible parent generations for
s-1 *from the perspective of s0* we get:
s-2 = (s-1)^2 = (n^2)^2
s-2 = (s-1)((s-1)-1) = (n^2)((n^2)-1)
s-3 = (s-2)^2 = ((s-1)^2)^2 = ((n^2)^2)^2
s-3 = (s-2)((s-2)-1) = ( (n^2)((n^2)-1) )( ((n^2)((n^2)-1) )-1) =
(n^4 - n^2)( (n^4 - n^2) - 1)
for the second form only,
s-4 = (s-3)((s-3)-1) = ((n^4-n^2)((n^4-n^2)-1))(((n^4-n^2)((n^4-n^2)-1))-1)
    = ((n^4-n^2)^2 - (n^4-n^2)) (n^4-n^2)^2-(n^4-n^2))-1)
(I'm going to stop here trying to resolve this equation, I don't have the
time. Note that the relation is i(i-1) for each generation so we only
need to affix a relation to i and the generation number. It's worth noting
this can be resolved recursively.)
These can be generalized for the first form to:
C(s-i) = n^(2^i), where i is the number of generations going back.
The inverse makes a handy measure of entropy as well as telling you the odds
of selecting any particular path from one pattern to another pattern given
the number of elements swaps that are allowed.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-30 12:56:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Random array (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So you've got a set of arrays that have 256 numbers in them, whether they
are random or not is irrelevant since we're going to sort them and break
their randomness. It is merely sufficient that they all be reasonably (what
the hell ever that's going to mean) different, if they're all 6's for
example it isn't going to be very interesting.
If I understand the process. Each array would cycle through in parallel
sorting 2 elements of each array. Once that was finished we'd then sort the
arrays themselves according to some process. From your description it seems
to imply that you're going to sort the 1st element descending at that point.
This in effect mis-orders each array after every sort.
This sort of system is an IFS and could lead to determinism (ie a cycle of
sort patterns that repeat endlessly) or chaos (ie a pattern that doesn't
repeat). It in and of itself doesn't guarantee any randomness merely a
continously munged sort.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-30 17:27:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Random array (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy the optimal value is even easier to calculate.
Given an initial array, A(m), and the desire to randomly swap the contents
until there is sufficient entropy to pass the various statistical tests
leaves us with:
Given m initial element and we are swapping them two at a time then we
need to execute at most m/2 swaps to randomize the array.
So, the optimal SWAP_TIMES ends up being, in this case, 128.
This of course doesn't touch on the new rule above about testing for x=y.
In which case you could simply do it over again. Now given that there are
m elements and the odds of selecting any given one is 1/n and the odds of
selecting it twice at one time is 1/n^2.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-31 02:10:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Random array (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ah, ok I think I have it.....
 So we start out with N words (2 bytes):
   0  1  2  ...  n-2 n-1 n
   *  *  *       *   *   *
   ^
 15...8 7...0
   rng   ind
So the ordering of bits 8-15 moves the originaly ordered indexes to
positions correlated to relative magnitude of the rng part.
That certainly looks like it'd work.
Thanks for the clarification.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-31 03:52:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Shuffling (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What I was refering to was that let's say we've just finished playing a hand
of cards and the next dealer collects them from each player and stacks them
up prior to shuffling. Since the selection of cards is related to the
thickness of the two half-decks (and not a strict 1-to-1) it is reasonable
to expect an above average number of such shuffles (ones with grossly uneven
card counts, exactly what that would be I don't know), now as a player I'm
going to know about this bias and can use it to my advantage. I admit it
probably won't change the odds much but sometimes a few hundreths over a
long time can make a difference.
It seems to me the next question that needs asking is:
Given the probability model we've discussed what does the difference in
odds relating to clumping show in relation to uneven deck splitting. If
the deck is split even (26:26) v 27:25 v 28:24 v etc.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-31 04:12:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: rules of engagement (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No. (;)
That is correct, it is the 3-line RSA proposal.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-11-01 11:52:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.400 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
                                                     Confucius
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-07 05:28:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Einsteins Doctorate 
Forwarded message:
Nothing here or anywhere else I can find about Einstein getting an honorary
anything other than a membership in the New York Plumbers Union after Albert
had made a comment about being a plumber after being asked what he would do
if he didn't do physics.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                         To understand is to invent
                                       Jean Piaget
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-07 05:36:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Einstein, more specific about degree 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                         To understand is to invent
                                       Jean Piaget
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-07 09:32:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Last Einstein & his degree... 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-07 23:49:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks HyperArchive (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The L0pht folks are there and Wel Pond used to be a subscriber. Perhaps you
could contact them and they could provide the support?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-08 00:26:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Seed to clone himself, one way or another [CNN] 
It seems that scientist in general may soon be forced to roam from country
to country to practice their work.
Shades of Neuromancer. I am more and more convinced that Gibson's book, and
it's social commentary, is right on the mark.
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
[text deleted]
[text deleted]
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-08 00:52:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Government Regulation & Scienctific Research 
Because of the changes in national governments and their increasing desire
to regulate their citizenry and their economies according to flawed economic
and social dogma we will see the following:
- primary research will still occur in the 1st world countries where the
  interest, money, and infrastructure can support it.
- practical applications of this technology will be developed in the 3rd
  world countries where the destabalizing impact of technology won't hurt
  as much because the central government infrastructure doesn't exist.
- it will become harder and harder for individuals with intellectual
  capital to express their rights within these 1st world enclaves. In
  particular, leaving the country. Perhaps it will get so bad that we'll
  see a return to the Soviet style of sports competition (ie KGB stoolies
  following all the athletes around).
What will be the end result?
We'll see bastions of 1st world culture surrounded by a sea of balkan
areas that are 'governed' by economic and cultural ethos alone.
As this process proceeds it will erode the stability of the 1st world
countries and cause their break-up into small independant balkans.
The results of this will be:
- there will be a slow down in basic research in about 50 years because
  there won't be any large infrastructures that can support basic
  research. Hopefuly the balkans will find a way to cooperate in an
  economic and technological manner. If so the roll of technology will
  resume, albeit potentialy at a slower rate.
- small balkans will band together for periods of time to explore
  research and develop the base understanding.
it'll end up being sort of like a MCC or Sematech at the political level.
One aspect that does worry me is that as technology speads the cultures
around the world homogenize. This could have a negative impact on the
balkanization because the motive to go from here to there won't be relevant
because there will be here. It may turn out that xenophobic cultures like
the Talibans and Chinese may actualy help in the long run because of their
unwillingness to compromise their world views.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-08 05:46:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Government Regulation & Scienctific Research (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You mean the one that failed after only 40 years?...
There is a problem with these two conclusions. In short, the impact on
American business would be devastating. It won't happen to this degree for
the simple reason that there wouldn't be anyone to actualy pay for it and
the American citizen is a LOT less likely to stand their post after 3 months
of not getting paid then a Stasi proll ever did.
If you think about it a moment there are really only TWO issues driving this
entire situation in this country:
-  increased technology and its run-away consequences are completely
   beyond the keen of politico's because they can't spend the number of
   hours per day playing with it to understand it AND still run a
   campaign. They feeled threatened and as a consequence their national
   model (in their heads) is threatened. Politicians hate to hear:
   "Oh, I don't need any help. Thanks." With the ease that technology
   jumps ANY boundary it's a futile task they've handed themselves.
-  the drug war. With the movement currently gaining strength in this
   country for medical marijuana and the knock-down-drag-out that's
   coming between the states and the feds over it, the cost will be
   prohibitive. We are currently at something like 1/150 people in this
   country in jail, the majority for minor drug offences. The impact
   of this (this is 1 person in jail out of every 2 blocks of homes)
   on the citizen-government relationship is souring fast. When the
   police in San Francisco say on national news they won't prosecute
   pot houses because they "have more important things to deal with like
   murder and burglary" something big is coming...
   And it ain't a bunch of nazi stormtroopers on every corner.
No it won't, it will be dedicated to spin-control and legerdemain.
Government toadies like their air conditioned desks entirely too much.
I doubt it. What's going to happen is that the reach of government is going
to weaken because it's going to become harder (not easier) to track
individuals. Why do you think these folks are so hot and heavy on this now?
They know something is coming that will make their world-view irrelevant and
it scares the hell out of them.
History shows that any country that does what you describe lasts no more
than a couple of generations (the 20 yr. kind). Even if you go back to the
Romans you will find that there is a definite pattern to the way the laws
swing from restrictive to permissive.
It will fall apart because much of the discussion will become irrelevant.
It's interesting that doom-sayers like yourself never mention that the
number of opposition camps to the fed's is growing, not lessening. They are
finding it harder, not easier, to figure out what people are doing and why.
The one negative aspect to this movement is that it tends to attrack very
indipendant individuals who don't know how to cooperate, cooperation is the
only advantage the feds have on their side.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-08 05:50:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Balonely, do your research somewhere beside a bar. JFK had no intention of
sending more troops in and every intention of withdrawing the troops that
were there. There are two sources you can look at to verify this. The first
is the troop count over time and the internal presidential memos to the
Chiefs of Staff. Had JFK not been shot there would have been NO US troops in
Vietnam by the end of '64.
LBJ is the nit-wit who crewed the proverbial pooch.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-08 08:13:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cryptographically secure mailing list software (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy to be secure the subscriber would need to use one of the remailers
public key to encrypt their key prior to submission to the remailer. Of
course this doesn't prevent a MIT attack and key substitution. Otherwise
you'd be sending  your key in the clear, generaly a bad thing.
This touches on the main problem with distribution and use of PKE, in that
no secure key management protocal suitable for internet sort of
architectures has ever been developed that doesn't require some trusted 3rd
party or an existing secure channel.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-08 08:52:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A question about gas warfare in San Fran in '66... 
Here in Austin we have a local radio dj who does a public access show on
various issue localy and nationaly, Alex Jones, who has put a piece on some
sort of bio-weapon test that occurred in '66 in San Francisco. He is
claiming that deaths resulted.
Anyone have a clue what he's talking about?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-08 09:13:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Emergency G-7 meeting in England on Sat.... 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-08 11:08:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A question about gas warfare in San Fran in '66... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy no, Alex was showing some documents with government seals and such. I
haven't had a chance to contact him so far but intend to. The only way I
have of getting a hold of him is to call his talk show or his access tv
show. His next access show is tomorrow (Tue.) nite.
The gist was that some group within the US gov. did a test in some area of
San Fran. and several deaths occurred. It wasn't done with the knowledge or
permission of the Cali. or San Fran. officials as described by Alex to date.
As I find more info I'll pass it along.
[bunch of other peripheral drivel deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 03:22:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Best & Brightest 
Sorry it took so long to get back on this, but...
I went and checked the book in the bookstore as I had a vague memory of
reading it in high school. Yep, it's the same book I read in '74 in a
government class.
David Halberstam's "Best and Brightest" was an excellent book on the Vietnam
War and the political wrangling that got us into it - *for 1972*.
This book has never been updated and near as I can find nobody has taken the
time to compare its line of argument and innuendo with the last 26 years of
data that has come to light. In particular it makes no mention, and because
of time travel limitations shouldn't be expected to, of the wealth of data
on the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Vietnam Conflict that has come to light
in the last 3 years because these classified materials weren't released yet.
This material is available via the Kennedy Library and the LBJ Library. It
includes internal memos and similar material that Halberstam did not have
any knowledge of. Of paritcular note to the thesis that some espouse that
Kennedy intended to increase the force level is a memo to the combined
chiefs of staff to remove ALL US forces from SE Asia. This memo was signed
just weeks before Kennedy was assassinated. Every indication is that LBJ
would have honored that had the Ya Drang Valley (the 7th Cavalry almost had
another Little Bighorn) not occurred in '64. After this tactical defeat (both
US and Viet forces claimed it as a strategic win) the US level of forces in
the area went through the roof.
This book is good for a historical perspective only, if you're interested
in understanding what happened from 1962 - 1963 with Kennedy and 1963+ with
LBJ then this is not the book to go to. It is simply out of date.
A general rule of thumb in doing historical research:
If the reference is not a primary and it is over 5 years old and has not
been updated then it is suspect.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 03:53:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What sort of use do you see it being put to? One or two stations wouldn't be
worth the investment in money or time. Would it be some sort of private
channel or the backbone of a more complex enterprise? Do you see it being a
form of employment in the crash in that the operator could trade
communications access for vittles and ammo?
As to protocols, the standard IP packet software seems to work just fine (I
think it's something like KA9Q or some such). I've used it twice and it
worked like a champ.
Are you proposing to get a license or would it be strictly underground until
after the crash?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 07:18:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Doing nothing wrong... 
It occurred to me that a great comeback to:
If you don't have anything to hide you shouldn't mind being monitored by the
To which the responce should be:
Ok, since the police don't have anything to hide they shouldn't mind being
monitored by the citizens.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 07:44:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I wonder how the new realization that the calthrate deposits in the ocean
bottem off the continental shelf make fine fuel and it's replenishable and
may be of a larger quantity than the oil reserves will effect the power
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 08:06:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Spelling error... 
It's clathrate, not calthrate...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 08:40:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: usa-v-cej-wc.htm (fwd) 
Notice: mucho text deleted.
Forwarded message:
This guy has experience with the Internet and doesn't know the difference
between a group and a mailing list, what a maroon.
Implying Bell was under surveillance.
And the point is?
So I can non-corruptly obstruct and impede?
Well, finaly got the terms right.
Oh well, I knew he couldn't keep it straight.
This guy keeps using 'group' instead of 'mailing list', there is the
potential implication of conspiracy here...I wouldn't be surprised if just
about all of us weren't under surveillance at this point.
See I told you there was a conspiracy buried in there somewhere!
Probably not a wise move, don't know about psychological problems but it
certainly demonstrates a lack of intelligence.
That's impressive if true.
So that's why he came to Austin?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 09:45:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Movie/Research Research (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You'd need to use something like an eternity server or a data haven. These
allow one to obtain information from an unknown 3rd party based on a
distributed network of servers and search engines.
All transactions of e$ would need to go through an anonymous remailer of
some sort that interfaced to a suitable bank handlding EFT's via the
The web surfing could be implimented via a CROWDS style mechanism.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 10:27:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tax silliness (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That isn't accurate. The tax was a 'gift tax' and the ONLY person required
to pay tax on it is the person GIVING the gift.
Had you actualy read the announcement by the IRS it states very clearly that
the reciever is NOT responsible for any taxes.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 11:21:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Gift taxes... 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 11:33:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Taxes & baseball... 
It occurs to me that if the fan who caught the ball and then gave it to
McGyer  had to pay a gift tax then so would the NLB, after all it was their
ball until it left the field at which point they give it to the fan who
catches it.
I wonder what made the IRS back down from a cool 1.2M...?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 12:04:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin: Meet on Wed. Sept. 16, 1998 (new location) 
The next physical meet will be held on Wed. Sept. 16, 1998 from 7-8pm (or
We are meeting at the Korea House across the street from The Yellow Rose on
N. Lamar. If you need directions please send a request to
austin-cpunks at ssz.com.
I am sure there will be some discussion about Toto as well as the database
project we've been half-heartedly working on (if only work didn't take so
much time).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 20:22:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The FCC prohibits the transmission of encrypted data via analog or digital
signals by amateurs.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 22:37:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CP Cite (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I've noticed such discrepencies in the past as well. Unfortunately I have
been unable to figure out exactly why a particular remailer (I've seen every
one do this at one time or another) will drop the resend. I don't know
whether it's a time out in the various time-to-lives or what. I've noticed
that the various remailers will sometimes change message id's causing
multiple copies as well. I don't believe it's important since it doesn't
happen very often, as near as I can determine. As long as any archives
subscribe to all the lists and use some sort of duplicate filtering it
shouldn't be a real issue.
I do know that SSZ holds messages at least 4 days and my ISP holds them for
5 days so I don't think it's a connection problem resulting in dropped
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-09 23:45:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's not really the problem...
The problem with alcohol is that there isn't enough free land in order grow
enough plant material to provide the necessary quantities without seriously
restricting the amount of land available for actual foodstuffs and living
space (unless you want everyone to move to Black Rock desert or live on the
top of a mountain).
Alcohol is also much more of a fire hazard than gas. It burns hotter, isn't
put out by water spray easily, and burns invisibly (well all right in the
Again not enough land to make it feasible, not to mention the low efficiency
of even the best panels.
Not enough places in the US (or anywhere else for that matter) where the wind blows with sufficient force 18 hours a day to make it economical.
Coal isn't an acceptable substitute, mainly because there isn't enough
low-sulphur deposits in the world to supply the US, let alone the rest of
the world. Plus it isn't renewable.
Not enough rivers with sufficient hydrodynamic head to make this work
for the US let alone the rest of the planet.
I'll buck the general consensus because I like nuclear energy, however there
is a single MAJOR caveat, we need fussion and not fission reactors to make
it economical. The waste problem with fission reactors is enough to vote
in the negative on them.
The reality is that the clathrate deposits occur across the entire ocean.
The existing Magnesium Nodule treaties could be extended to cover the
countries that don't have coastlines. They are the first renewable,
occurring in sufficient quantity, and with realizable and economicly
feasible methods for mining, processing, and distributing to have been put
on the table.
As to the gas and oil folk being against them, they're about the only ones
with an existing infrastructure (ie extracting oil and gas from the sea
floor) to take advantage of the source, implying that existing changes in
the infrastructure would be minor.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 10:47:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ down (whatta story!)... 
Sorry for the downtime but a big (40ft.) tree fell and took out the phone
lines, nearly squished one of my dogs, and had the power lines under some
considerable tension.
If you're receiving this then everything should be back up and operating
normaly. No further downtime is expected.
Now back to your normal bat channel...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 10:49:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True, but the amount of land needed to replace the oil reserves is a tad
Why? It's in their best interest to use the product in their own country.
Indy racers  add various things to make it burn (usualy a orange) but I
don't have any references at hand and don't remember. Sorry I can't answer
that one specificaly.
That'll work for gasoline because soap and gasoline are soluble. I doubt it
would work very well for alcohol but once I get this mess with the tree
straightened out I'll do a little backyard experiment.
What I had in mind was to pour some alcohol on the concrete drive way and
light it. Then use a waterbottle with a water/soap mix. Do you think that
would be a suitable simulation?
Yep, use the roof of every 10+ houses to power a single house...
Ok, so you have acres and acres of power turbines on towers around Chicago,
where does Chicago move to? What about the rest of the country? The issue
after all is what happens when a renewable *replacement* for oil based fuels
is found? This is a much more global issue than Chicago. Besides putting a
wind generator on a building wouldn't even power the building.
Ok, something got lost here...
Actualy it's not, if anything the pollution of mining, production, byproducts
of use such as acid rain, and some I've probably left out are only an
extension of the problem. The ignorance of long term costs of disposal and
ecological impact is one of my personal pet peeves with traditional economic
theory and why I pretty much think it's a pile of shit and economist in
general are idiots.
Ok, so we let PART of the people starve and die in the dark.
We don't have engines at this point that can do that. The fact is that it
takes more energy to get to the sun than it does to leave the solar system.
Nope, not the answer. (I do experimental, ie big bird, rockets for grins and
Microwaves, and god help you if you happen to fly through one. I won't even
talk about the costs of development, control, maintenance, etc. This won't
fly any time in the next couple of hundred years at least. What about the
heating of the water in the air, can you say global warming on a scale that
would make the current issues irrelevant.
Absolutely, I want to replace it. I want to replace it with something that
is renewable, won't have the ecological impact of the others, won't squeeze
the small countries out, etc. If it requires killing a single salamander
then it's the wrong choice simply to make a profit.
I love trees.
The problem is that there aren't that many renewable resources that won't
break the bank or create a have/have-not situation that would be rife with
conflict potential.
You need pressure as well. But yes, this is a possibility as well. I
haven't seen the energy costs on this approach. The largest producers of
methane on the planet are cows. Perhaps we should shove a hose up the hinney
of all the cows...:)
Absolutely, there is a hurdle to jump. One of the main issues with the
traditional natural gas deposits are that they are expensive because of the
drilling requirements, non-renewable, and not evenly distributed to
potential users. Something deep-ocean clathrates and potentialy your
industrial process idea don't have.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 10:49:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy the tension between followers of Allah and Yahwe split long before
us poor westerners were doing much more than getting naked, painting
oursleves blue, and stabing each other with bronze and iron rods.
While it is true the modern political scene has exacerbated the situation,
it is untrue that it was the causation.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 12:28:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ok, then what would be a suitable test in your view?
It seems to me that after reviewing your comments this would be sufficient.
We have a small pool of fuel that is on fire, we spray water on it and
monitor the behaviour. We then create another similar pool and spary water
w/ detergent in it and note any differences.
Actualy it's to keep the water from forming 'beads' because of differences
in density. The surface tension of water is much higher than most fuels so
if you put a little water in a lot of fuel you don't want it to bead. This
is analogouse to why you put your injector cleaner in *before* the gas so
that the difference in density won't effect the thoroughness of the mixing.
You can do the same sort of thing at home with cooking oil, water, and
As to water floating on top of gasoline, it won't for any lentgh of time
greater than a fraction of a second, detergent or no detergent.
I have several friends who are as fanatical about this technology as you
seem to be. I find it interesting that in 20 years of playing with it they
are still in the red.
The proof is in the pudding.
If it was ONLY that simple. When you leave the Earth you have the Earths
orbital momental (and it is considerable). I'll refer you to:
Classical Mechanics (2nd ed)
HC Corben, P. Stehle
ISBN 0-486-68063-0 (Dover)
Introduction to Space Dynamics
WT Thomson
ISBN 0-486-65113-4 (Dover)
Because I'm way to lazy today to want to delve in to triple-integrals and
If there is any alternative that will fulfill the requirements and doesn't
require the arbitrary collateral damage then it isn't worth it, period. If
for no other reason than the ethical responsibility to pass on the world as
undamaged as possible to the next generation. (another oversite in current
economic thought that I find makes it unusable)
True, but only because the current energy sources are located in specific
geographic areas.
Actualy natural gas isn't any more flamable than gasoline or alcohol. What
makes it safer is the gas diffuses in the air much faster than either
alcohol or gasoline. In fact, in an accident I'd rather have a gas involved
than a liquid because of this. I've seen several natural gas fires and they
burn a yellow-orange (course they could be putting something in there
besides the odorant to cause this).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 12:35:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Renewable Energy Stuff (was citizenship silliness) (fwd) 
First, let me say (again) to everyone ....
Quit sending these responses to my private email. If you want to discuss it
keep it on the list. Any further such private submissions go into /dev/null
unread. This also means you don't need to cc: if you send it to the cpunks
list since I'm subscribed...;)
Now, back to more intersting discussion...
Forwarded message:
You're going to seriously claim that 1 gallon of hemp oil is equivalent to 3
gallons of gasoline? I don't think so. I've seen hemp burn and it don't burn
anywhere near that efficiently.
I also notice it doesn't mention what it costs to raise that 4 tons/acre...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 12:48:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Model Airplane Bio-weapon Sniffers [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 13:37:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Renewable Energy Stuff (was citizenship silliness) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Well if we really, really must go back there....;)
What I was originaly looking to discuss was the impact of the injection of a
globaly available, economical, and effective replacement of petroleum
products on the international relationships. In particular the impact on
places like Isreal, Iran, US, etc. The only real relevance this has to
cypherpunks is from the economics side (why I've been trying to stay on
topic with the economics comments in parens) and how such a shift of
economic and industrial capabilites out of centralized and nationaly
controlled geographies might impact these same countries ability to remain
stable and the consequences of such.
Take Kuwait for example, the impact there would be devistating. And like a
domino effect (or want of a nail...) the repurcussions can be imagined to
run up the food chain. It is related, though not directly, to an issue that
I was engaged in several days ago about Gibson and the relationships of
governments, individuals, large companies, technology development, etc.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 14:19:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ASL: RE: RE: RE: Copyright infringement (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Um, actualy not. It is actualy illegal for me to allow you to borrow my
books, CD's, albums, etc.
They own it. The employees are acting as agents of the employer and
therefore the employer, not the employee, is the owner of that traffic. So
if you send an email to some mailing list on the clock or with their
equipment then the traffic wasn't ever yours. The owner of a copyright can
make as many copies as they choose. The question is what do they do with the
email that comes from the other person using the other employers computer to
send the traffic....
As far as I know this hasn't made it into court in this exact form, however
it isn't likely too either. The precedences, and reasoning behind, the above
interpretation is well known and understood (at least by lawyers). What is the bill number for this?
Not viewing it since the act of putting the data on the server is an implied
permission to view. However, the instant you make a permanent copy on your
hard-drive, that's not in the browsers short term cache, would be illegal.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 14:46:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Youser, this is a plan to have every fireman and policeman in Austin show up
at my house Saturday afternoon isn't it (you crafty devil you)?...
I'll have to beg off since I live right in the middle of town any showy
demonstrations would be met with some neighborhood hostility I suspect. I
also don't believe the folks who own the land out in Elgin where my shop is
would go for that either, they're worried enough about my rocket engines and
Tesla coils...
Well in petroleum fires it isn't the liquid that burns but the very thin gas
layer just above it. You can actualy put a gas fire out with a wash of
gasoline. It's got to literaly be thrown on the fire and it needs to be
much larger than the quantity of material being burned. The soap/water
combo act as a layer reducing the outgassing and hence starving the fire of
fuel. It also lowers the temperature also helping the fire fighting
(remember temperature, fuel, oxidizer).
The bubbles of water than form, without the soap, sink to the bottem of the
spilled fuel and play no part in the fire/fire-fighting process.
Where does he live? What kind of house does he live in? What happens when we
expand his system to cover a small city of say 10k and include schools,
hospitals, business, etc.? What are the costs to install and operate
compared to traditional methods?
If he lives in a wood house in Alaska that won't work, if he lives in a mud
hut in the desert of Nevada all you need is a straw mat, a fan, and some
water to cool (yeah I know that's a literal exageration, but environment
does play a role).
There's this house here in Austin that is thermo-regulated by a fluid that
is pumped several hundred feet into a hill. The temperature in the core of
the hill stays about 68F year around, his house stays around 72 or so year
around as a consequence. Unfortunately, we don't have enough hills in Austin
(and if you've never been to Austin, we're nothing but hills) to take care
of the entire city. The heat from your neighbors house ends up in  your
house and vica versa.
I suspect (and that's all it is) that when one takes the population growth
rate, requirements for water, transportation, housing, commercial
enterprises, waste, etc. there won't be enough arrible land left to grow
sufficient quantities of any plant material for anything except food.
There are issues with clathrates as well. Such as the fact these materials
are also the result of decay of animal matter and some percentage of
outgassing on the sea bed from deep geo-sources and ultimitely face the
same sort of issues with petroleum *if* the various curves don't match. The
question is, and I admit to have no hard data other than supposition, what
are/would be the curves if we used clathrates? Is the deposition rate
sufficient given a global extraction rate that was positive over time? Does
the increase in bio-mass as a result of population growth compensate
I don't know and really would be hesitant to try to put real numbers to that
with what references I have available currently. And given my current
commitment level I'm not likely to spend a great deal of time working on it
to solidify the model.
I support diversity as well, unfortunately in some instances it's more
economical (with the inclusion of waste and other issues normaly ignored)
to go with a single solution on large scales. And that after all is the
issue, not one house out of 10,000 but all 10,000.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 14:53:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Renewable Energy Stuff (was citizenship silliness) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
How many gallons of gasoline can you raise on an acre?
Actualy the point I was trying to make is that it's comparing apples and
oranges. Until it's in a dollars/gallon for each of them format no real
worthwhile comparison can be made.
Well don't forget crop rotation since the hemp is going to deplete the soil
if you simply grow three crops a year (which is possible this far south).
There is also the issue of water, hemp is a plant that needs lots of water
and is very sensitive to light levels/times, tempearture and pH. Hemp also
leeches nitrogen quite heavily.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-10 22:16:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Single-sideband (SSB) isn't an international standard, it's a physical
The Art of Electronics
Horowitz, Hill
ISBN 0-521-37095-7
pp. 897
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-11 07:22:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Bits are Bits (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then I won't tell you folks about Star-Tek which rents and sells software
all around the country...
As to the other stuff...
If you really think it's ok to lend your budy your CD to listen to the
newest bands out there you should call your local musicians union.
As to books and such, call a book publisher and ask for their legal
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-11 10:19:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rental of PC software... 
For those of you who believe it is completely illegal to rent PC software
should contact:
Star Techs
9222 Burnet Rd.
Austin, Tx.
(sorry for the earlier mis-spelling of the name)
I'll also forward a reference regarding loaning copyrighted material and
who owns the rights to decide whether it is allowed or not.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-12 08:50:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Governemnts should give up regulating Internet [CNN] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <199809121413.JAA15418 at einstein.ssz.com>
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
Content-Length: 2001      Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-12 10:12:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
As rare as it is, I agree with Declan here. If Clinton would lie under oath
about a non-crime (ie sex between consenting adults) what would he do if
faced with a real issue?
He should have said "Yeah, I had sex with her. What business is it of
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-12 11:02:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What part of:
High crimes and misdemeanors don't you understand?
Oh, and it isn't 'high misdemeanors'...
I figure it's the fact that 'principles' are involved that is confusing
everybody, no room to move like there is with relativism. Bottem line, he
held a public office, while in that office he should commit *NO* crime or
else he should loose that office. There was no abmiguity there in the minds
of the founding fathers and there shouldn't be in yours either. If this
confuses you then take it as an indication that you have a axiomatic
contradiction in your world view and need to rethink things in a serious
As Jefferson said, if you hold a public office your public property.
Nail the son of a bitch to the wall, he did the crime let him do the time.
It's a pitty he doesn't have this sort of empathy for all those people he's
put in jail for consensual crimes during his tenure. The man has a base
double standard, let him pay for it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-12 13:37:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Deletion test 
Deletion test
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-12 15:29:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 2A (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Contract law is civil law, the Constitution isn't civil law it is the
charter defining how the government is supposed to work. If we accept this
then no part of the Constitution is safe because it could be over-ridden
this way, clearly not what the founding fathers intended in practice or
This is lawyer bullshit, the 10th states very clearly, as well as the
last sentence of the inter-state commerce clause, that the Constitution has
to be taken in toto. The legislators and courts don't get to pick and choose.
Furthermore, since the amendments dealing with prohabition were passed prior
to the 16th they set a precedence that requires that subsequent amendemnts
must specify what they are changing, the 16th doesn't do that. One could
argue on that alone that the 16th as currently worded is invalid since it
didn't meet prior precedence and by extension wasn't passed legaly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-12 16:32:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ooops...16 is before 18th & 21st 
Ooops, guess I was in some sort of fugue and forgot how to count...
Clearly the 16th is before the 18th or 21st amendments.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-12 19:07:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy the control channel for satellites must be encrypted by
international law.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-13 22:13:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Remailers (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which remailers? The CDR members or the anonymous remailers?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-14 07:28:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: McDougal denied medical aid prior to death [CNN] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: <199809141249.HAA24500 at einstein.ssz.com>
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
Content-Length: 2034      Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-15 13:50:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anon traffic via SSZ 
Forwarded message:
Nothing on this end filters unless it comes from/to:
cypherpunks-unedited at toad.com
I filter these because the dumbshit's at mosexpo.ru keep sending messages
with munged headers that fill up postmaser's mailbox with delivery failure
messages. I got tired of using the 'd' key. But even in this case, I only
filter *after* I've forwarded the traffic to the other nodes.
The only other quirk I'm aware of regarding anon posts are ones without
subjects, in which case I get a notice that the Japanese node is dropping
it because it doesn't have headers. This should come as no surprise as I've
made mention several times on this issue.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-15 15:21:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
Sounds to me like you need to be talking to replay.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-15 18:51:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN - Investigators find "assassination" page on the Web - September 15, 1998 (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
How come only the IRS is listed as related web sites?...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-15 21:04:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Voices (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Stephen King is no horror writer, he's a pussy wanna be. If you want a really
good author then check out Poppy Z. Brite.
Lost Souls (read this one first) Drawing Blood
Exquisite Corpse (if you've ever wondered if you were the least bit
                  homophobic, when you finish this one you'll know)
You'll either read about 2-3 pages and quit in utter refulsion and disgust
or else you'll be hooked.
Sombody else to try is:
Grave markings
Michael A. Arnzen
Ann Rice? Give me a break...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-15 21:57:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The 1st prevents the government from regulating religion, even to the point
of having the authority to define what a religion is. This includes smoking
dope, raping little babies, whatever. It *IS NOT* an issue within the
guidelines of the Constitution for the *federal* government, Period, end of
story. Note that it does *not* prevent religions from participating in the
government. They could regulate any commerce of those churches that cross
state lines.
The 10th says that unless the state you happen to live in regulates religion
through a representative form of government via their own constitution then
the practice and limits of religion are to be decided by the individual.
Don't like it?
Get a god damned amendment passed modifying or nullifying one or both of the
above amendments.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-15 23:56:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
  The state CAN support one
If we are speaking of 'the state' as the 'federal government' then *no* it
can't support any religion because it isn't authorized to address those
issues under any venue, make no law means just that, make no law - whether
for or against religion is irrelevant. This country is blind in respect to
religion and the cornucopia of individual actions via the 9th & 10th.
Now if you are speaking of 'the state' as the individual 50 states,
regulated within the confines of their own 50 individual constitutions, as
directed per the 10th then you are correct - provided the state constitution
gives the state government the duty (governments don't have rights) to regulate
religion, the fact is most don't.
If there is no individual state regulation then the limitations of religion
fall upon individual discretion. Whether the religion promoted going to
heaven, smoking good ganja, or rapeing babies is irrelevant as to the
ability of the state to engage in prior restraint - they can't. Since most
local jurisdictions have laws against murder, rape, child molestation, etc.
under their individual charters and representative system there is really no
reason to a priori regulate such activities at any higher level than localy.
It isn't the act that we should worry about, it's the consequences to others
after the fact. If an act doesn't effect another person or their property
directly then there is no legitimate reason to interfere with their actions.
Constitutionaly the federal government should be blind to my actions as an
individual unless I'm crossing a state line, work for the federal
government, legal action, or have a treasury issue.
Bullshit. There is NO way to reasonably accept this as a legitimate
interpretation of the 1st & 10th.
No. Niether the spirit or the letter of the issue allows such sweeping
generalizations. In fact it fails for the same reason that mass searches
fail strict Constitutional interpretation, the Constitution directs that
probable cause is required *IN EACH CASE* to be handled individualy, there
is no stipulation where individual probable cause may be bypassed. Just
because you do it to everyone, while you can't do it to anyone, legitimizes
it. If you can't rape an individual you can't rape 10 people. The same
applies to religion, the federal government can't make a law respecting a
religion because it can't even define religion. Now if you can't support any
religion you certainly can't support an individual religion.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-16 08:31:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Where are the people... 
likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.  Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient Causes; and accordingly all Experience hath shewn, that Mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the Forms to which they are accustomed.  But when a     ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-16 11:55:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Then don't take the oath:
To tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
 So lieing per se isn't the problem.
No, it's the fact that he took an oath to tell the truth and didn't.
 Murky water
Then you don't think very well.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-16 13:38:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Try pantheism. If one fundamentaly believes that god does not exist, which
clearly involves faith, then yes it is a religion. A religion is a belief
system that provides a relationship between the individual and the totality
of all else (the cosmos if you'll allow me).
By your view an agnostic can't be religion since it is the recognition of
a *lack* of faith, clearly something you require to be religous. An atheist
says that god could exist but doesn't - clearly an act of faith.
There are fundamentaly two types of religions, those that recognize some for
of transcendance and those that don't. Quibbling over what is the 'correct'
form of transcendence is as irrelevant as arguing over the 'correct'
In either case the same failure to understand human psychology is committed.
In short it is the axiomatic assumption that there *is* a single anything
that will satisfy everyone.
What do you mean by 'spiritual'? Are you refering to a ghost-in-the-machine
either at the individual or cosmological level? Whether one believes that
mystical element is external (which if you understood God would clearly be
seen to be a non sequitar with the rest of your argument) or internal is     ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-16 14:12:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Morality and the distinctions that can be drawn from it are a consequence of
the individual and the characteristics of their milieu and their species.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-16 17:13:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You could, but you'd be wrong.
Atheism means that one believes that there is no God.
Ah, so there are personal beliefs that aren't religion and then there are
personal beliefs that are? What a self-rightous, pretentious, egotistical
Your view is *exactly* why the 1st was put in there.
Actualy not, the vast majority of people believe in God, just not your
particular brand - which after all is what the 1st is all about.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-16 17:44:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Section 1.  Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be proved, and the Effect thereof.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
The interpetation you offer is bogus. The article says Congress shall pass
what laws are deemed necessary to guarantee that the rights and priviliges
of one state are enjoyed in the others. It does *NOT* say they have a right
to define *what those privileges actualy are*. It has one other effect in
that it prohibits safe haven states. Though it would seem to imply that once
a person changed residence from one state to another and obtained
citizenship in the new state some extradition could be refused...
Bob is living in Texas and growing pot, it is illegal. In Louisana on the
other hand personal possession is allowed for quantities up to 500 lbs. Bob
decides that he would rather live in Louisiana. Until Bob actualy obtained
Louisiana citizenship he would still be considered a Texas resident and
therefore responsible to the laws of that state. So if Texas were to
extradite prior to Louisiana citizenship Bob would have to be extradited.
However, once Bob became a Louisiana citizen and no longer a Texas citizen
his prior actions wouldn't be extraditable. A sort of get out of jail free
At no point is Congress given the authority to define state law, only that
it must guarantee a representative form of government in each state - not
that they all have to be identical. The 10th would prevent such an extension
of authority.
The reality is the actual law could be incredibly simple:
Every state shall respect and protect the rights and priviliges of any
citizen of another state who is resident within the boundaries of the state.
The state shall further protect those rights even if they are in direct
conflict with the laws of that state.
So if a Texas DPS officer pulled over a car from Louisiana he couldn't
hassle them in regards to the pot they had in the car. Even though it was
illegal for Texas citizens.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-16 17:55:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... - an extension of speculation 
Forwarded message:
[related stuff deleted]
One way that Texas could address this issue is that the instant somebody
enters the state of Texas they are instant citizens. The downside is that
they could then vote. This leads to the potential of having persons
spin-loop through states gaining citizenship and voting. So Texas would
probably require 30 days or such, retaining the original intent of the
Constitution and the Amendments.
The founding fathers were strong believes in voting with ones feet in
regards discussion and expression of personal beliefs. The United States are
supposed to be a haven for personal freedom.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-16 20:51:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You didn't learn anything because you weren't paying attention. This was
supposition based on a strict interpretation of the Constitution. You should
try reading *every* word.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-17 13:50:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy this is a straw man. Very few Christians claim Buddhist, Muslim,
etc. are satan worshipers, Satan is a Christian ephigy. What they *do*
claim is that those folks are worshipping false idols and as a result
won't gain access to heaven at death.
Vasty different than your claim.
There's your first problem, your argument won't stand in the traditional
architecture of society so you want to try to get me to throw it away.
This causes all terms, ideas, etc. to become irrelevant in effect forcing
me to play from a vacuum. Won't do it. Though it's a nice ploy on your
A personal philosophy is a religion, different words but same idea. If your
thesis is that for something to be a religion it requires some sort of
social approval you miss the whole point. Even Jesus recognized that a
persons religion didn't rely on a 'church' and the implied infrastructure.
This is the reason he told his listeners to pray in a closet alone.
There is no reason to believe one doesn't either. If we take your claim at
face value you need to demonstrate your test that shows the irrelevancy
of god. God is not a belief in a negative, another straw man, but rather
a mechanism or expression of human psychology and the need for humans to
find patterns (ie reason) in things.
Ah, another of your mistakes. Religion and by extension faith are not
constrained by reason or logic. It's this realisation that puts some
issues and aspect of human inquiry outside of the reach of science, logic,
If you're a pantheist they're the only religion (aka personal philosophy)
you've got. Shortcomings in your imagination are not a reflection upon the
rest of the cosmos.
No, only some religions are irrational. The point you're missing is not
one of rationality or irrationality but rather transcendance.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-17 17:38:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The *point* is neither word definition or philosophy, the point *is* the
5,000+ years of human history that define the issues related to the
individual, political expression, and religous freedom. The meaning is in
the context (not the medium - respects to Marshall).
In your mind. You make the same mistake bejillions before you have made and
continue to make. Just because you are satisfied with it is no justification
to foist it off on me or to expect it will satisfy me. As Santyana said,
Those who don't understand history are doomed to repeate it.
This is why it is important to not fall into your 'relativistic' abolition
of history.
You really should give up drugs.
Absolutely, well except for one very important point. It isn't your claiming
it's my religion that makes it so, it's my claiming it that makes it so.
What *you* claim is my religion is irrelevant and immaterial.
If we follow your plan we would outlaw anything that couldn't be reduced to
an equation in some predicate calculus. There is more in heaven and earth
than in your philosophy Horatio.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-17 19:48:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Mitnick certainly took advantage of it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-17 20:16:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Contacting Congress (fwd) [somebody subscribed me?] 
Forwarded message:
Reply-To: APFN at netbox.com
Organization: American Patriot Friends Network
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.05 [en] (Win95; I)
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

@_date: 1998-09-17 21:38:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
True, but unlike these other guys they haven't been able to de-crypt the
data and use it against him, and they have denied him access to retrieve
files that supposedly prove his innocence, definitely making the big boys
look more than a tad oppressive. Add onto this the physical abuse that is
supposed to have occurred and it becomes to be seen as an issue irrespective
of his crimes.
I would say that in Mitnick's case the use of crypto has worked to his
long-term advantage.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-18 07:14:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
They're still at least a Class C misdemeanor in the state of Texas.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-18 07:26:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: RF networks, spread spectrum (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Another source of related information is the AX.25 Level 2 support built
into the current Linux kernels. If you're using SuSE 5.3 it's located on
the install CD at:
In the SuSE manual (pp. 188) it says:
"Enables data transfer via CB"
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-18 18:55:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Fwd: Petition for Redress] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Reply-To: APFN at netbox.com
Organization: American Patriot Friends Network
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.05 [en] (Win95; I)

@_date: 1998-09-18 19:29:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Reno in contempt of Congress? [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-19 07:59:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If we are talking philosophies of the range to include 'natural philosophy'
(ie physics) then you are correct. Fortunately, this attempt at shifting the
topic of discussion away from personal or individual philosophies relating
to the relationship between individuals, God, and the cosmos  won't work.
This is called a straw-man. Pick an argument that you want to (dis)prove but
don't know how. Then pick a similar but non-identical (or fail to prove the
identity) which one knowns how to (dis)prove. Finaly claim that the second
easier (since it is (dis)provable) problem is identical to the first.
And trying to change the subject of discourse is as well. A philosophy is a
set of beliefs, period. In this particular case we are discussing personal
or individual philosophies and from definition and practice they are
identical. Religion after all is nothing more than a set of beliefs and
therefore falls under 'personal philosophy'.
Just remember this, it's your ugly baby.
Changing the side on which the 'do not' resides doesn't change the meaning.
These two sentences are identical in content and meaning.
I belive god does not exist
I do not believe god exists
^(A) = (^A)
Whether I believe in them makes no difference to their existance (you really
really need to quit taking drugs). This is the same sort of crap reasoning
the UFO nut-cases partake in. They run around asking "Do you believe in
aliens?" when the question that needs asking is "How do we prove aliens have
been here?", and in many cases they take the two to be equivalent.
Hindu pantheon is a different form of Pantheism that I practice. I don't
agree with many of the points that Hindu, Aztec, Buddhist, New Age, etc.
pantheist practice, it's too anthropocentric for my taste and in the case
of New Age Pantheism (gag) they've simply given transcendance a new form.
And I further believe that the Hindu practice of sweeping ants out of ones
way and wearing a veil to inhibit bug inhalation is taking it too far the
other way (though I respect and practice the spirit of their actions).
Respect does not mean subserviance.
I'm not trying to prove anything, you are. I'm just blowing holes in your
Ohhhh, supernatural is by definition in this discussion equivalent to
transcendental. I'll say it again, there are two types of religion - those
who believe transcendentalism exists (ie traditional religions) and those
that don't (eg Pantheism). It is not reasonable nor logical to expect the
natural rules of experience to be recognized by the supernatural. Now I can inquire into many things without using a particular type of logic
(you keep writing as if there is only one form of logic - perhaps this is
the root shortcoming in your reasoning). So trying to say that inquiry is
equivalent to using logic is a misunderstanding of both inquiry and logic.
The question that you are skirting around is:
If God exists and created the universe, does this imply that it is
constrained by that creation?
You can answer that question with three answers:
Yes	Pantheism and some other forms of pagan religions
No	Traditional religions
?	Agnostic (if you'd like to know,
        Nihilism (if you believe the question is irrelevant),
        etc.
Transcendence is the belief that there is something more than the earthly
veil. In other words, if you practice a transcendantal religion then by
definition you believe in a ghost-in-the-machine of one form or another.
If you like you can think of it as one set of religions believes there is
purpose and reason in existance whereas others believe that it is all random
dice (and yes that is a broad brush I'm painting with).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:14:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: TruthMonger key's password! (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Note the magic circle comment as a potential passphrase, he did say
Or more likely there is one or more persons who have an arrangement.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-19 18:19:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Of course it's different if you preface your lie with "I swear to tell the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth".
The oath is voluntary and therefore if broken no claim for duress, only
intentional misdirection, can explain such actions.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-19 22:25:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If you can't trust your elected officials to live up to their word, in other
words if they will lie under oath on something this immaterial then how do
you trust him to live up to the oath he took when he took office?
He asked, wasn't drafted, to have the peoples trust placed in him and then
he reniged.
Did Al Capone evade taxes? If so then what's your point?
 You want to get him because he's a Bad Person not because of
Not at all, it simply recognizes that any public official with a record of
lying under oath is not fit to hold office.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-20 08:49:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
It should work, though I don't believe it's ever been tested in court. I've
been looking at the court forcing one to take immunity and can't find
anything that would support such actions. So if you haven't told the court
you will cooperate *and* you say nothing more than that you're taking the
5th there shouldn't be much they can do except charge you as an accomplice
and hope for a conviction on other material.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-20 16:35:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Here is the catch in your distinction, the belief in those empirical
positions is fundamentaly based on faith. Critical to those beliefs are
at least two (any scientist worth anything could list many more) assumptions
that can *only* be taken on faith:
The universe and its operation is isotropic and homogenious
So clearly a belief in science as a method to describe the relations between
individuals and nature (at whatever scale) is fundamentaly based on faith.
As to your assertion that such a belief system is not a religion, please
take the time to review pantheism. It is clearly a religion in that it
addresses the relationship of the individual, society, nature, and God.
It does so by abandoning transcendence. You really should read some of
Spinoza's work as well as William James'.
Everything a person believes, for or against, is fundamentaly based on
unprovable axiomatic assumptions whose (in)correctness is based on faith
and by extension a belief in the correctness of the holder and the implied
fallibility of all other individuals who hold beliefs to the contrary. In a
very real sense religion is the epitomy of hubris.
This entire paragraph makes no sense.
No, atheism is the statement that "God could exist, but doesn't". Whether
one chooses to hang 'Bhuddism' or 'Wiccan' on is irrelevant. We aren't
discussion labels but rather characteristics. Fundamentaly *ALL* atheism
While it could happen that way, I don't believe it does.
Which is identical in meaning to:
While it could happen that way, I believe it doesn't.
Try to sell that spin-doctor bullshit to somebody else, and read a book on
basic logic.
Hence you are trying to prove that atheism is confused or ignored and as a
result is misundestood. I've got news for you, it isn't either. If anyone is
confused (and about to be ignored) it's yourself.
Thanks but I don't generaly exchange private mail with strangers.
You didn't understand a single word in that explanation of transcendance.
There are many(!) phenomena that occur in nature that are not transcendental
that we can't in principle or practice experience with our five senses. Take
your Machian view of reality somewhere else.
As to knowing if something matters or not, that is the fundamental issue
involved in the question:
Does God exist?
We're back to where we started.
Signing off.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 07:09:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Deliberately providing police incorrect information during an official
investigation is a crime. A person can answer the question truthfuly or else
they can refuse, lying is not an option. There is also the potential for
being charged as an accomplice.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 07:12:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Well Fred you and pjm can believe what you wish, I fully support it.
However, yourself, pjm, & Mr. Smith are claiming that a belief that
something doesn't exist isn't a belief is simply a tricky play on semantics.
A belief in a negative is still a belief irrespective of how many people
believe it. Might doesn't make right (or logical).
As I've demonstrated before (and for the last time):
^(A) = (^A)
Argue all you want,
Yet it moves.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 08:04:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Faith, logic, language, & history... 
Some have posited that the traditional way of looking at religion, logic,
and culture is false and that in fact a new methodology of examination has
been found.
What is happening is that some faction has decided to abandon 5000+ years of
human social and religous culture in favor of a new set of definitions.
These definitions use the traditional terminology in a new manner and in
addition invoke an alternate understanding of basic logic (ie 1st Order
Predicate Calculus).
To date no proof or demonstration, only an oft repeated claim, has been
forthcoming to demonstrate the short-fall in the traditional approach.
While the issues based on faith are clearly outside the purvue of rational
proof the invocation of alternate logics to back them up is not.
It falls on the current cadre of supporters to demonstrate two things:
1.  The shortfall in comprehension or understanding that occurs with the
    traditional approach
2.  How the new system addresses these shortcoming succsfully.
In short, if these folks really want us to believe their assertion:
^(A) <> (^A)
Then they need to demonstrate why De Morgans Law and other derivations of
this logical axiom are incorrect and how this alternate inversion identity
corrects these failures.
*IF* this can be accomplished then the remainder of their argument has some
basis in consideration.
The catch they don't seem to have seen is that when one inokes an empirical
philosophy in the support of a faith based philosophy it is done at the
behest and within the guidelines of the empirical philosophy. To do
otherwise is to change the rules in the middle of the game.
How many people believe it is irrelevant, how many books are written is
irrelevant. All that matters is demonstrating the proof within the boundary
conditions. It is not an issue of personality or popularity.
Myself, I don't believe they can do it. Computers work, crypto works, man
got to the moon, medicine works, airplanes fly, etc., etc., etc.
As the saying goes, the proof is in the pudding. It's time these folks got
their butts in the kitchen.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 17:19:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
As far as ones convictions and intestinal fortitude will take them.
Simply tell them you won't answer any of their questions, you'd like to make
your phone call *now*, and you want to see a judge *now*.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 17:53:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Prove it.
The f in your f() is redundant, but I can work with it.
Simply stating it over and over isn't proof.
We're doing Boolean Algebra here not Algebra, the rules for transitory
functions are different.
I'll even do you a favor and list the Boolean Laws and Theorems for you:
1)	X+0=X				X*1=X
2)	X+1=1				X*0=0
3)	X+X=X				X*X=X
4)	(X')'=X
5)	X+X'=X				X*X'=0
6)	X+Y=Y+X				X*Y=Y*X
7)	(X+Y)+Z=X+(Y+Z)			(XY)Z=X(YZ)=XYZ
8)	X(Y+Z)=XY+XZ			X+YZ=(X+Y)*(X+Z)
9)	XY+XY'=X			(X+Y)*(X+Y')=X
10)	X+XY=X				X(X+Y)=X
11)	(X+Y')Y=XY			XY'+Y=X+Y
12)	(X+Y+Z+...)'=X'Y'Z'...		(XYX...)'=X'+Y'+Z'+...
13)	[f(X1, X2, X3,...,0,1,+,*)]'= f(X1', X2', X3',...,1,0,*,+)
{The following two are called Duality Theorems, not important here}
14)	(X+Y+Z+...)^D = XYZ...		(XYZ...)^D=X+Y+Z+...
15)	[f(X1, X2, X3, ...,0,1,+,*)]^D=f(X1, X2, X3,...,1,0,*,+)
16)	XY+YZ+X'Z=XY+X'Z		(X+Y)*(Y+Z)*(X'+Z)=(X+Y)*(X'+Z)
17)	(X+Y)(X'+Z)=XZ+X'Y
The ones you and your dualist-atheism buddies are confused on are  & By  we have:
By  we have:
By  we have:
^f(X) = f(^X)
All are clearly contrary to your assertion.
Balls in your court junior.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 17:56:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What's this bullshit, eh?
I wonder how you propose to answer the question:
"Sir, exactly why are you typing that sentence into the computer at this
Now we have not only given them probably cause but clear evidence for a
prior intent to commit a crime. Even if your hard drive is clean they're
going to bust your ass.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 17:58:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Alone (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That depends Bob, can you bend over that far?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 17:59:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Alone (fwd) 
Hi Bob,
Sorry, nothing personal but with an opening like that I couldn't help
myself. Please forgive me.
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 18:03:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Next time somebody gets busted for possession with intent they need to make
reference to this case...
"But ladies and gentlemen of the jury, as our President has claimed and
clearly demonstrated by his remaining in office, for a person to be
convicted on a felony it has to be an important felony. The defence has not
proven that this felony has sufficient weight for prosecution. You have no
choice but to aquit my client."
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 18:23:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So, what has the issue of defining something got to do with its existance?
Is this bozo really claiming that God can only exist unless somebody thinks
him up? Sounds like religous hubris to me...
God was shinning on this asshole that he never had to argue face to face
with me at that age...
The spelling.
Agnosticism has *nothing* to do with scientific proof. It existed eons
before anyone even thought of the scientific method. Skepticism is a part of
human nature, not philosophy, beliefs, or science.
Atheism is saying that while God could exist he doesn't. In other words it
is the belief that God doesn't exist and can't be proven contrary. There is
a fundamental belief that all proofs are flawed.
Agnosticism is the inability to believe one way or the other. It could be
characterized by a total lack of faith in anything (assuming one doesn't
want to argue about the meaning of 'total' and 'anything'). What keeps
agnosticism appart from nearly all other beliefs is that it is really trying
to answer two question and not one (Does God exist?), they are:
1.	Does God exist?
2.	Do I believe the proof in 1.?
It is the embodyment of skeptiscism. The fact that most religions that
accept 1. accept 2. as a given is why they are hubric.
My own personal suspicion is he's going to ask you whether you lived your
beliefs even in the face of overwhelming opposition. As long as you say
"Yes" he's going to be a happy camper.
To borrow a Christian icon, he's going to want to know if you worshiped
false idols.
Since this doesn't particular avenue has little more to be said I'm going to
drop it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 18:42:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [short] Updated quote from Allan Rock (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It is further clear the police don't carry them for their own protection
either. Wonder why they do carry them?...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 19:48:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
How do you propose to do this? Via a BIOS setting?
How do you propose to prompt the user for the correct time to type?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 21:13:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That aspect is trivial from the mod-the-BIOS perspective, let's assume for a
moment that the crypto is in the ROM-burner...
Specificaly I am asking:
Given a BIOS which has been modified to allow the end-user to select between
encrypted and non-encrypted operation, how is the end-user supposed to
make this selection?
So far I've seen two suggestions:
1.	The BIOS is only 'sensitive' at particular points in the POST.
2.	The BIOS has a user-accessible selection via some method to
Both are workable, I'm looking for a more specific description of the
In the case of 1., is the marker going to be particular windows which are
bounded by particular messages printed to the boot console? In the case of
2. is it going to be a particular 'magic keystroke' that enables some hidden
option screen?
It seems to me that both have obvious methods of attack if the only goal is
to demonstrate to a legal standard that such capability exists.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 23:38:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ok, I'll take you up on it.
Pantheism - the belief that everything is divine,
            that God is not seperate but totaly
            identified with the cosmos, and that
            God does not possess personality or
            transcendence.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 23:49:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
And just exactly how do you propose to spread this technology commercialy
without alerting at least some members of the constabulary of its existance?
Now if we are looking for a spin-loop in a POST that isn't there in a normal
BIOS then I would say simply use sig-analysis on the machine during POST.
You've got two options on labeling the BIOS. Either pick a ID that isn't a
legitimate BIOS id or else scam a legitimate version number. In either case
the police will have listings of the legitimate BIOS versions from the
The actual sig-analysis could probably be done with a standard AM radio as a
technology demonstration. Since a spin-loop in the POST is going to sound
much more consistent than the memory checks and hardware inits that take place.
Now on a commercial basis what I'd do is get the BIOS manufacturers to sell
me a copy of each of their legitimate BIOS'es and then create a library of
signal envelopes (similar to the library of ship sounds subs carry) and it
would be a trivial feat to build a detector that does a diff on the signal.
If it doesn't match they yank you out of line and ask you some tough
questions while a guy with some hardware savy, a BIOS listing, and a logic
analyzer builds a case against you.
No, I suspect you'll pull this off a few times and then they'll catch on,
assuming the NSA or DIA doesn't give them a jump start. My guess is they
already know how to do this sort of stuff and considering the budget being
spent on neutron scanners, gas sniffers, etc. the lifetime for this
technology won't be very long.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-21 23:55:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So you're proposal is not only to put the crypto in the BIOS but a set of
hardware device drivers to drive this port during boot but won't interfere
with regular OS device drivers?
That was an additional issue that I was going to bring up.
I suspect that in both cases it would be feasible to do, though you'd need
to use a special driver in Linux type OS'es to shadow the BIOS driver back
into the memory map.
The real issue with me about this whole scheme is the distribution
mechanism. It is just too shakey and porous not to allow LEA's to know about
it. If they can get a copy themselves then they have a perfect mechanism to
build a virus-scanner style of program to look for the appropriate
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 07:07:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Irrelevant, we're analysing the truth or falsity of a statement, that is
Boolean Algebra.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 07:14:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Peano Algebra and it's base theorem 
Peano Algebra's are based on the following:
If a unary predicate P holds for 0, and if P holds, together with an element
x, also for it's succesor x', then P  holds for all natural numbers.
The question under consideration is NOT an attempt to describe a language in
a Sigma structure/algebra/model. We are NOT trying to analyze the language
but rather a specific mathematical statement made IN that language.
They are not the same problem and hence Peano Algebra's do NOT apply.
Nice straw man, I had to drag a math book out to refresh what a Peano
Algebra was (don't think I've ever had to deal with one).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 07:16:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
The problem is this approach is detectible with a suitable 'virus scanner'
technology. Even if the encrypted folders and such don't appear in the file
system you have various other pieces of the processing agent that must sit
around on the drive and hence are open to signature attacks.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 07:18:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CHALLENGE response (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If you're going to take that tack then you need to invoke freedom of the
press and not freedom of speech.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 09:30:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Peano Algebra and it's base theorem (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It's taken word for word from VNR. Send 'em a letter.
The point is that we were discussing binary not integer mathematics.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 09:31:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Absolutely, though the fact that it's r/w'able is going to set some flags
off. Now if you can find somebody who makes R/W CD's that aren't blue,
green, yellow, etc. and instead the clear that is normaly expected you might
pull it off.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 09:33:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I like that one, talk about 'jury of their peers'...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 09:36:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's where we started, we're miles away and deep in the woods now....
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 09:37:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Which first assertion, his or mine? Youre quoting leaves me confused (not
that it is necessarily your fault...;).
One thing is clear, you can't mundge the base OS or else the catch is going
to be trivial.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 10:11:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CHALLENGE response (fwd) 
It didn't go over my head at all. What amazes me is that it took you this
long to figure out that one could munge signatures.
Um, I don't believe that is true. It may be the first time members of this
list have managed it.
No, it challenges basic assumptions regarding the importance of identity.
In no way does it effect the basic math of crypto, public or otherwise.
And people wonder why I don't sign my messages...
I've taken no issue with Toto or his ravings.
Have a nice day.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 10:18:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If we are discussing only the customs inspector doing a visual inspection
this will certainly work. It won't hold up to TEMPEST analysis where they fingerprint a known un-mod'ed unit and then compare that to yours. The
POST shouldn't change from laptop to laptop, irrespective of the filesystem
or OS that is actualy installed.
The point is that this is a weak approach with a variety of attacks open.
When one considers the amount of work required to collect BIOS'ed , reverse
engineer them (unless you got lots of mullah), develop the crypto,
develop the camouflage code, distribute the code, burn the ROM's, distribute
the ROM's, cost of suitable TEMPEST monitors, etc. the benefit seems
questionable at best.
Even if they can't crack it in may places (eg France) such actions would
be prosecutable in and of themselves.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 10:20:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You'll probably not want it to stop, simpy wait a few seconds. Also, if
the passphrase is incorrect you'll not want to issue any error messages.
Stopping the boot may be a good indication of a problem.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 10:23:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's the rub, in transcendental religions with this as a proviso it
becomes impossible to even talk about God, he transcends the natural world
and escapes any hope of comprehension other than a simple label.
In effect transcendental religions have defined themselves into a circle.
They define God as something undefinable and then claim that anyone who
counters their beliefs is at fault because they can't define God.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 11:05:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It occured to me that it might be feasible to ship such devices seperately
via Fed-Ex or whatever. The question becomes, what do such countries as
Great Britian plan for materials crossing their borders in this manner? Are
they going to search each package and examine its contents? What does this
mean for Dell and their ilk? The ramifications of this aspect are of some
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 12:18:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
So hide the keyscan in the memory counter code. Would work externaly, would
probably not show up on TEMPEST. Since both the keyscan and the memory scan
are repetitive TEMPEST might have a problem telling them apart. Provided you
could get the keyscan in the same footprint as the mem check the BIOS
would not show up as anomolous in size. As long as they're not running
around doing checksums you'd be ok (I suspect).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 14:11:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
We're not discussin stego, we're discussing hidden disk partitions, not
hiding data in the lsb of of existing observable disk partitions or
something similar.
Considering the cost of such a scanner (a few $10k/ea.) and assuming such
masking technology were to become commen place I doubt if very many
customs checkpoints at major transfer hubs wouldn't have them.
I suspect it would be several k actualy since it is going to have to
include the encryption code, device drivers, wedgers, etc.
A disassembler isn't a a debugger. All a disassembler does is convert the
hex to symbols (see frankenstein for an excellent design).
So much for your few hundred bytes.
Um, usualy they support wedging via a jump table. This means that not only do you still have the original code you wedged out but you have the new
code you've wedged in. A 2x penalty.
Nobody says it can't be done.
With only a few dozen BIOS'es driving the whole kit and kaboodle.
They're new, they will learn from their mistakes and it won't take long.
After all, they have your tax dollars to use...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 14:24:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
When you're at that level you don't carry the data across the line you get some Johnnie Mnemonic to do it for you or put it in a diplomatic pouch...
Consider that at any given time there are only a few hundred BIOS'es, made
from a few dozen base images, driving all the machines out there. The number
of companies that develop their own BIOS in toto for in-house products is next
to nil (I know of none). What they do is buy a license and then re-write the
sections they need to.
The TEMPEST signal will be effected by speed, I see no reason to suspect
that it's going to be processor dependant. Since the code gets executed
in the same sequence in these shared BIOS there is going to be a shared
footprint, which may get squeezed because of increased clock speed. Measuring
that footprint at ranges of inches is nowhere near as expensive as trying to
catch a monitor image from a block away.
If you store those few thousand footprints and do a compare any bozo can
in fact run the machine. Just sit and watch to see if the red light comes
on and call your supervisor.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 17:43:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Some do, some don't. A lot of new machines resolve those issues in the BIOS
with a setting that allows you to choose between a couple of options at
Maybe, the fact that you've added an extra block of code in there to check
for the additional keystroke would cause the cycle length of that section of
ML to be slightly longer, probably no more than 30 - 40 clock cycles. If
you're looking at the EM radiation that lengthening could show up.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 18:26:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: respect due to anonymous (Re: CHALLENGE response (fwd)) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What he did is respectable. Is he the first? I doubt it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 19:21:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (99% noise) Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Ok, so I went and looked. That particular page covers ONLY Award and AMI
BIOS's. Every one of those *thousands* of machines have a BIOS which is
about 90% cherry and built from only a few dozen base builds.
It actualy supports my premise that despite the thousands of machines the
base BIOS images that drive them are really not that large.
And everyone one of them available publicly. You seriously think it's harder
to keep up with the number of BIOS'es out there than say tracking the
number of international phone calls in a year?
Not if it is only one or two, if it becomes a serious issue you bet they'll
do it in a heartbeat.
Your absolutely correct, they are paranoid.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 20:55:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, again, they only have to scan the BIOS types and there are only a couple
thousand (if that many) of those. It really isn't that complicated, there are
only a few cpu's, there are only a few glue chip sets, only a few video driver
chip sets, only a few LCD panels, etc. Admitted when multiplied together
there are a lot of combinations. Now the board manufacturers, the BIOS
manufacturers, and the various glue chipset makers get together and share
data and the manufacturers look to their marketing to define their target
point. Then they do a cost analysis on the chipset combo's and pretty soon you find the market only handles a handful of fundamentaly different
If there was as much variety at the hardware level as you assume nobody
could afford to introduce new computers every few months.
No it isn't. All it takes to get the BIOS before it hits the market is get a
license agreement with the BIOS manufacturer. Hell, when I worked at
Compu-Add we did this sort of stuff with Award and Phoenix all the time. We
would get alpha copies to test in our new hardware on a regular basis.
And the code in the BIOS which means it needs to be hidden just like some Realisticaly it isn't this complicated. All one needs to do is write a
program that allows the operator to talk directly to the hard drive
controller. At that point it's a trivial matter to go out and find those
hidden partitions. You could use normal drive recovery software if you had a
mind, and that only costs a few hundred to a few thousand dollars and can be
bought in the back of Computer Shopper.
Don't bother, I already know how to do that.
This would stand out like a sore thumb.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-22 23:07:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Speaking of political consims - Land of the Free (fwd) [fun] 
Forwarded message:
Mailing-List: contact consim-l-help at net.uni-c.dk; run by ezmlm
Reply-To: consim-l at net.uni-c.dk
Delivered-To: mailing list consim-l at net.uni-c.dk
Actually Justin Thyme has been doing these games for years with our
player teams at conventions, but without computers.
Tracy Johnson
tmj at primenet.com

@_date: 1998-09-22 23:30:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
Take what you can get and run like hell with it!
I hadn't even thought of the potential for yellow snow rides...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 09:43:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
How do you propose to start this hardware emulator when it's boot file isn't
on their boot floppy?
And you think customs agents using software and TEMPEST signature scanning
is out in the woods....
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 10:10:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That's a rationale for doing TEMPEST scanning I hadn't thought of. Since it
is time consuming and takes special training (which means higher personel
budgets that don't amortise over time like hardware) to operate a floppy
scanner and interpet the results there are budget forces involved.
A box with a flat top and a funny looking cage on top that a agent could use thusly:
"Sir would you please place your laptop on the tray and turn it on?..."
It becomes possible to scan for sureptitous clock devices (their tick, tick,
tick in the EM), mod'ed hardware, and software.
Follow this with a gas spectrograph and a x-ray and you'd have the vast
majority of bases covered.
Since most countries require production equivalent models to undergo testing
(eg FCC EM emissions) it wouldn't be that much of a budget increase on that
end either.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 10:12:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why lying under oath is bad and worth impeachment [fwd] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 10:14:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Other ways to mod the BIOS... 
There is also the potential to mod the BIOS in a hot environment.
Shadow the BIOS to RAM, use a program on your hard-drive that mod's that
image and does a soft-reboot so the BIOS image is unaffected (since we're
mod'ing the BIOS image why do it half-assed) and suddenly your 'hidden'
whatever is sitting there.
You could do it while the system is online even if you're careful not
to mod anything but the BIOS image.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 18:10:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inquiry (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 19:11:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Invading Switzerland in WW2, pro and con (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 21:32:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Jury duty considered harmful, or at least rare (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Not in the days of computerized records it isn't.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 21:48:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Microgov't: Old Red Tape Looks Good in Comparison (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. [other related material deleted for space]
That's what amendnments or for.
I believe there is already a clause that stipulates that *any* material
taken for public use *must* be paid for. There is no latitude for how the
person got it.
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.     ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-23 21:50:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: From Spyking: DNA Technology (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is exactly why we won't see this become standard practice in the
majority of cases, the expense of guaranteeing the evidence trail.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-24 07:15:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Smoke a spammers phone bill...try it, it's their quarter 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-26 10:51:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Test [No Reply] 
Test [No Reply]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-27 11:47:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Test [no reply] (should be last one) 
Test [no reply]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-27 20:58:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GNUcash [/.] 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 12:07:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GNUcash [/.] 
Hi Lazlo,
The reason it's important is that it provides that seamless interface that
everyone is looking for to impliment digi-cash mechanism in a GPL'ed
environment. It would even be a good starting point for implimenting a
mechanism to broaden the use of encryption (ala PGP).
Note, I just supply the pointers *you* have to do the thinking.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 15:34:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
There are quite a few commercial apps built for the GNU environment,
Wordperfect, Applixware, at least 2 X-window environments, etc.
The way to program for the GNU license in the commercial world is not to
use the libraries and such directly but rather built the necessary stubs
into the GPL code. That they'll be there when you (and potentialy others
might need them).
In the case of GNU/cash for example the trick is not to build the crypt into
the app but rather built the necessary *general* stubs in that allow access
to the data flow. Then a user can put a mulitplicity of packages onto the
appropriate stubs as they desire. This would allow a couple of individuals
for example to build a micro-e$ system to track their CD trades/borrows or
whatever (contrived but exemplary). This could be applied in more commercial
ventures within the context of e$ tokens that could be used within that
business for purchases (pawn shops, video arcades, movie rentals, etc.
might find this useful) that are currently physical token or credit based.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 17:27:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction 
It has been asserted that the use of GNU code within a project causes that
product to be GPL'ed and as a result the GPL is not commercialy viable.
This is an incorrect interpretation.
The GPL does say that if you use GPL'ed code in your project then the
project is GPL'ed, it does NOT say that if you make function calls into a
GPL'ed library that the product is GPL'ed. This distinction makes fully
commercial and source-secure products within the GPL infrastructure possible
and feasible.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 19:07:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I'm suggesting both are usable for commercial code development, just don't
put GPL'ed source code in your source code. There is NO limitation of the
GPL or the LGPL that prevents a commercial product from making calls into
the GPL'ed library.
The problem with your interpretation is that in a sense you want your cake and
eat it too. In short you want to be able to use somebody elses code in your
product without their having a say in how their code is used or receiving a
cut of the profits. The GPL/LGPL is specificaly designed to prevent this.
If you use their code (not the binaries, though you will be required to
provide source to those binaries if you distribute it with your product
though this won't include the binaries to your commercial product) then
you must release your code - an extension of derivation.
If you desire to produce commercial secure-source code compatible with a GPL license then simply don't ship *any* GPL with your product and use no GPL
source or LGPL'ed library in source form in that product.
The point to the L/GPL is not to prevent commercial code development but
rather to prevent somebody from taking a library some programmer written and
released for non-commercial (a distinction not permited under public domain)
use while retaining control over that source so that if somebody, like
yourself, bops along and decides they can make a million with it the
original programmer gets a cut or you loose your million.
How does the original programmer get a cut? Simple, the commercial entity
contacts the programmer and licenses a non-GPL'ed version of the library.
Bottem line, don't steal other peoples code to make money without paying
them for their effort. It's that simple.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 20:11:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cypherpunk license: PLEASE STEAL ME (Re: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Actualy this situation is specificaly addressed in the LGPL in regards
header files and how they are the gray area in all this and probably
indefensible in a court (it says this in the LGPL go look...
As programmers this is what we want after all, the API to be described so we
can replace those proprietary libraries and programs if we desire.
Actualy you missed the obvious way to distribute commercial code and the
(L)GPL will protect your propietary work....
In both licenses it is very specific in noting that a L/GPL'ed work that is
subsumed in another causes that work to become L/GPL'ed by default. It
further notes that there is NO implication that the use of commercial
code/libraries in a L/GPL'ed work can be construed to L/GPL that proprietary
How I do jobs for my customers is that I develop my programs and libraries I
want to protect via copyright and then distribute them with a set of scripts
and makefiles that during install build the end product. So the end user can
enjoy the privileges of the L/GPL'ed code (ie can fix bugs and relink the
libraries to their hearts content) and I protect my work. The catch is to
make sure the makefiles and scripts are L/GPL'ed. You could even include gcc
or egc on the distribution medium and use it to compile the resultant
without worrying about your commercial code being subsumed. It is quite
commen today for commercial houses to use gcc/egc to develop and distribute
fully commercial code, the catch is that none of the end resultant code can
come from L/GPL'ed sources.
This harks back to my comment earlier today about the GNU/cash system being
a perfect medium for the implimentation of crypto/e$ protocols. The catch is
that you have to be willing to give up your claims to the stubs that must be
placed in the L/GPL'ed product. If you can get away with using named pipes
as buffers and T's then it becomes reasonably trivial to create a situation
where one can inject non-L/GPL'ed code into the stream without the
functional code so injected falling under the L/GPL.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 20:44:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Copyright may limit Internet (w/o encryption) [CNN] 
Forwarded message:
[text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 21:09:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NSA on TDC.... 
There is a show on TDC right now (21:09 Ctl.) on the NSA. Has some
interesting shots of their CRITIC center as well as a brief discussion of
their computing resources.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 21:48:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cypherpunk license: PLEASE STEAL ME (Re: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
GPL and LGPL both support fully this model of commercial use of L/GPL'ed
I find most commercial people lack imagination, though they make up for it
with a desire for money.
There would be no significant problem if you include the necessary stubs and
make them L/GPL'ed. By both the L/GPL the use of 3rd party code (L/GPL'ed,
PD, or proprietary) hanging off those stubs would NOT be L/GPL'ed.
There is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING in the L/GPL that prevents me from selling such
code at whatever price I can manage to charge for it, I could even change it
significantly. I, however, MUST include the source code or provide it for a
reasonable fee if requested by the end user. Your point is irrelevant.
Now if I try to sell it as (my) *copyrighted* code then I'm in for a world of
hurt and justifiably so. This, again, desire to take advantage of others
work is the hallmark of thieves and marketing droids (if there is a
difference between the two).
Will be nil. The L/GPL themselves clearly state they don't override previous
copyrights of material that might be used with L/GPL'ed products. That L/GPL
subsumption ONLY applies to code that is built using L/GPL'ed source. In
other words for the L/GPL to be inovked on your code requires that you use
somebodies elses L/GPL'ed code in (NOT with) your code.
This is clearly understood by businesses that do use gcc/egc in that they
use no libraries, headers, etc. from L/GPL sources, develop them in-house or
buy them from 3rd parties. They only use the compiler/linker/tools to get
hooked together.
The goal of the L/GPL is NOT to stop commercial programming, it is to return
to the end user a level of control and understanding (at least in principle)
so they may build a system to do what they want and not some marketing droid
at a multi-national.
This is NO hack, it is specificaly detailed in the L/GPL as a legitimate use
of such licensed code.
No, it suggests they should make the API definition available. As to it
being useful, it is critical to the long term stability of systems and the
continued development of imaginative software.
Only if you don't understand the L/GPL.
No, the best thing to do is build your copyrighted libraries and release the
API's via headerfiles or whatever in the GPL'ed code.
No, they're not because in PD you loose ALL control of your code and if
somebody else uses it in a commercial app or not then you're pretty much
screwed as they laugh their asses off on the way to the bank.
Considering the extend of BSD that would be the last choice of an OS that I
would bank my business on.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 22:04:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks defeat? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I haven't seen that in 10 years or more. I doubt that anyone will find this
approach very widely.
You don't know big corporations very well do you.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 23:33:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks defeat? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
What in the world do you mean 'cheap sources'?
I doubt I'm paying too much for my hardware.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-28 23:53:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks defeat? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This would argue that what is needed is a distributed server-less protocol.
A peer-to-peer mechanism with a local arbitration mechanism.
Whatever that protocol is, it should take care of currency conversion
transparently. Perhaps the wrong approach has been taken from the get go. As
I understand the various approaches every one of the has worried about how
to get the users money transfered into digital tokens. What if we approach
it from the other end and ask:
How can one design a system which focuses on how a users token cache and
converting it to the appropriate currency as required can be realized Further, this mechanism should not rely on any centralized server or
arbitration mechanism while doing this specie conversion.
One potential mechanism (admittedly very roughly described) would be to let
each participant in a transaction to agree on the worth of those tokens and
not worry if Bob gets the same bank per token from Sam that he gets from
Sue. So how many tokens Bob gets from Sam each time Sam buys one of Bob's
used CD's wouldn't necessarily be the same number of tokens from Sue, even
though Bob charges the same amount to both Sam and Sue.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-29 08:02:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Only if you're the author or publisher and your goal is to watch your bank
account grow to exclusion of all else, everybody else gets screwed.
Prevents what, releasing commercial code within a L/GPL'ed context? No, it
doesn't. What it does do is *guarantee* that the customer has some chance of
understanding what his code does (it's called code review and is highly
regarded in crypto algorithm analysis circles) and makes sure the original
L/GPL'ed holder has a stake in any commercial ventures the *source* code is
used in.
I'd say that's a win-win for everyone except those who want something for
nothing so they can buy a new expensive do-dad.
I'll say it again, neither the GPL or the LGPL prevent fully commercial
code development. *HOWEVER* to do that within the context *requires* that
the API to your commercial applications be released and available. This is a
good thing. The only objection to releasing an API is to stifle competition,
*THAT* is a bad thing.
The idea from a free-market perspective:
The idea is that while the actual source code is protectable the API is not
so that *fair* competition can be ensured. The whole free-market theory
must exist in a fairly competitive market. In the context of software that
means full and open API's so that alternate but compatible libraries can
exist and the consumer (not the manufacturer, the hallmark of a
competitively impoverished market) can decide which is the most reliable and
stable version.
Had Microsoft, for example, been required to publish their API's by the
market we wouldn't be spending all this effort and money on the current
proceedings. That would be a win-win for everyone (well except Bill who
probably wouldn't be worth a value equivalent to the holdings of 40+M US
citizens combined).
Anyone who objects to published API's is aware their code is trivial and not
worth it's price or their code is written poorly and easily improved upon.
Bottem line, if you believe in a free-market (which requires fair
competition to work and prevent monopolies) and object to releasing your
API's then you're a hypocrit.
Having your cake and eating it too *never* works, except in Wonderland.
There should be no objection to making oneself wealthy, but not at the
expense of others. Let the quality of your product define your reputation,
not your greed. Become the best supplier of niche code there is because the
code is well fast, failure tolerant, and reliable - not because you've
managed to squeeze all potential competitors out.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-29 08:20:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Army Plonks (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It's called milnet and it's been in existance ever since about '83. It
occured when ARPA became DARPA. I was working on a DoD project at UT Austin
at the time.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-29 12:22:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Jesus Christ on a stick. Take a fucking chill pill Adam.
That 'you' is the literary you, not you personaly. You (not the literary
you) should seriously consider counseling. Talk about hair-triggered.
If anybody is guilty of demanding people do it 'their way' it's you.
You really need to better understand this inability of yours to seperate
your self-worth as an individual from the ideas you espouse and supposedly
put out for public dialog.
Everybody has stupid idea, if you can't admit that then there's a problem
more serious than having stupid ideas. Everybody makes mistakes everyday,
and if you seriously think you don't then you have found your first mistake
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-29 15:36:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Might have been 82, find out when ARPA became DARPA and *only* worked on
defense related material. The distinction was one of administration and
not physical changes to anything other than some nameservers and routers.
When the change happened it meant that ARPA could no longer participate
as an equal with the NFS so they split the funding and administrative
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-29 22:43:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
This is bogus reasoning. If the API is released there is *more* motivation
for the original distributor to keep backward compatibility and bug-free. If
it isn't some pissed off set of programmers will write a replacement.
Furthermore the motivation to keep future compatibility is also increased.
You want quality code that is bullet-proof then release the API and let the
fittest survive.
If nothing else it's going to determine if your as bad-assed programmer as
you think you are.
If you release the API you'll find those midnight hacks go away, *not*
increase as you seem to be claiming. The history of quality over time of the
Open Software producers amply proves this.
Solaris, HP, BSD, NT, etc. *wish* they were as stable and popular as Linux.
Malarky. If you're data structures are that fragile then you need to go back
to the drawing board.
Free-market *requires* fair competition, don't blame that requirement on me
I had nothing to do with it. Free-market does not mean carte blanche as to
what manufacturers can do, it means there are no outside regulations
applied. It says *nothing* about internal regulation applied by either the
producer or the consumer.
If you are seriously saying that the only workable market scheme is to let
people cheat and steal from others (which is what poorly written and
unreliable code does) then you need to quit typing and starting thinking.
Malarky. Microsoft has so many hidden, undocumented, incomplete API's it
isn't even funny.
Subscribe to the MSDN?
I work for Tivoli in Austin as a Senior Software Verification Engineer. I
spend about 8-10 hours a day banging on software running on:
SunOS 4.x
Solaris 2.x
HP/UX 9.x
HP/UX 10.x
AIX 3.x
AIX 4.x
WinNT 4.0
WinNT 3.51
OS/2 3.x
OS/2 4.x
Novell 3.x
Novell 4.x
IRIX 4.x
IRIX 5.x
DG Unix
Digital Unix
networked via,
Token Ring
databases we support,
I've also worked on:
Linux (since 0.42)
It requires that I comprehend and write shell scripts, Perl, C, C++, REXX,
4TEST, CORBA IDL on these platforms. I started analog and digital electronics
in 1969, I started programming in BASIC/8 on a PDP 8/e in 1973. I built my
first 6800 based machines from the ground up in 1974 when I was a freshman in
high school. I've been employed in a hardware or software position since 1978
when I graduated high school. I've owned more different types of machines
than I care to remember. I've worked in a science museum building 40
exhibits over 7 years (2 of which are in the Smithsonian, 1 is at the
Exploratorium and 1 is at the Chicago Museum of Science and Technology,
and I worked on the IBM Leonardo exhibit.) and had the pleasure of running
their computer group for 5 of those years. I taught astronomy at the museum
for 3 years and explained exhibits to the visitors for 7 years. I've been
using MS Dos and Windows since the 1.0 days. I worked for the DoD building
non-Von Neumann computers (RTL architecture). I hold a NASA certification
(expired) for space rated soldering and mechanical assembly. I used to work
on cesium beam atomic clocks and LORAN-C equipment. I run my own custom
development business since 1984, and it's been on the internet since 1994
via ISDN. I've been running a BBS of some sort since '76 and had one
continously online since '83. I helped develop TurBoard the first NAPLPS
bbs software. I program in assembly on PDP/VAX 11, 6800, 6502, 8080, z80,
68k, 80x86, Sparc RISC, both types of POWER chips, & 8051.
My current assignment is to build an automated software test engine that
will test *all* the above OS'es with all the Tivoli products (are you
familiar with Tivoli?), with all the point-patches, maintenance releases,
and service packs installed in a user defined combinatorial environment.
Microsoft's API's suck rocks.
What do you do for a living?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-29 23:53:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Well I've used all three version. In particular after I got my current Sun
4/380 from the local CACTUS Unix user group I tried several variaties of BSD
on it and none of them have stayed up as long, had as many applications
available for them, or been easier to debug than Linux SPARC (and that is
behind x86 by a couple of generations - though that should change in the
immediate future). I also tried it on my Amiga 2000 when there wasn't a
working version of Linux for it. I've got like 5 different disk sets I've
tried over the last 3 years, thanks I'll stick with Linux SPARC. I've even
got an *old* version of BSD before they went with their current license scheme
that I used when I worked at Compu-Add from '91 through '92 in their POS
support department because one of our food chain customers liked the way
the box arched....:)
I have yet to see any BSD installation with a total uptime greater than 8-10
weeks whereas I've seen my *old* 1.1.59 Linux version (still running on
einstein.ssz.com at this very moment) stay up for over 6 months between
reboots (and even then it wasn't a requirement, the clock keeps wondering off
and by 6 months it's nearly 12 hours ahead).
I have no desire to get into a OS war, I currently use like 6 different
os'es at home - to each their own.
But to assuage your curiosity I prefer AmigaDOS and/or Plan 9 with Logo
for programming (now if I could only find a decent Logo compiler),
though Amoeba is starting to look pretty interesting. I'd use BeOS a lot
more if I thought for one second there was a real future for it, even though
I do try each release.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:03:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
A legal prohibition isn't a licensing restriction, it's a distribution
restriction. A license restriction defines who can use a product and
under what terms they may do so legaly, it doesn't address where they
may use it legaly.
If you tried to put a license restriction that said "can only be used in
the US" *then* you would be correct. It isn't the copyright holders choice
and therefore they're not responsible for it per se. Not to mention that
it would be very hard to support legaly.
A good example is I have a military book that says that you can only
possess the book in the US and Canada...try to enforce that one.
Were that the case Phil Z. would be sittin in a hoosgow right now.
Personaly, I like the idea of printing your source out and sending it to
HackTick for typing in and reposting. That wouldn't effect your initial
licensing restrictions and bypasses the restrictions handily.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 18:36:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
You haven't been reading this thread very closely have you?
Lot's of organizations and people are claiming it's unfair in their refusal
to use it based upon the conditions of code distribution.
"It's not fair, I can't make money off your work....."
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 18:36:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
If Microsofts actions were prohibitive and they didn't set out with specific
intentions of denying fair competition (there have been quite a few
documents and transcripts released that show this pre-meditated intent) then
it wouldn't need to.
The reality is that we don't live in a free-market, but rather a rather
lightly regulated one. Microsoft got a tad too greedy in fixing their
software so that specific competitors would not be able to use it, this in
itself may not be a crime. However it *does* deny the consumer the choice
and that most certainly is a crime.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 18:48:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Is the .to (Tonga) domain completely rogue and should be removed? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Intended by who? As far as I know there are no legal limitations on applying
for and receiving a domain from anywhere through the suitable authority.
There is most certainly zero law that regulates where the owners of those
domains may reside or operate.
Snark hunt.
I got nothing against nailing spammers, but simply being a sex related site
isn't a crime.
Irrelevant unless you own the right to administre the tonga domain.
Do you?
I vote *NO*.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 19:57:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: advertisement (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I called and requested they take all ssz.com addresses from all their lists.
I also passed the number along to quite a few anti-spammers. You really
should avail yourself of the opportunity to leave the gentleman a nice
considerate message.
As to having auto-mated removal, I didn't ask to be added so somebody want
to explain to me why I should do anything to stop receiving this traffic?
Seems to me the only ethical mechanism it auto-remove on first transmission
without a subscription request.
Computers are *supposed* to make our lives *easier*. Some folks seem to have
forgotten this.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 21:05:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No I don't. I can start a business for as little as $15 to register a DBA
and I don't need licenses or other sorts of regulatory permissions. If I
sell a product or service (some are exempt, check your local area) I'll need
a tax number to pay my state sales tax (though they do nothing to regulate
my business other than specify that I must pay x% of my sales to the
community). Getting that tax number is free. Outside of that (at least in
Texas) I'm ready to go.
Yep, that's a lot of regulation, no forms or permission slips from some
in loco parentis, no reports or annual fees.
No we shouldn't. The fact that monopolies can exist in this lightly
regulated economy is ample evidence that the non-regulated or free-market
theory is nothing more than another pie-in-the-sky utopian dream.
Unrealistic and unrealizable.
If you seriously think this is a heavily regulated market you should do more
research into such places as Nazi Germany, Russia, China, etc.
Monopolies are monopolies, claiming that they will be less abusive in a
regulated market than in a free-market just demonstrates a lack of
understanding of basic human instincts.
You are claiming that if we do away with the food regulations that McDonalds
will be *more* concerned about their meat being cooked thoroughly then you
obviously don't understand people who chase the bottem line to the exclusion
of all else.
If a market monopolizes there is *NO* competition. If the market is one that
takes a large investment in intellectual or capital materials then there
won't be any opportunity to even attempt to start a competitive venture.
Fairness is about the consumer, not the manufacturer. This misunderstanding
(if not intentional misdirection) by free-market mavens is at least one
indication why it won't work.
Contractual with who?
Businesses are neither alive nor do they enjoy liberty. Don't confuse people
with systems and objects.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 21:09:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No Netscape on NT or 95/98 is no where near as stable as on a Linux or
Solaris box (the two that I use most). I can't go 24 hours on my NT for
example without Netscape hanging for some mysterious reason whereas I've
run Netscape (even on my HP 10.10) for days without a hang and those
mysterious pauses it's so famous for.
Yep, that explains why my NT's have to be rebooted almost daily because of
various issues and my various unix boxes go for weeks....yep, that's more
stable all right.
How do you figure Win98 gives me more value for my money? I buy Win98 for
$100 or so, have to have gobs of memory and a damned fast processor to even
come close to the alternate OS'es.
And just as many bugs.
Only becuase they intentionly go after the smaller companies and create
various issues (eg the DrDos intentional break) that nearly guarantee that
smaller firms are out before they even start.
You have a penchant for random wandering....
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 21:11:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (and vague ideas for additions) (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It does not prevent GPL'ed code from using proprietary licenses, it only
prevents companies from using GPL'ed code without first obtaining a non-GPL
licence from the original author of the code (who should deservedly get a
cut of the cash).
Re-use *without* prior permission of the author and copyright holder,
be accurate.
[other stuff deleated]
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-09-30 21:51:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Data Haven mailing list is active again... 
Welcome to the Data Haven Mailing List
This list was originaly created by Douglas Floyd in order to focus
discussion and development on Data Haven technology. In late 1998 The
Armadillo Group took the list over since it was related to several current
lists that we support.
A data haven is a system that integrates cryptography, electronic funds
transfer, long term data storage, anonymous remailers, and usenet style news
mechanisms. The idea is that any two or more parties can participate in
providing services and information in an anonymous environment that supports
cryptographicly secured transactions. There are several architectures though
the only known operating data haven was Black Net. This was an experiment by
Tim May which examined the potential of anonymous transactions related to
sensitive information and potentialy illegal activities via usenet. It was
demonstrated successfuly.
If you would like to subscribe send majordomo at ssz.com a message with a blank
title and the body consisting of only:
subscribe dh-l
You should recieve a verification email and subsequent traffic. We hope to
provide a archive of the lists traffic, though there really hasn't been a
lot of it.
If you are interested in this sort of technology then consider subscribing
to one of the cypherpks CDR nodes as well as other more specialized lists.
The cypherpunks are focused on cryptography and its implimentation and
disimination, economic uses and impact of technology, and civil liberties.
It is a *VERY* high traffic international mailing list.
If you should have any problems please e-mail list at ssz.com for further help.

@_date: 1998-09-30 22:09:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Forwarded message:
Some cars now use a smart-key that is unique for each vehicle, though I'm
sure there are 'master keys'.
What a cool way to do rental cars.... insert your smart-card and it
activates and charges your account until reset by the rental agency on
return to a distributed system of drop-off points.
I noticed the other day we now have a washateria down on Guadalupe in the
old Antone's Club building that operates only by smart-card, no cash sign
right on the front door. There's a perfect application for something like
GNU/cash with a crypto/e$ module.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 07:41:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... 
In regards the discussion about regulation and industry. I can think of only
one industry that was regulated before the very first company opened their
doors for business....nuclear power plants.
Personaly, 3 Mile Island in a un-regulated industry scares the hell out of
me...and I support nuclear power. Look at the fiasco of Chernobyl in a
control market.
I'd like to hear from any free market mavens who might want to use the
nuclear industry as an example of how things could be so much better with no
regulation regarding construction, operation, or waste disposal.
"Hey Sammy, just through those spent pellets in with the trash, those stupid
trash people don't know nothing...."
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 07:41:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I'd say the obvious one, the Unix code tree is more stable than the MS tree.
As I have, but at nowhere near the load level that Unixes can support.
To get even near-mark performance requires larger hard drives, faster
processors, and way more ram (2x or more in many cases).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 07:47:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
No, being a single proprietorship isn't stupid. It may not be something you
like but it isn't stupid. I will agree that depending on the size and type
of business it isn't always the best way, but then being a multi-national
incorporation isn't the best way to do local contract work for SOHO's (for
example) either.
As long as it's only two I don't have to worry about federal regulations and
such, they only kick in when I hire 3 or more.
Hand them their 1099's and they're out the door. I just pay them whatever I
agreed (gross before taxes) and the 1099 is *their* promise to deal with the
Sign a lease and wallah.
All I need for that is a DBA, can even open bank accounts and get credit
cards in the company name with nothing but a DL and that DBA.
As a single proprietorship I do my taxes the same old way I always did them
except I must include the SE documents which only add a few pages. If I do
the contract work via 1099's (which says that the contractor is responsbile
for the taxes on that income) all I have to show is the gross amount paid to
that contract person.
No, it wouldn't. For example I do contract work for small office - home
office companies (generaly 10 or less employees total). I write software,
install software, train, repair hardware, do upgrades, etc. and there are
literaly NO regulations at any level on those activities outside those
imposed by 1099's for sub-contractors (who work their own hours and must
provide their own tools) and the contract I and the customer agree to.
If I buy something for a customer I pass the receipt along to them and get
reimbursed for my time (on a seperate receipt) and the exact amount for the
items purchased (I am acting as their agent and not a reseller) so I don't
even need a tax number technicaly (since I don't pay state sales tax on
labor costs and am not selling them the items purchased). All I need is a
$15 DBA and a bunch of blank 1099's.
Why do cities and states require licenses on such things as air conditioning
or auto mechanics? Because for years there were no licenses required and
anybody could do it. After enough decades of scam artists, poorly run
business who cost customers money because they went out of business without
doing the work, or they did sub-standard (as defined by the practitioners of
that activity) work.
I challenge you to find an example where a state or federal regulation was
imposed before the industry matured.
No, monopolies exist because people are greedy and want to own everything.
History is full of examples where industries were unregulated (ever read
Upton Sinclair?) and abused the employees and the market and as a result
regulation was imposed. It's interesting that free-market mavens never seem
to mention that the vast majority of monopoly examples occured *before*
industry regulation was imposed.
Even in the Microsoft case, it's only now that they've grown so big and
become so porous about information that the government has stepped in and
begun asking "has the industry matured to the point where continued
non-regulation is a detriment because it allows hording of industry
Even if we were to de-regulate the clothing industry for example it is
highly unlikely that child labor and sweat shops would become less
prevalent. Of course I'd like to see your evidence to the contrary.
"Those who don't understand history are doomed to repeat it"
                                       Santyana
A regulated market is something that has regulation imposed from the
outside (ie besides the supplier and consumer). There are certainly
different kinds of regulated economies just like there are different kinds
of mammals. But to say that Zebra's aren't mammals because they don't look
like an Aardvark is a dis-serivice.
You, and every other free-market maven, have yet to demonstrate with
historical example that free-market works.
Tell that to the rail-roads of the mid to late 1800's, the meat packing
industry of the late 1800's and early 1900's. The sweat houses of the
garment industry since the early 1800's, etc.
No sir, history doesn't support your proposition at all.
See above examples. Hell, take a look at the wet pet food market now for a
perfect example of why non-regulation is a bad thing and why liability and
other such buzz words don't work in the real world. And you were wondering
why your little toodles was loosing her hair, was always excited and
aggitated and has the health of a pet 3-4 years older than the chronological
Bottem line, in a free market (no regulation other than consumer and
supplier) there are no controlling mechanisms and no recourse for the
consumer because they have nothing to demonstrate even an implied warranty
or liability of manufacturer (read software licenses to see how this can be
side stepped easily, hint: imagine a software license on the side of a can
of beans.).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 09:13:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: crypto on /. 
Forwarded message:
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 13:11:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
My original quote:
Partial quote of Tim:
Ok. I agree that over-regulation is bad. CCCP, China, Cuba, etc. are clear
examples of how over-regulation is a failure.
However, my question was to defend the free-market position that *no*
regulation provides an improved environment for (in this case) reactor
Apples and oranges...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 14:32:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
As was pointed out it does rain out there. Though there is a more insidious
issue that makes such attempts worthless.
Here's how it works...
Humidity in the air settles on the materials. Because of the daily
temperature extremes the expansion of this water causes the materials to
break into very small particles. The wind comes along and transports these
particles downwind.
I'll leave the rest to your imagination and a couple of hours with a geology
text on erosion.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 14:51:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rain in Death Valley (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Let me say one word....
Enjoy drinking the runoff.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-10-01 14:53:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
That is the point after all.
I'll beg to differ with you.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                            The seeker is a finder.
                                     Ancient Persian Proverb
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-01 16:11:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BOUNCE hell@einstein.ssz.com:    Non-member submission from ["Gregory G. Foster" <gregf@navigo.com>]    (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Received: from  ([216.30.16.18])
Received: from navigo.com (cs2748-191.austin.rr.com [24.27.48.191])
Organization: Navigo
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.73 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en,pdf
        The Club Inferno ,
        "Russell, Debbie" ,
        "Davis, Christopher" ,
        "Horton, Jeff" ,
        "Goertz, Ryan" ,
        "Clancy-Goertz, Donna" ,
        "Lofgren, Chris" ,
        "Hunter, Basel" ,
        "O'Hare, Sheilagh"

@_date: 2000-12-03 23:50:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Physical Meet: Austin, Tx. Tue. Dec. 12 2000, 7-9pm 
Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2000
Austin Cypherpunks Monthly Physical Meeting
Central Market HEB Cafe
38th & N. Lamar
2nd. Tuesday of each month
We normaly meet outside at the tables unless the weather is bad. Look for
the red covered 'Applied Cryptography' book to identify the group. Please
visit the homepage for information on joining both the Cypherpunks
Distributed Remailer (CDR) as well as the local mailing list.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-04 17:01:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Computer logs 
FindLaw doesn't show anything for 'computer logs'.
Other than destroying them because they are evidence of a crime I am not
aware of anything that might require anyone to keep them. There certainly
wasn't any sort of requirement for folks like myself at the time of the CJ
trial to keep records for any length of time.
The flip side is that if you go around destroying all your logs as they
are made the security of your system comes into question.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-04 17:15:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: persuasive speeches 
"How to choose persuasive speech topics".
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-04 21:00:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Computer logs 
Actually it's not. It completely misrepresents the initial statement that
law in the US requires logs to be kept. It doesn't. A court may order it
but that's another matter all together.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 07:18:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Antigen found W32/Hybris@m virus (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
Antigen for Exchange found dwarf4you.exe infected with W32/Hybris at m virus.
The file is currently Deleted.  The message, " Snowhite and the Seven Dwarfs
- The REAL story!", was
sent from Hahaha  and was discovered in IMC Queues\Inbound
located at ITC/Corporate/EXCHANGE.

@_date: 2000-12-05 07:18:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Antigen found W32/Hybris-B virus (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
Antigen for Exchange found dwarf4you.exe infected with W32/Hybris-B virus.
The file is currently Deleted.  The message, "CDR: Snowhite and the Seven
Dwarfs - The REAL story!", was
sent from Hahaha  and was discovered in IMC Queues\Inbound
located at Cognex/Natick/BAMBI.

@_date: 2000-12-05 07:26:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quantum Dot advance on /. 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 07:36:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
There is an article over on Drudge's site. The quote with respect to 5
year retention was supposedly made by the US Justice Dept.
Wonder what they were refering too...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 17:46:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
Actually your cite is the wrong one. It has nothing to do with a court
issuance. There has never been a question in that regard. As I said in a
earlier note, destruction of evidence is a crime which is well covered. As
soon as you have any reason to believe it's evidence (actually whether a
cop or other agent advises you of such or not) it becomes illegal for you
to alter or destroy it. Tampering with evidence is a crime and always has
But back to the point,
It's called CALEA. It's one of the requirement when one becomes a 'commen
carrier'. It's also worth noting that it applies to network providers who
provide 'significant' telephone services through their network (can you
say PBX? I thought so).
I'd send the actual page but Timmy might have a CVA. There's a reference
to the CALEA standard at the bottem of the last URL I sent out.
So, what we actually have is the DoJ participating in a strawman,
basically saying that since they can require 'commen carriers' to keep
logs then extending that to everyone isn't that big of a deal.
It actually is.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 17:49:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
Except it isn't the correct one.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 18:28:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
What law?
Actually if you go look at the bottem of that news piece you'll find a
direct reference to CALEA (which I might add says nothing about log
retention for 'commen carrier' or otherwise).
I'd still like somebody to explain what law was in reference with respect
to requiring log retention for any period, irrespective of how old the law
Note, this has NOTHING to do with a court order or request from a LEA and
at no point in that article was that claimed.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 18:31:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
No John, that is not my claim. You wish it were I bet. You need to adjust
your meds again.
The destruction of property or materials which are evidence of a crime is
itself a crime if done intentionally to cover up that crime.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 20:13:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention  
Actually all you have to prove is it existed, say you find a body with a
big hole that was caused by a gun. Hiding/destroying the gun down would be
a crime at that point. If they could prove that you did the crime through
other means, and that the crime was commited with a gun (which follows you
had the gun at one time) then they could nail your slimey ass to the wall
without ever laying hands on the gun.
Similarly, grinding off s/n's, wiping disks (which your statement above
would qualify as evidence), etc. to modify or otherwise alter the evidence
would also be criminal.
It's even a crime to destroy evidence in a civil (ie non-criminal) case.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 20:28:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
Which doesn't help, there are issues related to key control and exchange
that are not resolved. It further can be used as evidence against you if
you are committing a crime, it is used to raise the sentence. It may be
possible that you simply exchanging email (encryption speaks to
premeditation which also raises the stakes) with another party is enough
to tie you to the crime and find you guilty on other grounds.
I hope you enjoy cooked goose.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 21:47:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Destroying evidence (was "About 5yr. log retention") 
I think it would depend on circumstances. For something like this to be
taken seriously there would have to be other evidence of hacking. In
addition, remember that by now they've probably got your line tapped so
they'd have a sniffer copy of the hackers attack (assuming there was one).
Of course you could go otherwhere and attempt an attack yourself as an
alibi. You could probably wrap strategies like this one inside the other.
They would certainly tax patience and resources if done expertly.
Especially if one had some anonymous remailer/proxies thrown in the mix.
How I'd use this particular point would be from the police perspective.
I'd turn an associate and have them send an incriminating email,
testifying to same. Say wanting to buy a quantity of drugs. The LEA's
would of course have a sniffer log of that packet going into your machine.
When they arrested you they would then look in your machine and if it was
gone they could then demonstrate you destroyed evidence. This of course
also breaks the standard 'encrypt using PGP' point as well. In that case
the exchange of keys would demonstrate intent.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-05 22:57:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Data Logs 
Agreed, but also irrelevant.
This makes them more dangerous and likely to be the center of controversy.
As to altering bits, depends on what bits where you are talking off. Not
all bits are equal.
I believe the long term (say 100 to 250 years) will be elimination of
copyright, trademark, and IP in general. It will be the consequence of a
growing 'Yeah, but what have you done for me today?' attitude. I believe
the Open Source movement is one component.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-06 07:19:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Destroying evidence (was "About 5yr. log retention") 
No, that won't work either. Simple publishing is no cover at all. Evidence
doesn't have to be secret to be evidence. Even public statements
(equivalent to publishing public keys) can be used against you.
If there is an exchange of encrypted data, that in and of itself is
sufficient to demonstrate communications. That is enough to demonstrate
intent and cooperation. Further, since the public keys are useless in and
of themselves for encryption without the private keys any exchange would
demonstrate that each party had access to the relevent private keys
mapped to the public keys.
It's possession of the private keys that will roast your goose.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-06 19:19:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
It's also worth mentioning that many city police departments put IR and
hi-res video around town. The Austin PD has several camera suites around
town. One is on the top of the police station and monitors 6th Street (the
major non-college hangout). Here in Austin we have bicycle cops who sit
around using NVG's to catch people urinating in public and throwing up
(public intoxication). There are at least a thousand video camera's on the
major highways and a handful of primary intersections. Then there are
private camera's as well. I have a friend who has 4 channels at 5fpm on a
'secret' webpage that surround his house. And just about every business
you go into has video gear, some pointed out the door. It's amazing if you
walk around looking for this stuff and keep a list. Anyone doing anything
that might attract uniformed attention should be going the major Ninja
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-06 19:33:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
Yeah, and it matches exactly what I said. It takes a court order, where
is the law that doesn't take a court order, that makes this mandatory all the time?. This is what what the Europeans are talking about. They are
talking about making it mandatory to keep all logs all the time. This is a
big difference. The US representative is saying that the distinction
between requiring me as a system operator to cooperate with the law via
court orders and such or requiring me to keep my logs all the time is a
small difference.
Maybe you can't get it, but it is a HUGE!!!! difference.
I'm telling you, dude, up the med's...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-06 19:37:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
There are also issues of user rights. The 'common' means that it is a
common resource for all in the community, shared. As a consequence any
'filtering' is highly injurious. Something to do with the 1st maybe?... But as a consequence it's other activities are regulated
in the 'public interest'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-06 19:41:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: My plan to deal with subpoenas to testify 
They don't do that anymore.
Good luck if you need it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-06 19:46:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Destroying evidence (was "About 5yr. log retention") 
That sort of destroys the 'public' part of that doesn't it? This takes us
into the "if you've got a channel to send the code on how to decode the
public key, why not send the public key privately? And if the channel is
safe enough to send the key privately why not send the message itself?
There is also the point that if there is a public key and you claim it
valid then by assumption you're also claiming there is a private key.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-06 19:51:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Data Logs 
So the moral of the story is...
If you want to destroy the potential barrel you'll need to:
-	Have replacement barrels purchased in a non-traceable manner.
-	Have some mechanism to brush or scratch the inside of the barrel,
-	Apply a corrosive and allow it to thin the barrel significantly.
-	Then twist barrel and heat until red hot.
-	Then handle with non-metallic tools only until discarded.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-06 21:27:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: hi 
toad.com is technicaly deprecated and any current subscribers should move
to one of the alternate servers. The vast majority of discussion does not
get sent to toad.com. There are currently seven servers to choose from.
One server homepage at,
The current list is focused on cryptography, civil liberties, and
economics. There is quite a bit of secondary chatter on a variety of
topics. Sending viruses, suggesting the list be closed to non-members,  subscribing the list to various sources of spam, asking for bomb info, and porno being the most popular off-topic topics. The most asked question is
probably "How the hell do I get off this list?" or more accurately
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 07:11:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Sex abuse Denver Need Help 
Cypherpunks isn't a hacking mailing list.
You should get off toad.com, it's a dead site.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 07:15:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
Can't say. Austin is a very! cosmopolitan town. We've got folks of just
about every type.
Is your assertion that veiled Muslim women are inherently criminal?
Muslim dress isn't very 'ninja' if you think about it at all.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 07:28:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: RIP cracked via encryption? [The Register] 
Article about RIP being cracked because a mechanism has been found that
makes it impossible to hand over keys.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 07:30:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: US saves Iridium 
This is on several sites, visit your favorite.
Supposedly so people wouldn't be upset by the burn up re-entry. So there's
a two year reprieve.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 17:22:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
That's a tad misleading. Muslims have the stricture not out of privacy
concerns but property concerns of the husband. Remember, women are things
to those ragheads.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 17:25:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Destroying evidence (was "About 5yr. log retention") 
Ah, that makes more sense. Your point is a valid one.
I was thinking about this and the article about the RIP hack with these
'hidden' keys that supposedly can't be grabbed.
If this works it might also resolve the CFS pass-phrase issue at reboots.
This potentially opens up having a fully encrypted filesystem that
could only be brute forced.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 17:29:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: RIP cracked via encryption? [The Register] 
Then whomever runs it must have been asleep, again.
Everything is old, we just keep rediscovering it.
The point being if it really makes grabbing the real keys impossible then
it is different than anything that's come before.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 17:34:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: My plan to deal with subpoenas to testify 
Call in sick and then stand at the window making funny faces at him and
when you get tired tell him to egress your property. If they don't leave
call the cops and report a tresspasser. A subpoena is not a search
warrant. Then at least you don't have to worry about them camping out on
your property. Also consider getting a dog. I prefer wolf hybrids because
they alert much quicker than 'domestic' dogs (there is no genetic
difference between that wolf and your chihuahua, sort of like Tims point about 'races'. Hell, we're all black under UV). They're not very good at
confrontational sorts of things however so the odds of them actually
biting anyone are pretty low.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 17:36:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: US: Democracy or Republic? 
A republic is a form of democracy, a representative one.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-07 18:03:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: openpgp.net down? 
I've gotten some bounces from whgiii at openpgp.net as well. They seem to
have stopped sometime yesterday.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-08 07:17:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
I didn't say you did. I DID say your statement was misleading because it
only mentions privacy. That isn't the only issue with your example. As a
result, it's a weak argument.
As usual, you pick an example, it has a couple of nit picks you skipped
or thought unimportant, and you get all defensive when they're pointed
out. Almost like you're still searching for Mr. Goodbar still...
Pick your examples more carefully and explain them a bit more carefully
and you won't have this problem.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-08 14:35:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Masks [was: Re: About 5yr. log retention] 
'had' would be more accurate. Until the mid-20'th century women were
property (even in Christian countries).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-08 14:40:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
I've been saying for nearly 20 years the Jews have become the Nazi's.
Bottem line, neither side has hands that are not so bloody that they
shouldn't all go home and beat their weapons into plow shears.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-08 14:47:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fractal geodesic networks 
'geodesic' means the shortest possible path, with respect to the geometry
of the 'space', between two points.
Fractal simply means non-integer dimension.
Computer networks, at least copper or fiber based, can't be fractal. The
traffic patterns can have fractal patterns (e.g. Foucault Dust
periodicity) but that isn't the same thing at all.
'fractal geodesic network' is spin doctor bullshit.
And the Internet is most certainly NOT(!) geodesic with respect to packet
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-08 20:35:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fractal geodesic networks 
Bullshit. I find fractals all the time. I make a good part of my living
dealing with them.
Counter arguments, instead of ad hominims, eagerly awaited...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-08 20:41:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fractal geodesic networks 
As a person who holds a physics degree you should know the best guess number of dimenions is somewhere in the 20+ range (ie Super Symmetry).
Some of those dimensions are linear (ie x-axis) and some have very little 'lenght' at all, and others are 'twisted' back upon themselves.
You should also know better than to try to seperate the time from the
space dimensions. It's hard to discuss concepts like 'phase space' without
a time dimension (especially in the context of a network).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-08 22:33:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fractal geodesic networks 
If you think about it this is actually one way to view the Internet.
Consider the highest layer nodes. Place them equidistant on a sphere and
interconnect them with links. Whether they are geodesic or not isn't
relevant (unless you'r using a shortest-path algorithm, which we don't).
Anyway. The next thing you do is connect each single user machine to it's
appropriate node. Cluster them in a similar manner. You get a globe with
little partial globe 'bumps' centered on each 'parent' node. Then from
each of these parent nodes, using a different length path for
distinguishing, list the multi-user nodes. Then interconnect these nodes.
Repeat add infinitum (well you can't realy since the lowest level link, a
single ppp link for example can't be broken down into smaller physical
links, the net is pseudo-fractal at best at this scale).
You can also do them as 'sea urchins'.
The reality is that the Internet, as big as it is, is simply too small
by several orders of magnitude to be modelled by anything approaching a
true fractal. However, by looking at it from the perspective of emergent
behaviour from simple rules we can probably gain more understanding and
control over its use. Something akin to cellular automatons with simple
neighborhood rules interconnected by 'small network' models.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-09 07:47:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fractal geodesic networks 
You can, there are at least two connectivity maps for the net out there.
It would describe the complexity of the equivalent graph. As the network
becomes more complex the routing issues become more complicated as the
number of potential paths increases. So the closer the fractal dimention
gets to 3 the more 'saturated' the network becomes with respect to
routing issues for example.
Admittedly it wouldn't be much use for the leaf node, but for those
managing 'common' services (eg name resolution) it would at least give a
model on which to base future expansion plans.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-09 07:57:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Freenet and anarcho-capitalist 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-09 10:49:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Hettinga does *nothing* but hand-waving, folks... 
That's not geodesic, that's a distributed systems with stochastic
management algorithms. The epitomy of 'free market' thinking applied to
communications engineering. It's certainly non-hierarchical but it isn't
'minimum distance'.
If we apply 'geodesic' to the network between two participants then the
goal would be to arrange their adjacency (ie minimize transaction costs).
The network makes it appear that they are adjacent because of its ubiquity
and acceptable latency. This goal was reached with the telegraph and the
radio, 100 to 150 years ago.
The next obvious goal would be to reduce the number of regulators.
Then of course there is the aspect of the 'personal bank'. This would be
where you and I exchange widgets via our PDA's that somehow get mapped
into our personal financial/property space without going through some
arbitration via 3rd party. The social and economic implications of this
are staggering. This effectively means no taxes. This means that there are
no shared or common resources. This implies that each person is either
themselves autonomous, or acts as an agent who represents that independent
autonomous collective (ie arcology or zaibatsu). It reduces society to a
collection of 'families'. This implies a multi-planetary system in order
to have resources of the requisite scale. Now consider the sorts of
technology this will require to be ubiquitous? Neuromancer? Not hardly.
Schismatrix is a more apt example. Gene engineered satellites that have
doors made from lips and vagina's and the 'systems' of the satellite are
the biological systems of the being which is the satellite. Killer
butterflies. Shaper versus mechanist. Then consider the implications this
has with respect to individual lifetimes and the changes that occur in
society. It's clear that society changes slowly but a critical component
in keeping it from stopping is the relatively short lives of people. They
just aren't around long enough to have 'grand' plans and carry through on
them. But, take away the economic issues of this ubiquitous melange of
technology and reduce the major driving motivations to emotional ones,
coupled with individual access to constructive technology that potentially
surpasses the current output of the planet. Couple that will lifetimes
approaching 200+ years and we begin to see a side that doesn't bode well
at all. And the currently stabalizing force, the slowness of evolution, is
going to be removed shortly. There will in effect be no apparent boundary
or limit on the attainable goals of individuals. This implies a high level
of conflict, or else some sort of meta-society.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-09 10:53:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What is a state? (was Re: Chaos Theory) 
That's redundent.
No, it's that the other people in the society won't accept your whacking
the nice oinkdroid [1]. Why? Because they figure if you'll whack the
oinkdroid what will stop you from whacking them? Nothing.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] There are differences of opinion on the degree of this boundary. In
    some states it is as James describes, you don't strike the officer
    period. On others, such as the US, it is possible to strike the
    officer justifiable if they are themselves acting illegally and
    putting your life in danger. Being a police officer is not absolute
    defence against self-defence.

@_date: 2000-12-09 16:55:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Systems 
Actually they're not directly comparable. An individual elements final
state in a spin glass is dependent upon the state of all its neighbors. It
is further predicated that some of the potential states aren't allowed,
thus applying 'stress' to the spin glass array. The goal is to find a
minimum energy system, that may not be maximal but is 'good enough'. It's
quite similar to 'annealling' algorithms in result.
A free market exchange on the other hand predicates that *only* the two
participants are involved and that each exchange is not predecated upon
the state of previous or contemporanious exchanges. The same can't be said
for spin glasses.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-09 17:06:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fractal geodesic networks 
Sure, I meant it as the actual level of capacity/usage approached the
maximal capacity/usage. The 'channel' is saturated, it reaches a point
where it can't grow. This is a small grain observation about the
capacity/cost ratio for individual links.
Another way the 'channel' might get saturated is with respect to 'common'
services such as DNS. As the consumer layer grows the load increases and
can become problematic (ie DNS time outs become very common). So, one
could compare the percentage of requests at each layer of the network and
then compare their time series.
In a way that's what a fractal dimension is. In the case of say a Koch
snowflake we're talking of a function part way between a line and a plane.
In the context of the Internet we're talking about the complexity moving
from 2d to 3d, we've already moved from 1d (direct connect ala BBS's) to
2d. With the growth of space based Internet assets you'll see this number
approach 3.
The network can't exist without 'intelligent intervention", at least I've
never heard of a bridge (for example) self-assembling. It could happen but
I suspect the odds are pretty slim.
With respect to the growth of links, it doesn't surprise me that it's
saturating faster than expected. After all 80% of the planets population
hasn't ever made a telephone call (or that's the urban legend anyway).
I saw an article somewhere the other day (no clue where) stating that the
youngest kids (say 8 to 12) are not using the net as much as predicted
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-11 22:59:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fractal geodesic networks 
There is no such thing as 'the Internet topology'. There are many
topologies and protocols. Some aspects are fractal, some are not. If
you're talking strictly of the connectivity diagram, it is certainly
self-similar (which would account for the power law, I made reference to a
similar power law, m/4, that is used in biology related to branching) and
space filing, but that doesn't make it self similar enough to qualify for 'fractal' in the strictest sense of the word. Different branches, while
they are both branches, wouldn't share enough common sub-structures to
have similar fractal dimensions, and it still retain any convenience from a global perspective.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-12 17:59:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: leah getting sued (fwd) 
Things get serious in alternate-namespace land...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------oOO-(_)-OOo--------------------------------------------|

@_date: 2000-12-13 07:34:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Privacy is another victim of the war on (some) drugs 
Actually taxation, war on drugs, etc. violate the 1st primarily, the other
amendments only get broken as a secondary action.
Why? They violate the right to choose that is guaranteed in the 1st.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-13 08:23:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list 
If there are no objections I'll add this to the CDR homepage at SSZ.
I'd like to suggest you add another advantage to email, mobile access
through mechanisms like packet radio.
With respect to the 'CDR like' comments, can you better explain how this
works? Who does one contact? What sort of scripting is required?
You also might want to reduce the default resend period on this list if
possible. The 4 day normal for sendmail might be problematic. Set it to
something like 1 day.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-14 13:02:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: All these different addresses. 
They are all *real*. If you would like info then visit,
There is a full explanation of who, what, when, where, why, and how.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-14 13:33:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question re diskette data security 
Interesting question.
For the magnetics I'd use a SQUID array. You couldn't use any sort of NMR
because of the intense magnetic fields. They'd wipe the disk. Though resolution may be an issue even for the SQUID's. I've only played with one
and it was lab, not industrial (ie $$$$), quality.
For the CD I'd probably use some sort of NMR at a high scan frequency (ie
higher resolution) and create a 3D map of the geometry of the CD (ie where
are the edges and where are the bubbles). Then I'd import that into a
AutoCAD and use AUTOLisp to overlay a standard template. Then the AUTOLisp
routine could deduce what recognizable filesystems were on it. From there
it could convert it into a dd sort of image. This would get more
complicated for multi-layer disks.
Note that using AUTOLisp doesn't bode well in the speed deamon department.
So the technique must be repeatable? Or do you mean what would be the
mechanisms to verify that it had in fact been snooped (ie we know
'somebody' snooped it)?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-14 15:11:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Question re diskette data security 
There is all kinds of info no NMR and related technologies on the web. Try
google.com and use 'NMR'.
In general the material under examination has some intrinsic property that
can be measured using EM fields. By measuring the magnitude/transmissivity
of the signal through the material one can map that material. The
precision is enough to rival x-rays and that sort. The distinction between
the phases of the CD material in it's two states (eg density) would
interfere in different ways. So the fact that one CD might be re-writable
more than once isn't important with respect to what is written on it now
(though one could probably do bit archeology just like on magnetic media).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-14 15:43:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NMR Basics - A question of resolution 
---     ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-15 16:34:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Security Against Compelled Disclosure (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    Coderpunks , Cryptography People may be interested in a paper Ian Brown and I wrote, with the
above title, for ACSAC.
"There is no limit to what a man can do or how far he can go if he
doesn't mind who gets the credit." - Robert Woodruff

@_date: 2000-12-15 18:13:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
Her civil liberties aren't the employers property. Further, the PRIVILIGE
of running a business does not have greater importance than freedom of
speech and such.
Simply having a desire to run a company does not justify using other
people as property nor dictating behaviours that don't DIRECTLY effect the
process of making profit. Democratic theory demands that unless the
calendar can be demonstrably infringing a civil liberty it shouldn't be an
issue. Freedom until you infringe anothers.
The fundamental flaw with Libertarianism is it's myopic focus on economic
efficiency. It's just another form of oppression via another face of
Jefferson warned us about these sorts of people, like Tim and Declan, many
years ago.
"The English would not lose the sale of a bale of furs for the
 freedom of the whole world."
And he also had a rebutt to Tim's oft claimed right to not respect others
"A nation as a society forms a moral person, and every member of it is
 personally responsible for his society."
"There is a debt of service due from every man to his country,
 proportioned to the bounties which nature and fortune have measured him."
As to the often claimed that the best (ie most intelligent) are most
suited to govern society,
"Whatever be the degree of talent it is no measure of right; because Sir
 Isaac Newton was superior to others in understanding, he was not
 therefore lord of the person or property of others."
As to money being the primary goal of society and it having some ability
to guarantee anything approaching 'justice',
"Money and not morality is the principle of commerce and commercial
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-16 21:31:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
No, I said she should be able to sue. To say that a person should not be
able to sue if they feel they have been wronged simply because somebody
wants to make a profit and such an action might impact that profit is NOT
acceptable behaviour from a civil society based on democratic ideals.
Actually theories do demand, in the sense of compliance or adherence. If a theory says that a particular boundary condition must apply in order to
apply (eg socialism equates to government ownership and management of all
property including people) and a particular instance doesn't comply then
it's clear another theory is required.
It is the same sort of definition for 'demand' as that used by people to
decide compliance as well. Your distinction is actually a false one.
We're not talking about what people say. We are talking about the
axiomatic requirements of theories and how to apply them to both pedantic
as well as real world examples.
The basic axiomatic definition of a democracy is pretty simply, the
citizens of the government each get a vote in what that government will
do. The details, whether it might be direct vote or through a bicamaral
house or some other mechanism, still don't change that fundamental
No realistic theory about democracy says anything about how individuals
will behave. If anything it is an open admission that people are so
diverse and different in goals and desires that it can't be encompessed
within a central organizational approach (eg socialism).
The power of democracy, and the failure of socialism, fascism, anarchism,
libertarianism, etc. is that it not only recognizes that no single set of
goals will satisfy everyone. It recognizes that everyone has a say in what
happens and why. It further, at least in most applications it appears,
seems to recognize the right of minorities to be protected in their
distinctions. In general any time a person feels that anothers behaviour
has infringed their free expression has a right to review by a 3rd party
(ie a court).
As I've explained before, a business is the espression of the right to
pursuit happiness. But the point that you and Tim always leave off is that
you have that right UNTIL IT INFRINGES ANOTHER. You habitually ignore that
others have equivalent rights you demand for yourself. In short, liberty
for me but not for thee.
Crypto-anarchy and libertarianism are just another form of fascism at best
and socialism at worst. It's a means for one group of people to oppress
and control another.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-16 22:23:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
I look forward to your defence of crypto-anarchy-libertarian ideals.
Is your premise that anarchy doesn't lead to a 'socialist' society? A
society in which the choices of the individual are made en masse? Consider
the congruency of world view a working anarchy requires? Then consider the
disparity of world views between any two people. How do you resolve this
obvious conflict? Anarchy has no answer other than everyone will do the
'right' thing because there isn't a 'government' there to coerce them
by force. Anarchy can't even tell you what a 'government' is. Read the FAQ
that is widely available on the web. Let's get rid of 'government' is
nothing more than a veil for getting rid of people who differ in point of
view. What is government? It's people who share some commen world view and
agree, to a wide variety of degree, at least in some minimalist way on how
it should be implimented. To get rid of government is to a priori restrict
this world view. Yet anarchy promises us a wider choice of world view,
apparently only so long as it's the approved one.
How does a working anarchy resolve real world disputes? I offer you the
example of a tree which is rooted in my back yard but has limbs impinging
on my neighbors roof. Is it his or my responsibility to cut the limbs back
to deter damage? Why? Whose responsiblity to pay for any damage that does
occur to the roof from limbs? Why? When the tree dies who is responsible
for the bill to remove the dead husk? Why? What happens if at any point
during this resolution phase one of the parties refuses to participate
further? Who do they go to for arbitration? What standards of arbitration
will be used? Who is responsible for assuring compliance? What are the
limits of compliance enforcement?
Now, let's assume we've a neighbor making bombs and his garage is 15 ft.
from your childs bedroom? Let's ask the same sorts of questions?
As we've discussed before on the list, in the cases of commen services
like fire fighting which are converted to profit making enterprises, how
is intentional fire starting to be prevented? Who is to review the
evidence and pursue the parties involved? How are they to be held
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-17 08:35:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Cost of California Liberalism 
Then let them buy their power from the generators THEY were smart enough
to vote into existance.
The reality is the NW people got what they deserved. They voted to use the
Cali. power grid instead of their own.
No injustice or wrong has occured here because everyone got a say. You
reap what you sow.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-17 08:51:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
No, I don't. Nobody keeps you from working either as an employee of
another person or indiependently. If you don't work it's because you're
too damn lazy.
Actually the right of self-defence is the ultimate and base right on which
all others are rooted. Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness.
Your parents, in particular your mother when they deliver a living child
to the world. At that point they are yours.
Accurate and just more like it. Asinine is believing that you can use
other people as property simply because you want to make money off some
activity that benefits you. Right for me, not for thee.
Typical anarcho-libertarian-crypto bullshit.
If you're walking around telling them who they may see, what they may do
outside of work, the sorts of political views they may have, the sorts of
inter-personal views (eg Tim's hatred of lesbianism) and activities they
may engage in, etc. Unless you can demonstrate the activity is causing a
corruption of the work process it isn't any of the employers business.
If you don't treat them as people with the same liberties and right of
decision that you as an individual have then yes, you are in fact treating
them as property.
Bullshit, what you're saying is 'do it my way or else'. That isn't what
business is about. As an employer your range of control over an 'adult' is
to verify their actions comply with the profit making requirements of the
business, and no more. It is not to use the business as a mechanism to
expand your personal views onto others.
Demostrate please. The rights of the individual are inalienable, that
include a business. A business is not a right like speech. A business
requires at least two parties rights do not, the other party has a say and
therefore the act of business can't be a right because 'the choice' by its
very nature is not confined to a single party.
No, it is how society funds itself. It has nothing to do with morality
since even polar opposites in this respect must still engage in some sort
of activity to survive. If you were correct then there would be some
oppresive societies which don't use economics, which flies in the face of
your assertion.
This is the fundamental flaw of this view of economics. Societies don't
need economics (consider a 5 person family on the African sveldt) but
economies do need society (they require the population size in order to
have a 'market' and they need the political and ethical stability that
ensues so that 'contracts' can exist. Without contracts no economy can
exist because without them there is no recognition, outside of direct
force, of property rights.
Money is a tool to createa  stable and enjoyable society (it also creates
the polar opposite). Even bad societies have money so it can't indicate
anything about the society itself, other than it conforms to the human
psychological norm of group behaviour.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-17 09:03:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Enlighten us then...
Socialism, the management of all property and activity through a central
authority, also called a 'command economy' because everything is done
through the control and command of a central authority.
Fascism, is the management of private property for the goals and policies
of the state. Ownership of that 'private' property is contingent upon
compliance and performance. The term itself comes from the Italian name
for a Roman weapon which consisted of a group of reeds banded together
with a axe head embedded. The point to the symbolism is that together we
are stronger than apart (refering to the strength of individual reeds
compared to when bundled).
The distinction is simply at what point they step in and take away 'your'
Actually, other than the issue private ownership they are nearly identical
in philosophy and goals.
No they don't. They ostensibly want to create a workable utopic society
where everyone gets what they need.
The question they are trying to answer (the question that ALL political,
socialogical, and religious theory try to answer) is 'who gets to make the
decision' and 'what is the range of acceptable decisions'.
Not if used in the context I used them in. That they both end up taking
the decision making point away from the individual and move it toward a
central authority. In that sense the results of the two, though their
process may differ, is to create a system where a few benefit from the
A dictatorship simply means that a single individual is in charge and has
ultimate authority. The resultant system can have a variety of other
paramters. It is not nearly as defining a term as 'socialism' or
'fascism'. The same goes for feudal/aristocratic (which by the way aren't
related in the way this pairing would indicate). And neither do these need
to be totalitarian. It is quite feasible for dictatorships (say Ceasar in
Rome and the relation with Jews/Christians) to harbor a variety of
philosophies and political systems.
Open markets don't settle conflicts, they barter goods. This takes us
right back to the question I was asking about a few weeks ago (Hayek was
asking it of you as well). How does one reach the economic equilibrium
which free market economies require? It is clear that they wil not
spontaneously form, despite your claims here to the contrary.
If a bullfrog had wings it wouldn't bust its butt when it jumped.
You suppose? So even you're not sure if it will work or not? Is that
Why would an anarchist accept 3rd party arbitration? How is this any
different than 'government'? If the arbitration doesn't conform to some
sort of principle and standards then it's arbitrary and nobody with half a
click of a clue will agree to arbitration with no principles or standards
available. Anarchy was meant to prevent just this sort of situation.
And what happens if one or more of the parties, excluding the arbiter,
decide that neither want to comply? How does the arbiter enforce it?
'property deed'? There is no government or law, there is no deed.
You weren't paying attention the other day during the Goldback and fractal
discussions, you can't create complete descriptions.
And why would I do that? Where did this standard come from in an anarchy?
Where is the 'law' that decides that initial 'volumetric' estimate? Why
should either party comply with such a description?
Or I can tell the fat slob to trim his own roof and leave me alone. Then
when he comes over later I shoot him and get both his house and mine now.
There is no government, it's an anarchy remember.
Blipverts strike again.
[remainder deleted out of mercy]
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-17 10:45:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: One thing about Bell's case... 
It seems to me that charging Bell for 'stalking' in relation to the
collection of public documents violates his 1st Amendment rights with
respect to 'press'.
Not only does that right guarantee you the right to distribute, but it
guarantee's my right as a potential reader to access.
Every citizen has a right to collect what public information they can on
public officials; elected, appointed, or hired.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-17 12:58:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. (fwd) 
Not quite accurate either. Forward to sophist pendantry!
Ancient Roman symbol of the regal and later the magisterial authority. The
fasces were cylindrical buncles of wooden rods, tied tightly together,
from which an axe projected; they were borne by guards, called lictors,
before preators, consuls, proconsuls, dictators, and emporors. The fasces,
which symbolize unity as well as power, have often been used as emblems.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-18 16:27:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Cost of California Liberalism 
Ray, your Texas drawl sucks.
Yankee's start sentences with "Well,...." and there is no Texas drawl on
People from Kansas and Oklahoma (definitely not southern) say 'awl'.
I don't know anyone who pronounces it 'natcherl', definitely no native
Yankee's say 'it's a gonna', we say 'it's fixin' to'.
'Tha' isn't Texan, 'Thuh' would be.
'bidness' is a (black) yankee term, not southern.
And we don't say 'ya see'.
You have yankee/mid-west confused with Texas/southern. But me and my
native Texas friends got a kick outta it, thanks for the giggles.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-22 14:56:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Crypto on cable...chuck the vce? 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-22 15:35:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Single photon emission 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-24 23:01:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dude!  It's wired! 
What he means is he gets tired of having his bluff called.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-29 10:06:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. (fwd) 
Which is irrelevant in this scenario since it isn't about goods and isn't
open to a 'market' solution.
Really? Looks like more handwaving. How did those previous standards
arise? I thought anarchist political systems had a mechanism to resolve 'property' conflicts? What are the sorts of 'standards' that anarchists
suggest for resolving this sort of conflict? How do they build, and what
are they, their litmus tests?
Be that as it may however, this still doesn't resolve it, even with a
priori standards. Standards aren't, and can't be, completely
Let's assume we use the standard 'cutting the plane' definition used in
trespass cases. In other words, once you've been advised to 'stay off my
property' even waving your hand in the air above, but across the property
line, is considered trespass. However, this clearly can't extend without
bounds, otherwise the aircraft industry would be shut down trying to get
over-flight permission from the bezillion (well really less than 300M but
it's sufficient in this case) property owners.
Now, when the tree limb crosses the property line, it becomes the other
persons property. But does that give the person the right to chop the
entire tree down if the trunk is on the property line?
No, the point here is the 'maintenance of property' which isn't covered in
free market theory because we're not shopping around for something, we're
trying to keep some part of what we have (eg nice tree, undamaged roof).
And those sorts of responsibilities are not resolvable through market
forces because they're not a 'negotiable' aspect to the property (eg
feeding your pet).
After all, whose fault is it if the limb impacts the roof? The person who
owns the roof? The owner of the tree? If it's the owner of the tree, just
how far are my responsibilities to go with respect to maintenance of
your(!) property? Why does anarchic theory not recognize this aspect of
the philosophy? Why is this important facet ignored when 'property' is
Which is a perfect example of why anarchic and libertarien theory fail. By
the time the 'market' even has knowledge of the problem the factory has
already done the damage (ala Love Canal or Thalidomide).
That's because there is NO fundamental way to do it. It is as impossible
(and for the same reasons I might add) to do as to describe a 'universal
logic verifyer'.
[ related stuff snipped ]
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-29 10:13:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. (fwd) 
Oh, what happened to the free market? Let those who flourish be the ones
who can manage the new 'species'...
CDR:'s in the header, messages too long, messages of the right format, not
using the right font, doing 'forwards' instead of 'reply to', not editing
replies according to the 'group will', using different editors which
impliment different attachment protocols, etc., etc.
I say screw all you over bearing anal retentive techno-luddites...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-29 10:16:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
Demonstrate that a 'business' is a right in the same class as life,
liberty, pursuit of happiness?
It is clear a business is a form of 'pursuit of happiness' but that
doesn't make it equivalent. Rights are something you as an individual have
by mere existance. A 'business' can't exist in that environment, there is
no 'market'.
Do people have a right to work? No. They have a right to try to work. They
can do that by starting their own business or working in somebody elses.
But neither are a 'right' in the sense you want to use them.
People have a right to pursuit happiness, why? Because they are already
unhappy, why? Because if they don't get off their ass something will come
along and eat them.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-29 10:26:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
Cool. I've gone over it before but it's a pain in the ass to have to
search the archives. I'll elaborate per your feedback...
Liberatarians are overly focused on 'the cost', wanting to eliminate all
non-focused effort and cost. This as a goal within a suite of goals isn't
so bad, however as the primary goal it is very bad. Why? Because without a
basic equality not based on cost there is no way to protect those who
don't have. And simply not having is not sufficient reason to ignore the
needs of human beings. I do not see libertarians addresing this aspect of
their philosophy. The general view I see on the individual level is 'screw
'em, if they can't pay let 'em hang'. This simply is not acceptable. It
denegrates self and society.
Libertarians are ignorant of the basic concepts of 'morality', it is not a
factor in economic equations and is therefore safe to ignore. An example
is prisons. Libertarians want to conver them into profit making business
while at the same time completely ignoring what a prison is and why it
exists and ultimately who is responsible for it. A prison is where society
puts persons who don't behave accroding to some stricture. I believe
details as to the particular stricture are irrelevant at this point. As a
resul the people responsible for prisons are the individual citizens, not
'the government' which is a convenient straw man argument (which I don't
see Libertarians even recognizing let alone addressing). As a result the
cost of that detainment should be born by those individual citizens
directly. It is a function and responsiblity of their citizenship.
It is fascist because it wants to, in effect, centrally manage everyones
resources to the benefit of all. It is potentially socialist because of
the lack of recognition of fundamental civil liberties and the consequent
abuse that can result as a consequence. It is cheaper after all if
everyone has only a couple of choices for each decision. This minimizes
the secondary market costs (and potentialy some primary ones as well).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-29 10:28:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Cost of California Liberalism 
Blipverts strike again. That IS exactly what I said, though not in those
They made the decision to let others make the decision. Don't bitch to me
about how unfair it is when they don't do what you think is best.
There are no angels among men.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-29 10:36:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
Nobody said congruencly of world view was a requirement. Looking at it
like this is actually incorrect. The issue is NOT congruency (hence
proving my socialist/fascist point prima facia) but rather TOLERANCE of
existing world views.
Without some mechanism to control the violence and inherent xenophobia of
human psychology being able to 'move around unhindered' becomes THE
Anarchy would be the Jews and the Arabs going at it without the UN and
other mediating forces. This is a PERFECT example of why anarchy requires
a 'socialist' world view to begin with.
Anarchy would be 7 prisoners loose in Texas, who've already killed at
least one policeman and commited several robberies, with no police force
or centralized C4I mechanisms.
Anarchy = "Don't worry, be happy!"
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-30 21:02:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
The sky is falling, the sky is falling, ....
So much for belief in free markets. You realise that there is nothing that
requires servers to install this, or cease using the old network?
It seems to me the 'cypherpunkish', 'libertarian', 'anarchic' thing to do
is to promote the growth of individualy operated servers other than those
on ISP's (who will have a motive to drop the old system and use the new
system - just another example of why libertarian/economism is not
sufficient in and of itself for a basis for society - they have no motive
to protect the individual, only the 'market').
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-31 11:55:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The problem with SSH2 
'pk auth' is handwaving.
How do you defeat the MITM attack against the key server this approach
requires? You don't, at some point there is a question of nothing but
'trust'. And it isn't testable. This is the fundamental weakness any any
security scheme that requires anything approaching public pk distribution.
The original point that what is needed is a distributed system with no
interest in message content is still valid. Then the parties using the
system can impliment the appropriate security for their purposes. Any
central server based system should be avoided. Any system that
pre-dictates the low-level format (ie non-delivery related) should be
avoided like the plague. Any system that requires single source (prefer
Open Source or PD) tools should be avoided like the black plague.
What we really need is a distributed network/process model (ala Plan 9)
that impliments content encryption at all levels, though 'next level' addressing should still be in the clear. Key management at the network
layer should be node-to-node (peer-to-peer) and left to the discression of
the individual parties. We accept that we need trust in our model and
distirbute it to the lowest level as well. This limits any breach of
security without massive amounts of resources, which limits the targets of
such attacks to reasonably readily identifiable, and as a result
protected, lists. Then using a distributed file system we can break the
actual contents up and store them 'holographically' (this probably means
multi-site storage for each little blob of a target file) so small amounts
of sites dropping off are irrelevant to the integrity of the file system.
At that point with some sort of 'anonymous thunking layer' (eg standard
anonymous remailer, posts through Usenet, or anonymous IP proxies) we can
impliment a 'data haven' sort of mechanism. This effectively means I can
access my 'home workspace' from anywhere on the Internet anonymously and
transparently (with respect to resource usage).
As an aside, this sort of architecture would also solve a lot of the
wireless issues as well.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-31 11:59:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
Irrelevant. What the user wants strictly speaking is irrelevant at this
layer. This is the relationship between publishers and how they will
operate. The user requirements are a factor here but direct user input
isn't needed.
Your position is akin to saying that I as a book publisher must somehow
limit my activities with respect to content selection to only what the
customer or specific list of agents will allow. This violates my right
of ownership with respect to 'the press'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-12-31 13:25:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
Cool. I'll take the liberty of adding some commentary myself.
I'd say a more realistic view is that the cost of an attack goes up as a
function of distribution. Hence, if you want to hit on one 'unit' then
it's reasonable that even an individual might do it. But if you start
trying to hit on many units the combinatorics take over and cost goes up
in a factorial fashion.
This is the reason I want to see the key management stay at the 'unit'
level. The ability for me (or any party) to readily identify another party
in my immediate environ is much lower in cost than say to have Tim May do
it for us. The best person to evaluate my 'trust requirements' is me.
In addition, by layering the protocols this way adds another level of
protection. You've got a point to point link key that the two parties
share and exchange in their own way. Each node takes whatever traffic it
gets and routes it according to address, everything 'below' this layer is
still encrypted. But I don't have access to the keys, nor do I know
necessarily what algorithm was used to encrypt them. This was made by the
appropriate parties at each level.
I like Plan 9 because it allows this at the network layer as a part of the
OS. Though I'd like to see DES replaced with something more secure. When
coupled with its distributed file/work space some really interesting
possibilities become possible.
I wouldn't say '33' qualified for 'highly redundent' or 'widely
distributed'. I wouldn't trust any system that didnt' have at least
several hundred, and preferably several thousand widely dispersed nodes,
33 machines is within the scope of a couple of individual to hack over a
I would say this observation is reason enough to say our original
description of the network (and as a result our expectations) were at
fault rather than how the particular system did end up being implimented
or how it performed.
The really(!) interesting observation is the one choice that almost
never(?) comes up is real distributed systems. If these people would put
the same energy into sending out a few notices in the appropriate forum
and starting a real distributed content-blind network we'd all be better
off. But it doesn't happen. Why? People don't like direct and immediate
confrontation, they hate to burn bridges. It's a psychology thing in my
Again, this is that face to face confrontation thingy.
But a distributed system maximises convenience, it has the minimum level
of regulation and operating cost at the individual level. At the same time
it maximizes autonomy.
Obliquely, a couple of weeks ago there was a post on /. about 'why
freedom'. One of the issues was Franklins security/freedom quote. The
point which nobody gets is that Franklin was saying security IS freedom.
In a fully distributed network w/ inherent privacy management we'd have
soemthing like this:
-	Me and my ISP would share a key. This would allow me the pipe
-	My friends and I would share private 'public' keys that we'd use
-	We'd have real public keys we'd share on our webpage as a matter
-	Any service I worked with would share a key. We'd use the real
Since it's voluntary is that even an issue? Isn't part of respecting an
individual simply accepting it's their decision and to impact them about
it is only to weaken our own arguments and desires of individuality? That
people have a means to opt-out is enough.
Influence through abduction by space aliens?
But isn't this exactly what individuals are supposed to do? Irrespective
of free market requirements, isn't this a requirement of a real world
market? We bitch and moan about sheeple and then when a group goes off and
does it we bitch and moan...
I'd say the lesson is that we went into this with one set of expectations
and we applied those in an environment where they weren't valid. We need
to identify our process errors and repair them and try again.
The question is how to do it. And who will do it? Isn't this the point of
a market? If "Do I compete?" then "Differentiate!" else "Use what
somebody else brung to the party." This is a perfect opportunity for a
real difference to be made. I think this is a facet of Lessigs "Code" that
many don't seem to get. As I've said before this is the real power of Open
Source development. The trick is to get the right mix of capability and
personality in some core members. This is a nearly completely unstudied
aspect of Open Source (and no, I don't think the same things that make
Open Source success mean closed source success).
Well you won't just walk in and get hired as a president of a company but
getting a job is not impossible without a diploma. You'll have to be
content to start at the bottem washing plates, delivering boxes, etc. The
opportunities are still there if at some point you change your mind and
figure you do need something more to achieve. You can always start your
own business also.
People ARE the process, everything else is a tool for their success. The
way I manage my team is by clear goals and well described process and
resource utility (and staying out of their way).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-03 15:58:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Tim May's anti-semitic rants 
Calling him a bigot however isn't.
Yes you have, the 'government' are the poeple. This schizo view of
government as if it was some stand alone entity that decends from the
heavens to enslave mankind is what is bullshit.
"Let's get rid of the government."
"Ok, who do we shoot first?"
This describes the fundamental flaw of anarchy.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-03 18:53:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Tim May's anti-semitic rants 
Not at all. Tim has spoken on many occassions how he feels that any
'special' considerations with respect to handicapped is wrong and that his
solution is to not hire them.
He has also stated that he felt that the public expulsion of lesbians from
a public event was justified.
In general Tim's solution to anything that irritates Tim is to shoot it.
(Ok, that's a slight exageration; but not by much)
Check the archives, you can read it in Tim's own words. You don't, and
shouldn't, take my word for it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-03 21:31:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Tim May's anti-semitic rants 
Unless of course it's Tim who's holding the gun and making the choice.
Tim's theory is that he is the only one fit to make decisions about who
else is fit.
He's a hypocrit as a consequence, everytime he talks about 'freedom from
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-03 21:58:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: The Ant and the Grasshopper 
You're not the only one. It is a sad state of affairs when this level of
socialism invades our lives. What they should be teaching is self-respect
and self-reliance coupled with a sense of community. Not pity and a 'class
oriented' view of life. So much for 'equality' in the democratic sense.
In a couple of more generations democracy will have spin-doctor morphed
into a completely unrecognizable entity.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-04 15:58:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bush took ss# off his Texas license!!! 
There's no SS# on a Texas DL, never has been. There is a DL# that is 8
digits in length (and related to time and place of initial license
application, not SS Also, if you let your license expire and don't
renew within a certain period of time (used to be 2 years) you get a new
DL# automaticaly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-04 16:59:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: N=NP - A correction... 
I realize now I didn't state the scaling correctly in my example. Let's
try it again...
Let's say I use an algorithm of O(x^2).
My initial problem set size is 10 and I use x resources in y amount of
If I go to a problem set size of 20 then I use (2^2)x and (2^2)y. And not
x^2 and y^2 as I originaly typed.
So, to gauge the resource difference between two problem set sizes of
x and y, with an O(f()) and z being run time for x, and w being the
resource load for x, we get,
y/x = dx
And the new run time for y will be,
And the new resource load for y will be,
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-04 17:07:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
I accept that. A point of clarity, I'm not claiming that N=NP for a single
problem means I can solve all of them. I believe that to say that if a
problem isn't polynomial then it must fit into NP and that ALL NP are
equivalent is just silly. It's like saying N! and be reduced to e^x,
though neither can strictly be reduced to a polynomial.
However, especialy in the press, there seems to be exactly this sort of
view. It seems to be that the impression they leave is that if we find a P
solution to primality we'll as a consequence have a solution avenue to
all other NP problems. It's that 'all other' that I object too. With
respect to your statement above, it just seems they use your wording and
leave the 'particular problems' part out.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-04 21:04:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
Let's start with a set of sentences. Each of those sentences is a sequence
of connective, operators, and values that reduce to binary values. Our
job is to determine the truth or falsity value of each sentence in that
set. I further see no reason to suspect that the sentence set itself is
even countable (and even if it is it is still infinite in extent).
What you propose isn't possible. There are logical statements in the P
& NP class which are not provable. There is no way that you can say that a
set of sentences can at the same time contain insoluble members (and there
isn't a way to tell them apart since the test may itself be unprovable)
and have an algorithm which will solve all of them because you can solve
one of them.
Now if you restrict the problems to specific domains (since NP contains P
I'll talk only to NP) then we are injecting a distinction of class in
the NP and there goes our "if I can prove one of them I can prove all of
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-05 10:10:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
I may underestimate the cost to the originator but the cost to me for
filtering a dozen or so envelopes and paper flyers per day is nil. All your examples are costs to the originator and not to me. I pay for the
pickup of my trash which contains the physical spam. Trivial percentage.
The cost of cutting the tree down, delivery, etc. as detailed in your
examples are costs that are incurred by the sender through the fees they
pay to bring the product together and distribute it.
I'm all for making that expensive. However, charging for email means
everyone pays. Making it so that spammers may only send you one piece of
email makes the cost of doing business theirs and doesn't involve me the
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-05 12:22:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
"Congress shall make no law ...".
I oppose these because I don't think some organization should have control
of my speech simply because I purchase a service from them. If I buy, for
example, a 128k ISDN line what the content of that 128k is most assuradely
isn't my providers interest. It violates the spirit of the 1st.
It is also clear that for any 'self-regulation' to be effective it must
fall into one of two, and only, categories. The first is a traditional
free market where the individuals make the decisionin in toto. The second
is the traditional control economy (where there is 3rd party involved in
the transaction). So, which sort of 'self-regulation' do you want,
autarchic or socialist?
Economics in general is not the way to set ethical standards.
I obviously support anything an individual wishes to do with respect to
making choices, provided they don't involve me without consent. This
aspect should be pushed strongly.
4. social contracts (for those of anarchist and libertarian bent)
Considering human psychology, not bloody likely.
5. technical standards (ala Open Source)
Which raises the interesting point with respect to Lessig and his 'code is
law' theory and the real power of Open Source standards. It provides a
mechanism to prevent the exact sorts of scenarios that Lessig poses in his
book. The Open Source community has an opportunity to keep the technical
standards in the hands of the people and out of governmental influence.
In the case of physical spam, there are resource limitations that simply
aren't extant in a digital network. I believe that this distinction, under
appreciated by almost all, is going to sink any attempts at really
resolving this issue. I'm afraid we'll just have to live with spam, which
means our primary protection is  above.
To be honest, I don't think there is a lot of hope for the Open Source
movement to be this effective with respect to 'Open' technical standards.
Even though the cost of entry into the market is next to nil once the
product is written. Put it on the primary distribution site and it goes
out. I'm afraid this may be a case where the free market approach dies. My
own view will be because of the economics of greed. It seems to me that
most succesful open source authors do it because it helps their
professional career. As a result the projects they work on will be
strongly related to their professional interests as well. This, at least
in my mind, is one of the primary reasons we don't see the level of
innovation extant that is possible with this approach.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-05 14:06:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
There is no guarantee that a NDTM will guess the correct answer at any
stage. The question the NDTM answers over a DTM is "Is there a statistical
algorithm that is more efficient than a deterministic one?".
The answer seems to be "No". It has been shows for example that a NDTM can
address no additional languages over a DTM.
But to address the point I was trying to make,
Since at each step of a NDTM there are k choices in a space of n, k/n.
Assuming the odds of any individual member of the set n being chosen is
So, if this probablity space grows faster than P then it must be NP. Even
if the algorithm used to check the result is P itself.
Since the average time to get the correct answer will be k/n there is no
significant efficiency over simply steping through 1 to k which would be
k/n (assuming the resources per n were 1/n).
So, even if you have a P algorithm to test solutions with, there are still
issues like 'solution space' that are not limited by the constraints of
the solution algorithms P-ness.
The problem can be made even more complicated by requiring that no
potential answer is ever checked more than once. This requires a string
matching operation that depending on syntax could be quite complicated,
even NP itself.
So, there are possibly three facets to P-ness:
1.	Solution Algorithm resource use (effects both DTM & NDTM)
2.	Solution space complexity (effects both)
3.	String matching resource use (usualy only NDTM because the
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-05 18:04:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
A NDTM has a stage which if given correct input will cause the result to
have one of several states (e.g. A Turing machine that holds both roots of
a quadratic at the same time). However, we're right back to 'provably
correct' which can't occur, even in principle because there are some
legitimate input states that can't be resolved as 'correct'. I wasn't the
one who injected 'guessing' in there (which a NDTM doesn't do, ever. It
takes the next state only after a 'proof of correctness' step.). When
the 'guess' factor is injected then you get a probabilistic NDTM. Which is
what I was addressing.
As to your assertion that they aren't the same thing, they can certainly
be combined. Which was my interpetation of the 'guess an answer and prove
it' and 'using a NDTM'. To me that implied a probabilistic NDTM, and that
is what I ran with.
Within the context of a universal set such as "all Boolean equations" it
is clear that the distinction between a NDTM and a DTM is irrelevant. It
goes back to the fact that NDTM can be shows to handle no languages that a
DTM can resolve. So injecting a NDTM into the mix does nothing to change
the results.
In addition a NDTM has little worth in a world where we postulate all
possible Boolean sentences are resolvable. It, after all, allows a state
to be both 1 and 0, clearly contrary to our assertion. What one would want
is to show that a DTM was all that is required to resolve any of those
Boolean equations. Which can't be done if we accept the NDTM <-> DTM
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-05 22:36:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: A quantum computer link on /. 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-06 07:11:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Roots servers on rise - ICANN's golden egg cracking 
No. BIND, at least, allows at least two root nameservers. Make one a
traditional one and one not. It's really an issue for the user and not the
nameserver operator.
Simply because you've minimized  the process's desktop doesn't mean it's
not running. The DNS is from your browzer and not Solaris. Kill the
browser and these querries will go away (eventualy, it sometimes takes
Netscape quite a while to actualy shut down).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-06 07:14:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Here's an interesting twist on gun control ... 
They don't if you're the home owner and it's your home. The law requires
the owner of rental property to have them installed, there is no law that
says the tenents must use them. For example the law does not clarify who
and when the batteries must be changed.
Most of this stuff is regulated by insurance contract and not law (at
least the non-contractual type).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-06 07:34:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
Dave's right, you're not. While it is true a NDTM has a guessing module
before that 'guessed' state causes the NDTM to change to the resultant
state there is a level of PROOF involved. It is required to prove the
answer is right.
There is NO magic in an NDTM, it doesn't pull the correct answer out of
the air.
The distinction at this level between a NDTM and a probabilistic TM is
that a PTM doesn't check the result at time of selection but after. It's
the algorithm that the Turing machine is running that does the checking.
In a NDTM it is the 'guessing module'.
The real question related to a NDTM is 'if you have a algorithm that
allows you to guess answers and verify them before submission for
execution' why are you executing the algorithm? You already know the
answer is correct.
"Definition: A turning machine which has more than one next state for some
combination of contents of the current cell and current state. An input is
accepted if any move sequence leads to acceptance."
In other words you have to have a 'input verifier' that verifies the data
is good before the next state(s) are entered. Note this means your
verification function can't be NP.
This is all really moot since NDTM's don't handle a single language that a
DTM can handle, and determining whether all Boolean sentences are valid
(irrespective of their actual result) is dealing with a language.
It most assuradely has NOTHING to do with the question of how one builds a
'universal sentence parser' that can return a verifiable yes/no as to
validity when Godel's says all sentences don't necessarily have a valid
result (ie they aren't provably consistent).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-06 07:51:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Internet IP scan completed (> 4E9 IP's served) 
It's on /.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-06 08:03:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Internet IP scan completed (> 4E9 IP's served) 
A real cherry newbie...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-10 15:24:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
Actualy it isn't. It's covered by the 20th amendment, section 3.
It also invalidates the point Declan was trying to make on the 12th (guess
he should take his own advice).
Section 3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of
President, the President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect
shall become President. If a President shall not have been chosen before
the time fixed for the beginning of his term, or if the President elect
shall have failed to qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as
Presdent until a President shall have qualified; and the Congress may by
law provide for the case wherein neither a President elect nor a Vice
President elect shall have qualified, declaring who shall then act as
President, or the manner in which one who is to act shall be selected, and
such a person shall act accordingly until a President or Vice President
shall have qualified.
Looks to me like Congress could leave Bill in office until this mess is
over. Like I said, is this a new way to win a 3rd term?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-10 15:42:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Physical Meet: Tuesday Nov. 14, 2000 
Austin Cypherpunks Monthly Physical Meeting
Central Market HEB Cafe
38th & N. Lamar
2nd. Tuesday of each month
We normaly meet outside at the tables unless the weather is bad. Look for
the red covered 'Applied Cryptography' book to identify the group. Please
visit the homepage for information on joining both the Cypherpunks
Distributed Remailer (CDR) as well as the local mailing list.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-11 07:34:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
No Bill, that's not what it means at all. The 1947 law requires there to
already be a sitting President, it doesn't apply if the candidates haven't
'qualified'. It was at least partialy implemented to identify the chain of
command in case of nuclear/devastating attack.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-11 09:06:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Inferno: languages and codes... (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: hell at ssz.com
        madhu at chaganti.net
Want to obfuscate your talk about coding even further?  How about coding with a
Perl module that allows programs to be written in Latin?
The original reference came to me through memepool.org...
Perligata code -- A Greek algorithm in Latin
 /usr/local/bin/perl -w
        use Lingua::Romana::Perligata;
        maximum inquementum tum biguttam egresso scribe.
        meo maximo vestibulo perlegamentum da.
        da duo tum maximum conscribementa meis listis.
        dum listis decapitamentum da nexto
            fac sic
                nextum tum novumversum scribe egresso.
                lista sic hoc recidementum nextum cis vannementa da listis.
            cis.
See the link for rationale (interesting from a linguistics p.o.v.), history, and
coding examples:
Carlos Macedo Gomes
gomes at navigo.com
a Navigo Farmer
_sic itur ad astra_

@_date: 2000-11-14 08:39:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Correction Re: Katz /. piece on improving "political technology" 
Make that Dixon, not Drexler. That's what I get for mixing my drugs.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-14 08:44:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Predicting a succesful society 
It get's off it's home planet permanently.
The difference in scale of resource potential between a planet bound,
versus a (multi-)planetary system bound society are incomparable.
Issues of life-span are generaly irrelevant, the two technologies develop
hand in hand (there will of course be some synchronisation issues in
particular instances) and will offset any fundamental distance issue.
In general, such societies will be very rare.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-14 17:22:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Please take me off your mailing list! 
If you're talking,
then you can't read for shit. Let me quote (as I am looking at it real
"Currently the only listproc based CDR nodes is openpgp.ent, however the
deprecated cypherpunks at toad.com also uses this. If you know that a
particular CDR node is using listproc for their remailer then send to:
cypherpunks-request at appropriate_domain_name"
cypherpunks-request at toad.com
Not rocket science.
Have a nice day.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-15 22:46:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was Re: CRYPTO-GRAM, November 15, 2000) 
Actualy there is a whole host of issues with key management in regards PKC
and scaling to really usable system sizes. As Bruce points out, a major
one is the identity authentication.
And you can't use a levels of indirection (i.e. a key to certify a key add
Another is scaling, the problem with PGP is it's too hard to manage large
(i.e. 100's of Millions of keys) at the individual level. Yet any usable
systems must do just that.
What organization resolves protocols and who decides whom the primary
implimentor will be?
Consider the code base validation issue? Compare closed and open source
approaches, they each have some interesting problems.
My personal opinion is the only workable system is a 3-party with the 3rd
party acting as arbiter/notary. It is also just as clear that that group
can't be either a government agency or a profit making business. I also
believe that an OS along the Plan 9 lines is the ideal Internet framework.
The Austin Cypherpunks ran an anonymous remailer for about a year and we
discussed some of the issues we found on the cypherpunks list. You might
look back at the archives from about 2-3 years ago. The machine was called
kourier.ssz.com (it's long dead). There were also some legal liability
issues that our meager legal skills simply didn't resolve, and we didn't
have the money to do it professionaly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-16 15:17:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
Because in the vast majority of cases it's not possible.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-16 20:47:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was Re: CRYPTO-GRAM, November 15, 2000) 
A very good point that is vastly under-reported.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-16 21:42:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: What got censored today... (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: orange at dns.list
Starts at 2:18:20
Lasts about five seconds before Mr Anal-Retentive-Bald-Video-Guy censors it.

@_date: 2000-11-17 20:44:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Here they are again, hopefully untruncated this time (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: orange at dns.list
Aurbach "How I would decide TLDS if I were seated"
Me: ".XXX"
Peter Dengate Thrush: "We (cctlds) may look for other root servers"
Richard J. Sexton     richard at vrx.web    +1 (613) 473-1719
        richard%vrx.web at vrx.net

@_date: 2000-11-20 09:56:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: We're back... 
Sorry, had a hardawre failure and it was harder than expected to get a
replacement. We're not expecting futher problems.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-20 10:07:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ssz.com network trouble 
Hi Bill,
Unreliable? We average six and eight month uptimes. And when the outages
occur it has been either hardware failure or a service failure. We
average 2 hardware failures per year and it usualy(!) takes less than 4
hours to have it replaced (not bad for off the shelf consumer equipment).
A scratch OS re-load is a 2hr downtime. I have the system down less than 8
hours a month (usualy only a few minutes at a time) for routine
maintenance and cleaning. We usualy get about 4 service interruptions of
some sort or another a month. They usualy last about 4 hours. The section
of town I live in is over 100 years old and in major reconstruction so
this isn't too bad. Irrespective, there isn't anything I can do about
those anyway.
At your age, you wish you were as regular as SSZ is.
Yes, we had a ISDN/Ethernet issue. Replacing the hardware with a suitable
model was harder than expected, coudn't find anyone open with stock on
As to rain, 4in/hr is a tad more than a sprinkle junior.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-20 10:08:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: your mail 
We fall down, go BOOM!
Hardware failure late Friday nite and I couldn't find any in stock
repalcements until this morning.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-20 10:11:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ssz.com network trouble 
This is an important point, all the nodes need to be inter-connected. If
you're only getting a single feed then you're open to service failure at a
single point. If we're all interconnected it takes a n-point failure to
take the entire net down.
If anyone wants me to add them to the SSZ feed drop me a line privately.
Distribution is power!
Here's my current feed:
# htp.org retired
:0 Wh
:0 c
!cpunks at minder.net
:0 c
!cypherpunks at openpgp.net
:0 c
!cypherpunks at algebra.com
:0 c
!cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
:0 c
!cypherpunks at ds.pro-ns.net
:0 c
!mailman-cypherpunks at koeln.ccc.de
* ^X-Loop:.*ssz.com
:0 c
!cypherpunks at ssz.com
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-20 10:16:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: ADMIN: List Moving (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The cryptography list will be moving in the next few days from c2.net
to a server I control elsewhere. "Stay tuned."

@_date: 2000-11-20 10:45:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was Re:  CRYPTO-GRAM, November 15, 2000) 
This is the reason for witnesses and notaries.
One person can easily lie about a signature. It's harder to arrange
several (independent) agents to lie about it.
The 'x' mark usualy has to be witnessed to be legitimate.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-20 14:18:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
Bonding would not fix this problem. It only moves the question of identity
and responsibility to the bonding agency. You've still solved nothing.
Bullshit. Identity is a asset as much as a digital balance in my banks
computer. This is a false distinction.
But how do you certify the bearer's identity without a CA or reverting to
something along the lines of the PGP web-of-trust? Who writes and
certifies the bearer algorithms?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-20 14:20:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: re ICANN Should Approve More Top Level Domains (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
    list at ifwp.org, ga at dnso.org, NCDNHC I agree with Judith on this.  Seeing the entire internet - instead of the
ICANN restricted internet is as simple as point click and reboot.
Further data is available at  and instructions are located
here  and include a link to a
downloadable program that fixes your dns to see the whole internet.
point, click, reboot - and astalavista ICANN.

@_date: 2000-11-20 14:57:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: NNA Online: Notary Certificates - All States 
To at least the answer of requiring witnesses to 'signature by mark',
appears to require two actually.
The specific law is dependent upon your state. At least in Texas
for things like voting, buying cars or houses, legal documents such
as adoption papers, etc. this is pretty standard stuff.
This has something to do with 'The Hague Convention' and is apparently
international in scope.
Remember, IANAL.

@_date: 2000-11-20 14:59:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: what is The OpenNIC project (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: orange at dns.list
I just told Declan McCullagh said we'd love to play with OpenNIC. I told him there was a problem with conflicting TLDs.
Best Regards,
Simon Higgs
It's a feature not a bug...

@_date: 2000-11-20 15:21:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: The Signature Issue 
Here's a 'Texas' state view...
Think of a signature as proof of action/intent.
It's a 'verb verification mechanism'.

@_date: 2000-11-22 11:21:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
But there is no market for 'trust'. What the market wants is 'proof'.
They're not 1-to-1.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-22 12:17:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: The Register reports continued european software patent ban 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-24 11:52:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: your mail 
No, the polution should end.
Like your local hospital?
Let me guess, a PETA poster child....
Animal use is not abuse you idjit.
AP doesn't work because threatening people doesn't work. AP's fundamental
flaw is that it is not any different, except in degree (or level of
schizophrenia) that the system is supposedly 'fixes'.
Another prime example of why anarcho-crypto views are fundamentaly
socialist; "Do it my way or die."
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-24 11:54:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, 
A matter of time til what? It's finaly recognized for the sophmoric
insanity it is? I believe that day has come and gone for most folks. The
only remaining bastions of AP support are the nut-cases whose solution to
any personal problem is to kill 'it'.
Same old shit, new colors on the box.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-24 12:01:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
No, only a very small faction of crypto-anarchists (better known as the
terminaly self-indulged). The vast majority of people on this list (and
elsewhere) for that matter understand the concept of self-defence and
recognize its distinction from "I have a right to kill a person" bullshit.
No, Tim and a handful of others have been spouting this crap since day
one. Check the archives.
A well armed fuckhead bag of hot air you mean...
Nothing wrong with your deductive powers. This observation with respect to
anarchy is why the vast majority (99.999% perhaps?) of people have enough
of a clue to pass it by.
It's worth mentioning that the only 'working' anarchy (Iceland) had to
legalize murder in order to build a system that didn't break down into a
Hatfields-McCoy type scenario. It's also worth mentioning that after
several attempts at exporting it to other Scandanavian countries it died
an ingnoble death.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-24 13:22:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
And this one doesn't either.
People kill people you idiot. Don't confuse WHAT and HOW something is done
with the WHY.
'the government' never did a damn thing. It can't because it isn't.
So? Self-defence isn't the same as murder.
I believe this is called bigotry.
AP, and anarchy in general, is the scream of the failed. Those who have
given up and agreed to be subsumed by their basest nature.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-25 12:36:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: update.513 (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 513  November 22, 2000   by Phillip F. Schewe and Ben
Stein          THE INTERNET IS SURPRISINGLY ROBUST, and it remains
connected on a global scale even if a randomly chosen 99% of its
connection points break down.  However, it is relatively fragile if
its most highly connected points are selectively  knocked out. These are the conclusions of researchers applying physics
principles and precise mathematical models to the study of the
worldwide computer network.  The Internet consists of computer
networks (most commonly, "local area networks") connected by
various devices, known as routers and hubs.  For simplicity's sake,
researchers consider each connection point as a generic "node." Previous work suggests the fraction of Internet nodes having k
connections is proportional to k^-a, for some number a.  This is a
"scale-free power law distribution," which occurs commonly in
nature and appears in the frequency of earthquakes and the size
distributions of clouds and mountains.  Unlike an exponential
distribution, a scale-free power law distribution decays very
slowly, meaning in this case that there is a  large proportion of
computers that still have a significant amount of connections. Recent computer simulations of scale-free networks have shown
that the Internet is resilient for this reason (Albert et al., Nature, 27
July; Albert-Laszlo Barabasi, Notre Dame, 219-631-5767,
alb at nd.edu; see also The Industrial Physicist, December 2000). The latest work now puts this conclusion on a firm mathematical
footing.  Two independent groups (Reuven Cohen, Bar Ilan
University, Israel, 011-972-8-9370131, cohenr at shosji.ph.biu.ac.il;
Duncan Callaway, Cornell, 607-255-9174; dc52 at cornell.edu)
apply percolation theory, developed by geophysicists interested in
estimating how much oil they could extract from reservoirs in a
porous medium.  Percolation theory deals with systems containing
points ("sites") and connections between them, and it analyzes the
behavior of the system when one removes some of the sites or
connections.  Combined with the insights from the scale-free
distribution, the powerful percolation-based approach may help
Internet architects to maximize resistance against Internet attacks,
by controlling the distribution of nodes having certain numbers of
connections.  (Cohen et al, Phys. Rev. Lett, 20 Nov (Select
Articles); Callaway et al., Phys. Rev. Lett., upcoming.)
COSMIC RAYS AND CLOUD COVER. Galactic cosmic rays
(GCRs) play an important role in controlling global cloud cover on
Earth, according to recent studies by researchers at the Danish
Space Research Institute in Copenhagen (Nigel D. Marsh, 011-45-
35325740). GCRs, consisting principally of energetic protons
emitted from stars within our galaxy, are a primary source of the
atmospheric ionization which affects cloud formation.  Because
cloud cover has an impact on both the reflection of solar radiation
and the retention of heat in the atmosphere, correlation  between
GCRs and low level clouds suggests a link between global climate
changes and cosmic ray flux (see figure at
   The discovery reveals a
convoluted connection between solar variability and climate
change. Fluctuations in the sun's radiative output are generally
dismissed as too small to account directly for global warming and
other climate variations. Periods of intense solar activity, however,
lead to powerful solar winds which shield the atmosphere from
cloud-forming GCRs, potentially modulating the global climate.
(N. D. Marsh; H. Svensmark, Physical Review Letters, 4
December.)   Researchers at the University of Leeds (UK), on the
other hand, have observed a direct and rapid connection between
atmospheric chemistry and ultraviolet light from the  sun (Dwayne
E. Heard, 44-113-233-6471, dwayneh at chem.leeds.ac.uk). During
the 97% eclipse of the sun over Ascot, England, local ozone
concentrations fell to 60% of typical daytime levels, and quickly
returned to normal after the event. The study demonstrates the
dynamic connection between sunlight and the photochemistry of
atmospheric gasses which may contribute to global warming, smog
formation, and acid rain. (J. P. Abram; et al, Geophysical Research
Letters, 1 November.)
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE: subscribe or unsubscribe by sending
a message to listserv at aip.org and specify either "add physnews"
or "delete physnews".  Our website is at

@_date: 2000-11-28 21:17:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Is PGP broken? (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Is it just me, or is PGP broken?  I don't mean any particular version
of PGP -- I mean the fact that there are multiple versions of PGP
which generate incompatible cryptography.  Half the time when someone
sends me a PGP-encrypted message, I can't decrypt it.  Presuming that
I'm right, is anyone attempting to fix PGP?
Not to mention anything about PGP keyservers, or the utter and
complete absence of anybody doing point-source PGP signing.

@_date: 2000-11-29 16:18:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Authenticate the "adult field", go to jail... 
Actually it wouldn't because to get 'common carrier' you've got to open
yourself up to other sorts of government regulation and such. It would add
an over-head to the business that it doesn't need.
What we need is respect for the 1st (where is 'common carrier' in the
Constitution anyway?).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-29 16:26:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Arthur Anderson black-bagged, NIPC now spooking 
Carnivore is a toy compared to other commercial tools already out there.
Look at the products from MuTek for example, their 'black box' technology
was done for the CIA.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-29 16:32:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Authenticate the "adult field", go to jail... 
This is identical to the public key management problem, and is just as
Hand waving.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-29 16:57:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Sunders point on copyright infringement & HTML 
Sunder raises a good point about Netscape (and potentially other software
as well) amd forwarding URL's with attached content.
Why is the page attached? Because Netscape attaches the page and doesn't
offer a way to send only the URL from right click -> send page. There
isn't a switch to set default behaviour (and there should be).
So, if you got a bitch about your copyright being infringed, take it to
Netscape since they wrote the program without a mechanism that prevents
users from committing copyright infringement. Of course this opens a
perfect opportunity for LEA's to justify setting at least some basic
programming guidelines that we'd all have to comply with...
As to using HTML, this is 2000 (soon to be 2001). Get used to it. Hell, I
might start embedding ANSI VT100 color codes and the occassional ^g.
Animated ANSI would be pretty cool too. If I get the time I might even
install TurBoard and MGE under an emulation and start including NAPLPS
graphics while I'm at it. I don't have words to express the frustration I
have with straight ASCII text and doing technical work at times (but
that's another issue).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-29 17:15:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CNN.com - U.S. Supreme Court strikes down drug roadblocks 
Buy a decent fucking modem and dump that dinosaur. At 28.8k we're looking
at less than 1m to d/l a 100k file. Big fucking time sink, especially when
considering the total amount of mail one probably receives. If you're
sitting there watching your mail d/l then you're bitching cause you got
too much time on your hands.
This list is about advancing technology and you bunch want to stay at
1980's sorts of handling technology simply because some small percentage
of folks aren't willing to upgrade to current tech. It's their choice,
it's their cross, it's their loss.
You'r a bunch of self-absorbed self-important whinners.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-29 17:33:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: bell does usenet 
You're probably a lawyer with reasoning like this.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-29 17:38:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Bomb info and the terminally stupid (was: Survey meters) 
Simply asking for and receiving bomb info is not a crime. However, if you
were to say carry on a private conversation or help provide parts with
such a person then the whole game changes; conspiracy. Where you'd fuck up
in this situation would be in carrying on any sort of private email
exchange outside of 'go the hell away punk'.
It's also no big deal to buy such books at the local bookstore.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-29 18:10:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bomb info and the terminally stupid (was: Survey meters) 
Which is only one more reason to honor the requests for bomb info (never
mind the 1st or 2nd).
There are no angels among men.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-29 18:27:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Authenticate the "adult field", go to jail... 
Ok, so we've moved the problem of how to turn that number sitting on your
PDA into real cash, retaining full anonymity.
This is the real heart of the key management issue:
It's worth noting that the 'value' of the trust involved in a transaction
is inversely proportional to the number of parties involved (at least in
the general case). The reason is the concept of 'proof'. Consider that I'm
not likely to trust an individual without an arbiter for large
transactions. They'd be rather silly to reciprocate. Thus for me to
'prove' that this person buying my boat with the digital cash without some
3rd party is very expensive. So, by injecting a 3rd party who can
arbitrate transactions and at the same time distrubite the fixed costs
of business outside of the direct transaction fees (if any) across all
transactions (thus lowering the users costs) we begin to see a basic
system. The idea is that the small number of arbiters cover a large
percentage of the market. So, now what's the cost of each arbiter trusting
each other? Is it sufficient to stay within the pool of arbiters with
respect to inter-arbiter arbitration? What sorts of constraints with
respect to 'fairness' algorithms does this impose on the number of
arbiters, there clearly must be three (3) but is this sufficient for all
A few of the many questions are:
-	The 'value' of the digital cash is generally accepted, what sort
-	It's easily converted to/from other forms of cash. This requires
-	How do you build a system that will allow arbiter free
-	Can be purchased anonymously, but at the same time being
-	Require the arbiter to be responsible financially in the case
-	Who designs the standards and software? Who do we trust to
Actually the whole system is going to have to be constructed and dropped
into the society pretty much end-to-end complete.
It is one of the default costs of entering the market. In for a penny, in
for a pound.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-11-30 17:56:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Poe puzzle solved after 150 years 
Talk about a double-standard...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-10-01 14:33:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Shunning, lesbians and liberty 
Again, a simple-minded answer to a very complicated issue. There are
political, racial, religous, and geographic issues that are involved here.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-10-02 16:52:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
There are no elections in a socialism.
One of my main complaints about Democratic Socialist is they have never
explained how one has a central party running everything and yet let
everyone have a choice on how it should be run.
Of course there is NOTHING in the Democratic Socialist part that actualy
commits the central party to the outcome of the elections either. Sort of
a empty promise.
    ___________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-10-16 21:51:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: [texas-hpr] Whiskey, Cigars, and Guns (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    ------------ eGroups Sponsor -------------------------~-~>
Restaurants, Movies, Weather, Traffic & More!
Access Tellme from any phone.  For more info visit:

@_date: 2000-10-22 10:42:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Test - no reply 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-10-23 07:22:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
None, all it takes is probably cause (per the 4th). You have a right to
privacy until your actions infract anothers rights.
I empathise, but it is their country after all, This is mine.
'some level' is not 'adequate level'. Right now every American already has
'some level'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-10-23 07:28:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Change that to 'some government' and you're on the mark. Not all
governments, even in principle, are interested in the individual well
being (feudalism, libertarianism, and anarchy being three of them).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-02 17:44:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Austin: Physical Meet - Sept. 12, 7-9pm 
Central Market HEB Cafe
38th and N. Lamar
We usualy meet outside unless the weather is inclimate.
Look for the red covered "Applied Cryptography" book.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-05 07:27:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: europe physical meeting 
European CDR nodes?
Update on HavenCo?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-08 07:16:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: AmEx offering disposable credit cards... 
See CNN.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-10 08:32:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Test - No Reply 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-12 07:31:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Attention: Any! sun.com users of the CDR 
I am receiving a bunch of bounces from some user at an unknown sun.com
address. There is apparently a 'private' or 'internal' mailing list
subscribed to SSZ. And then that list sends to some user at sun.com.
Unfortunately the address is not one setup to receive email. I have no
direct subscribers to sun.com. This means the only option I have is to go
through the subscriber list one at a time and remove each subscriber and
send a test message till it bounces. At that point I'll have to remove
that entire alias. This will effect more than this single recipient.
I have contacted sun.com requesting they verify their address is 'send
only'. If you happen to be a sun.com user you might want to look into it
as well.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-12 17:15:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Test - No Reply - Testing for nested bounces 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-12 21:30:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Why? 
The folks who worked at the federal building were far from 'plain' folks.
It isn't like they walked into a corner grocery.
In addition, the plain fact is there is a considerable underground
movement in this country today which is in direct and potentialy violent
opposition to this countries current political infra-structure.
Ask yourself this, how could a fugitive who is wanted for several bombings
stay un-found for four years? He certainly isn't working by himself and
there is considerable funding available clearly.
Minimize the politics as you may, it's just sticking your head in the
ground. These sorts of incidents are just the tip of an iceberg.
What legal ground was lost through the execution, apprehension, and
presecution of these people?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-12 22:29:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Why? 
In no way to dismiss the horror, but...
A *federal* child care facility. What knuckle-head ok'ed putting a child
care facility in the same building as several federal LEA headquarters?
And what sort of parent would want to put their child there...?
Their own kids? That level of cold blooded-ness is probably unrealistic.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-13 00:01:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Why? 
If it was only that simple. There is no indication the guy was a rocket
scientist. He is a bomber who was bombing for a 'cause'. We are not
talking a simple bank robber using some dynamite expeditiously. We're
talking cold, calculating, confident.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-13 00:05:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Why? 
Each parent was in a position to make that decision. It was the regional
headquarters for several agencies, it was by definition the place where
such decisions are made. I do not know if the particular individuals who
ok'ed the decision to allow it in the building actualy had or have kids.
However,  to limit the scope of this to only the location decision is an unreasonably narrow definition of responsibility in what happened.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-13 21:33:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Why? 
Not without breaking the security standards. 'Human shield' scenario's are
one of the standard ones. The usual goal is to deprive an attacker of such
You had shitty parents growing up if you think most parents are like this.
If it were up to a single person, those sorts of thing aren't decided by
individuals (just for that sort of reason). You should contact your local
LEA and discuss with them the sorts of security studies they undertake
(especialy when considering headquarters locations).
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-14 20:12:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Noah's Flood 
Actualy it's been dry several times. The Med is in a 'salinity crisis'.
The most recent time the Atlantic broke through at Gibralter there was a
waterfall that was several thousand feet high. The mean level of the Med
is lower even today than the Atlantic with a net flow into the Med.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-15 17:23:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Noah's Flood 
'People' have only been around about a half a million years (depending on
how stringent one is in defining human).
We're recent(!)hairless apes.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-19 17:25:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Excerpt of Mark Summerfield's 'Letter from 2020' 
Pretty lame story all in all.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-19 17:27:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Actualy you can't reply to SOME kinds of anonymous remailers. There are
persistent anonymous accounts that can be two-way. YOU just don't happen
to use one.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-19 17:35:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
A normal ISP account accessed through ZKS (for example), where the
'normal' account is blinded (give 'em bogus data, just make sure the MO's
get there on time) through some mechanism. One could lie, I've never been
asked for ID when setting up an account if I paid with cash to start it.
If these new 'anonymous' credit cards work out this might be a good way to
What purpose is that? To be anonymous does not imply that return traffic
is prohibited. All that is required is a mechanism to 'hide' the
'anonymous <> known' database. In addition, accessing the 'known' account
via transient and real-time (e.g. ZKS) anonymous accounts will provide an
additional layer of mix.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-19 17:37:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: BOUNCE cypherpunks@einstein.ssz.com:     Admin request of type /\b uns\w*b/i at line 8   (fwd) 
With suitable edits...
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Received: from mail3.ccs.bbk.ac.uk (mail1.ccs.bbk.ac.uk [193.61.22.6])
Received: from ccs.bbk.ac.uk (actually host ccs22.ccs.bbk.ac.uk)
          by mail3.ccs.bbk.ac.uk with SMTP (Mailer) with ESMTP;
          Tue, 19 Sep 2000 18:34:23 +0100
Reply-To: k.brown at ccs.bbk.ac.uk
Organization: Birkbeck College Central Computing Services
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.72 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
CC: cypherpunks at toad.com

@_date: 2000-09-19 17:51:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: -C-P- Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
No, I don't do this. I do put a tag in the title for traffic analysis and
easy visual identification. Despite your bitching about it, about 70% of
the mailing lists I'm aware of do the same thing. The only distinction is
they put []'s around it. I could put []'s if that'll make you happy. The
'CDR' itself stays. Very handy for quick visual scanning.     ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-19 18:55:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: The Dark Horse of Intellect Rides Again 
Speaking of sloppy thinking...
Actualy 'yes' or 'no' aren't valid responces. Only 'day' or 'night', one
or the other but not both. This is the English OR not a Boolean Algebra
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-19 18:57:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: The Dark Horse of Intellect Rides Again 
Any 'general' language that prohibits this sort of exclusive-OR is
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-19 20:39:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: More COTUS rants... 
And they say I'm half-baked?...I'm not alone.
Findlaw: The Constitution and your CD's
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-20 01:09:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
That's not necessarily true. I believe both onion routers and ZKS both
provide this (at least in principle).
I also believe there is something in ZKS about their mixing being secure
against themselves...?
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-20 07:26:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: -C-P- Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Well that's ALMOST right. Sendmail (and most other programs for that
matter) allow different levels of logging. Tell sendmail not to log and it
Nah, there's all kinds of ways around that. If it was as simple as
grabbing the source address in a sendmail log most of the spammers would
have been put out of business a long! time ago.
As to finding them, those socialist bastards at ORBS and the like keep
handy lists available.
Irrelevant. Forge your source IP headers.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-20 07:28:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Not if you do it right. Hell, forge your source header on sends (as a
starter, there are lots more ways to do this).
Agreed. I'd say it isn't anonymous at all, in fact.
It's fortunate the TCP/IP and related protocols are so sloppy and easy to
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-20 07:31:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: europe physical meeting 
That' funny. I'd bet bucks that they've never been to Texas and never
seen'a long-horn...;)
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-20 07:34:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: No subject 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-21 17:37:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A cool idea that didn't hold up under cryptanalysis. 
I'd be willing to provide a home for any such material on the SSZ CDR
webpage. I've been re-reading Codebreakers (Kahn) and doing some
pencil-n-paper doodling along the same lines. My intention was to use
I'd also like to offer that Poe's Crypto Challenge might be a good way to
demonstrate the various attacks.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-21 17:41:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
The problem here is there isn't any issue of 'private property' so there
can't be any 'private transactions' in a socialism. This description is
more applicable to fascism.
It's important to note that 'regulation' is different than 'management'.
The first is setting of operational boundaries while the second is active
and immediate activity in the low-level decisions. They are not! the same
thing. This distinction is what keeps all 'states' from being fascist.
A state strictly speaking is a area and population that 'enjoy' the same
basic rules and authorities. Whether it's fascist or not is another
question entirely.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-21 19:43:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A cool idea that didn't hold up under cryptanalysis. 
Oh yeah. I guess I didn't think of that...;)
But on this topic, I just got back from one of the used bookstores with a
copy of,
Secrets of Making and Breaking Codes
Hamilton Nickels
ISBN 0-8065-1563-5
$7 US ($2 used)
1.	General Information
2.	Concealment
3.	Transposition Systems
4.	Basic Substitution Systems
5.	Polyalphabetic Cipher Systems
6.	Code Machines
7.	Codemaster System
8.	Field Message Systems
A.	Common Words and Letters
Only 133 pages so it obviously isn't a deep tomb. However it does have
some BASIC programs that look like a good place to at least start.
If there is any interest I could put up some old tables [1] of:
- Letter/word frequency: English, French, German, Italian, & Spanish
- Notes on Japanese
[1] Cryptography: the science of secret writing
    Laurence Dwight Smith
    ISBN 0-486-20247-x (Dover)
    $5 US
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-22 07:18:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Who refers to capitalism as socialism? If they equate these two polar
concepts then this indicates the speaker doesn't have a clue.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-22 20:42:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
But there is no distinction. There is no private property, therefore you
don't own yourself. You are a state resource to be managed to the
collectives best interest. By definition there can be no 'individual'
transactions. To do so would be direct and intentional theft from the
You're not a good socialist...;)
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-22 20:44:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: would it be so much to ask.. 
And who gives them business licenses and audits their books? Who can shut
down their bank accounts with a simple visit to a judge? Who can
confiscate their property for 'drug related' charges for example?
We're lightly regulated, therefore we're lightly fascist.
It isn't black or white.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-23 19:38:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: <nettime> Rebirth of Guilds 
It gives the parent the right to tell other parties to leave the child
alone. It also means the parent has the responsibility of protecting that
child from harm, as the parent sees it.
As a business in a economic system, you have a responsibility to provide
products and services that the customer wants, not what you want. Not only
is the party a bad citizen, they're a bad economic partner as well.
What has lesbians kissing to do with a company selling adult theme games
to a 9 year old? Nothing. It's a shity straw-man.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-28 18:51:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: SSZ down due to power outage 
There was a power outage this morning around 10am. The dogs couldn't
remember the correct password to get it back up so they had to wait until
I got home.
Hopefully we won't have a relapse.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-28 19:14:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: BOUNCE cypherpunks@einstein.ssz.com:     Admin request of type /\bs ubscribe\b/i at line 3   (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Received: (from cpunks at localhost)
Received: from mail.virtual-estates.net (root at video-collage.com [160.79.196.177])
Received: (from cpunks at localhost)
X-Authentication-Warning: video-collage.com: Processed from queue /var/spool/mqueue-majordomo
X-Authentication-Warning: video-collage.com: Processed by cpunks with -C /usr/local/majordomo/sendmail.cf
Received: from hotmail.com (law-f257.hotmail.com [209.185.130.173])
X-Relay-IP: 209.185.130.173
Received: from mail pickup service by hotmail.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC;
Received: from 166.90.192.98 by lw1fd.hotmail.msn.com with HTTP;	Thu, 28 Sep 2000 15:10:31 GMT
X-Originating-IP: [166.90.192.98]
Old-Subject: Natural rights (was Re: Shunning, lesbians and liberty)
Mime-Version: 1.0
X-OriginalArrivalTime: 28 Sep 2000 15:10:31.0978 (UTC) FILETIME=[3E91C8A0:01C0295E]
At heart, the notion of a right is a moral one; it is closely tied
to the moral concepts of good and evil.  These concepts are known
and understood universally among members of our species.  Some view
them as attributes of their religious belief, but even those who
aren't religious and don't think in terms of "sin" recognize the
concepts.  The idea of right versus wrong is clearly both natural
and universal to humankind.
While individuals' beliefs as to exactly which "natural rights"
exist may differ, all people (save some tiny few sociopaths who
must be considered "abnormal") agree on some of them.  For example,
if you did a poll, you'd find that pretty near 100% of people
believe at some level that they have a right to protect their own
lives and the lives of their family members.   The limits or
boundaries of that right would of course be the subject of
considerable dispute.
A frequent critique of libertarianism (and anarcho-capitalism) is
that it advocates a law-of-the-jungle, winner-take-all society:
that the strong, the wealthy and the powerful prosper while the
weak, the poor and the powerless are doomed to suffering,
exploitation and oppression.
However, it is this idea that natural rights do not exist, that
any right you have is something that can simply be taken away by
"society" (in practice of course that means the government), that
is the real law-of-the-jungle situation.  It is saying, in effect:
you have no rights except those "we" (variously defined as society
or government, but it always boils down to the Men With Guns from
the government) allow you.  "And don't complain too loudly or we
might have to take those away too" (for the chiiiiiildren, perhaps).
I and most others on this list utterly reject that crap.  As James
Donald's .sig used to say (and maybe still does): "We have the
right to defend ourselves and our property, because of the kind of
animals that we are."  You can't take away my right to defend
myself by simply "redefining" it.  And anyone who tries to do so
has marked himself as one worth careful watching, or even perhaps,
as Tim so often suggests, killing.
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-09-29 07:28:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Natural rights (was Re: Shunning, lesbians and liberty) 
No, they are not.
A 'right' is a inate character of an individual. It is what one has by
simply existing. Fundamentaly rights stem from the natural desire to stay
alive and the resultant competition for resources toward that goal.
Fundamentaly ALL rights stem from:
-	You've gotta be alive
-	You have a 'right' to defend that life
It isn't any more complicated than that.
Concepts of right and wrong come human psychology, it's why there is no
absolute right and wrong outside of murder, assault, and theft. They
represent clear cases of 'attack' or the requirement to use self-defence
in order to stay alive.
Right and wrong stem from the societal recognition that living a 'catch as
catch can' world is wasteful and decreases the mean time between failure
for individuals.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-29 18:46:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Re: More Columbine fall-out 
I know for a fact the building has to meet fire code and that the fire
dept. as a matter of course has access to these records 24 hours a day.
Police can get access at any time as well since these records are public.
Sounds to me like they want the end user to pay for extra copies the fire
dept. and police can have in their own databanks.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                     He is able who thinks he is able.
                                           Buddha
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-02 07:27:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail 
Sorry, but I didn't miss anything. You're being naive about traffic
Not if they have video. Simply proving you were geographicaly
co-habitative is enough for probably cause. It doesn't help you, it does
help them.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-03 20:48:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested Reading 
Greenhouse Summer
Norman Spinrad
ISBN 0-812-56656-4
$7 US
Q: Do some ends justify the means? Does doing a lesser evil justified
   if it stops a greater evil?
My answer: No, because the 'end' is just another 'means' to a different
           end.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-03 22:45:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
I didn't miss any point. I simply rebutted a one-sided statement.
I'm a 'democratist' I believe the ONLY way a society will ever survive is
to develop a sense of 'acceptance' and 'tolerance' for alternate views. I
also, in contrast to crypto-anarchist and libertarians, don't believe
'money' or 'wealth' has a damn thing to do with that.
It's an interesting observation about many cypherpunks that they want open
technology in every venue EXCEPT legal and medical. Directly contrary to
'life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness' and most especially contrary
to 'equal protection under the law' or the basic goal of civilization and
law - self-defence.
Too many people want to use it to coerce, Libertarians being no exception.
If that, in your or Declans view, makes me a 'non-cypherpunk' then the
failing is not mine but rather yours.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-03 23:35:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
Almost right, change that 'anarchic' to 'democratic' and you'll have much
more consistent philosophy. One based on something other than predation
and manipulation.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-03 23:41:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
No Sandy, it's still you and your anarchist/libertarian/heirarchist cohorts who miss the point.
It isn't our arguing that gives them anything. What they're afraid of is
we'll find a way to live together and still have our individual views
fully protected. What frightens all of you is you'll find out you haven't
found 'the way', that in fact there is no such beast. Utopia doesn't exist
and can't.
You want to know what they fear the most (and anarchist, libertarians, and
all manipulative philosophies)?
That the populate in general will find a way to resolve the disparities
and problems by simple understanding and toleration.
Toleration doesn't mean an end to arguments. Why? Because democracy isn't
built on 'cooperation', it's built on confrontation. It's built on drawing
a line in the sand and knocking the living shit out of anyone, anyone, who
steps over it. And knowing that when it comes to a time for accounting
those fellow citizens will support your choice. Why? Because the
initiation of force (ie stepping over the line) is NEVER JUSTIFIED FOR ANY
REASON. EVER.
     When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one
     people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them
     with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the
     separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of
     Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of
     mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel
     them to the separation.
     We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created
     equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain
     unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the
     pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments
     are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the
     consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government
     becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People
     to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying
     its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in
     such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their
     Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that
     Governments long established should not be changed for light and
     transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that
     mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable,
     than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are
     accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations,
     pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce
     them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their
     duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for
     their future security.
There is one, and only one 'truth' about human society.
The buck stops with the individual citizen.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-04 07:24:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
Wanting this country to follow the tenets and philosophy of Democracy as
strictly layed down in the Declaration of Independent and the Constitution
makes me a 'revolutionary'?
Well, at least thank you for honestly admitting my points and view are
valid and legitimate.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-04 22:26:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
Apples and Oranges...but thanks for recognizing my point.
Additionaly, to answer such a question or furnish such proof can't be
required. It might be incriminating and violate my 5th Amendment right
                                Amendment VI
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-04 22:34:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
You should have screamed 5th Amendment.
It says you don't have to answer ANY question.
The last sentence most certainlly DOES say the state must pay for it, and
in ALL criminal cases. That 'compulsory process' clause guarantees it.
                                Amendment VI
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
Since there is no clause which states that I as the accused must pay for
my own defence (which if you think about it for half a second goes against
democratic philosophy in the first place, the burden is always on the
accuser) I claim the right, under the 9th, that the state must pay.
The state wishes to disagree?
                                 Amendment X
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or
to the people.
Now the state is REQUIRED to demonstrate through some clause (ie delegate)
in the Constitution that the defendent MUST show financial disability?
Haven't we already demonstrated that there is no such clause above?
Hence, the state is required to provide an attorney for every person who
is accussed of a crime. No exceptions, no test, no if's, no and's, no
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-04 22:35:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: And about the Fed's issuing subpeona's against themselves 
Which clearly demonstates my main point.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-04 22:36:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Needing a law degree for the Constitution 
Which proves my main point.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-04 23:33:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
Doesn't need to be.
He's there to help advise process and make sure papers get fuiled in an
acceptable manner. He isn't there to defend you per se, that's your job
under the 1st and 5th.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 00:50:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Did you ever notice?... 
Realy only the Supreme Court, they'd look pretty silly ruling against the
line; No people, the Supreme Court is more authoritative than the
Constitution. My suggestion, not being a lawyer, would be that when one
were arraigned you demand a lawyer and a 'whatever the legal term is for a
time-out' so that you could submit procedural issues to the Supreme Court
related to the fundamental legal process and its Constitutionality (the
court appointed attorney, however crappy, should know this process). Be
sure to send all the bills to the prosecutors office for payment as well.
You reallly don't have to worry in the long run about them confiscating
your property, the Constitution says private property taken for public use
must be compensated for. Determining if the legal system is constitutional
is clearly a 'public use' with respect to confiscated property.
But the reality is we don't really have to worry at all about what
they think/want.
It's supposed to be openly confrontational. Fuck the bastards. It ain't
like you're a federaly owned nigger or something. And you sure as hell
don't owe them an accounting until after you've been found guilty by a
jury of commiting some crime. And even then they must respect ALL your
civil liberties since they don't come from the government in the first
place (eg see 1st).
Here's my plan...;)
It is clear that since the Civil War the influence of the states has
wained. As a result we've seen an immense, and now clearly unwanted,
growth in fascist/socialist and now free-market/libertarian views at the
federal level. Views in fact fed  by the statistical mechanics of spin
doctor journalism based on 'surveys' (as if might makes right). Look at
the hue and cry over the New Deal being 'socialist' and this was roughly
60 years ago? And we de-cry the press manipulation of the Chinese over the
recent aircraft fiasco? Pot, Kettle...
So we need to come up with a way such that the States can re-take their
role as 'relief' driver/brakeman on the wagon train we call America. The
people are the horses, by the way (just because we're in charge doesn't
mean we get to sit on our asses - damned puritan work ethic :)
In each state a group of citizens forms with the express intent of
developing potential constitutional amendments and assisting in the
election of poly-partisan state representatives who will accept such
amendments for review. The point is to get people elected who are
favorable to receiving these sorts of public input, not to elect persons
of a certain view.
Each individual state group works in concert with the n-1 state groups
through some 'national caucus' where the actual submitted amendments would
be filtered and 'homogenized'.
Then they would be submitted to each of the states for review and
disposition. Note that the actual text would in all cases be exactly the
same, there is a real issue over verbage with respect to amendments. Best
to avoid the litmus test since it isn't covered in the DoI or the C.
The states, through a 3/4 majority can amend the Constiution without
federal involvement of any kind. The bastards just get up one morning and
have a new hoop to jump through.
Through this mechanism any activity of the federals could be countered in
short order. In a critical and widely held case possibly as little as 30
days. Hell, the fed's can't wipe their ass that fast from a precedural
point of view.
The fact is that all amendments to date have come through Congress. Every
time the states have started a movement Congress has taken it up.
I've spent several hundred dollars having different lawyers review this
suggestion and each has said it is legal. Not one of them liked it
however. You are of course welcome to your own opinion.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 17:56:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
I don't think you have a choice. The state is supposed to provide you the
MINIMAL amount of legal protection as described in the C & BoR.
The point isn't to play procedural games.
A lawyer is supposed to pass a bar exam which 'certifies' them as
competent to practice law. Now if your lawyer happens to be ignorant of
the relevant laws you might be able to get them changed because in that
case it would be clear they could not 'assist' you with your defence.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
      authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 17:59:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
Amendment VI
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
Where is the phrase 'can't deny'?
It says 'and to have assistance of council for his defence', there are no
conditionals in there.
Further the state has a 'compulsory process' (look up the word compulsory)
which clearly includes a lawyer. There is no statement that it is the
defendent which must supply it. In fact NOTHING in this amendment
addresses what the defendent MUST do at all.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
      authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 18:02:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
I don't do interviews.
I also own the copyright on everything I post to Cypherpunks. If it gets
printed without my permission (and I won't give it) in a newspaper or
other COMMERCIAL venture it is copyright infringement. You're free to post
excerpts. I believe ~200 lines is the maximum allowed under current
copyright law.
Here's the real test to see if you really do respect 'private property'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
      authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 18:05:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Cryptography mailing list has moved... (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
      We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
      authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
For those that don't know, the cryptography mailing list has moved --
it is now cryptography at wasabisystems.com (subscriptions via majordomo etc.)
It has been up and running there for a while but I forgot to announce
it here.

@_date: 2001-04-05 18:45:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cryptographic protocols for government? 
In such a world the question of what a crime is would be easy to define,
A crime is an act, or in some cases a failure to act, which harms a
person, property, or a public trust without prior permission.
In any 'crime' in that society there would be a very pissed of body
wanting 'justice' or else a dead, rotting one. There would be 'evidence'
of crime.
Theft, or more properly 'property violations' perhaps, where one persons
property was taken, used, or simply trespassed across without permission.
However, with that sort of ubiquitous technology I suspect there would be
several cameras with sufficient documentation to resolve the issue. GPS
receivers that page you if your care exceeds three (3) miles from some
specified location. etc.
Breaking a 'public trust', I'm still working on. Clearly parallel issues
of 'evidence' arise similar to 'theft'. The question, and one I'm not
prepared to attempt to answer publicly today, is "Are there any
differences? Is there some special class specific character?"
As to criminals and how to deal with them...
In my mind the majority of 'criminals' aren't trying to 'destroy society',
they're trying to live their life and having a hard time of it. While they
may have 'initiated a harmful act' they are also a victim, ask any 12 year
old kid who shot themselves in the head because the people around her
thought they were somehow 'better'. Burglars and such (mainly no person
was harmed) I wouldn't put in jail, unless they refused to co-operate or
else broke 'the deal'. I'd require them to continue with their lives, get
a job, pay a restitution amount (reasonable, not some trumped up bullshit
to pay for some feds Porsche payment), and participate in other 'social'
acts (eg each Saturday for the next 20 years you will go over to the
persons house you broke into and mow their lawn and do yard work at your
own expense).
Why the hell the people pay for a criminals incarceration is beyond me. I
certainly have no desire to pay for the assholes room and board. Anyway...
If they got in trouble a second time during that 20 years, then they would
have to start all over again. Do it three times and it's off to jail. But
not todays jails, probably not like any jails ever.
For non-violent and non-likely-to-escape (remember all that ubiquitous
technology) prisoners they would be assigned a house, a job, and a routine
to fill their week. It should require mandatory educational tracks the
prisoner pays for. The pay would be equivalent to a 'outside' job. The
prisoner would be required to take care of the house and such at their own
expense. Their family should even be allowed to live there as far as that
Now, what about violent offenders? In my mind the worth of parole, time of
for good behaviour, etc. are nil. If a person commits a violent crime
where a person is harmed (but not killed or seriously incapacitated) and
the priosoner is not likely to do it again, I suggest something in the
neighborhood of a minimum sentence of 20 years. For acts where a person
was killed the prisoner should get life. They should be isolated from
other prisoners as well. They should still be required to keep a job if
they want anything beyond three hots and a cot.
Now, what about prisoners who are violent and don't want to co-operate?
Treat them just like lifers but only for their sentence. When released, if
a subsequent crime is commited and they still don't consent to cooperate
then sentence them to life. "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice,
shame on you. Fool me three times, shame on me."
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
      authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 19:10:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - U.S. was familiar with Chinese pilot - April 5, 2001 
A defection gone bad? (re email address)
You think maybe this guy got picked up by a sub? Would make a good spy novel

@_date: 2001-04-05 19:12:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution - April 5, 2001 
Isn't this McVeigh's 'speech' and 'press', does he want it broadcast? If so
then the state should be compelled under the 1st, 9th, & 10th to comply.

@_date: 2001-04-05 19:24:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Police right to 'privacy' 
Has anyone told these gentlemen in blue that there is 'no right to
privacy' currently recognized in this country by 'their' side?
"A nation as a society forms a moral person, and every member of it is
 personally responsible  for his society."
"When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself public
 property."
                                          Thomas Jefferson
Now, who pays them to do that job?
"Equal protection under the law" is a bitch, isn't it boys?...
Who guards the guardians in America? The People, eventually ;)
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
      authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 21:13:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Go back to the archives and look at my original attempt to set a policy
that SSZ subscribers posts were 'public domain'. It was immediately after
Igor and I put up the original two-site CDR.
Note who was arguing in the contrary.
No, there is no 'implied consent'. I own SSZ. I own the copyright of my
words. There is no 'meeting of minds' between you and I for example, so
there can be no 'contract', implied or otherwise (since I've said publicly
I won't agree).
There is no fine print that states 'we reserve the right to edit all
Go fuck off god-$ fascist.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 21:45:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution - April 5, 2001 
But he's under coercion. Legitimate or not, that changes the rules of the
game. He's the accussed. He can elect others to speak for him in
situations where he can't speak for himself.
Your thesis breaks down into,
Your right to speak exists only so long as you can willingly stop/start
it. So by logical extension, the suppression of speech in a 'control
economy' culture such as the ex-CCCP is justified. That in fact, once one
looses the freedom of speech they may in fact never LEGITIMATELY regain
it. That the 'choice' is constrained is an irrelevant factor.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 22:29:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
I sent a set of questions to the list a while back about people wanting
their submissions removed from this or that archive. I got to thinking
about it and decided that it probably does infringe copyright. This was
one of my concerns when we started the CDR. It was why I wanted at least
one 'public domain' source of information, to ensure it wasn't censored
through litigation over 'ownership of ideas'. It's also one of the reasons
I keep the much maligned 'CDR:' in there, it's a way of identifying what
'user license' it was submitted under (ie none). It's also why I haven't
ever run a archive myself.
My personal feelings are that I don't believe in the concept of IP. I
believe that it is an unnecessary constraint on the advancement of society
for the mere reason of stabalizing (or slowing it down depending on ones
view) an economy for individual gain. It's not ethical. As insane in my
view as assigning 'rights' to a business.
But, from a practical point if I can use them to make a point I feel
justified in doing it. I like the almost Zen irony, stabbing oneself with
ones own sword (figuratively speaking of course).
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 22:40:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution - April 5, 2001 
'Governments' have no 'rights'. McVeigh isn't 'property'.
Go read the first two paragraphs of the DoI.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-05 22:41:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Sure you can. What you can't do is refuse to remove an item by its author.
And if you do make money on it they can sue for recovery of damages.
Like a said, a good test for ones concept of 'respect private property'...
God-$ Fascist.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-06 07:33:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Then Napster should have no problem since 'possession' is 9/10's of the
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-06 16:55:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
What the hell does 'cypherpunks' have to do with it?
Come on, spell it out...
'implied consent'? Where? Who says? You? You don't speak for me, and I
certainly never gave consent, implied or otherwise, and I operate one of
the nodes. If anyone has a 'right' to decide what the policies are or
aren't it's the people operating the nodes. Not the users.
No, there is no 'implied' anything. Certainly nothing that can be
construed to mean that every piece of material sent to this list is in the
public domain.
Your claim is equivalent to saying if somebody comes and talks about their
technology at one of the physical meet they are 'implicitly' giving
permission to use.
Simply because a discussion is 'public' doesn't make it 'public domain'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-06 17:01:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.533 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 533  April 4, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein, and
James Riordon
A DIAMOND AS BIG AS THE RITZ.  Life expectancy is not the
[SSZ: text removed]
QUANTUM TELEPORTATION OF A MOVING ATOM. Quantum teleportation involves transmitting all of the information
contained in a quantum-mechanical particle (such as a photon or
atom) to another particle, even if the two are completely separated
by a large distance.   Experimentally demonstrated with photons in
numerous labs, quantum teleportation schemes have up to now
focused on transmitting a particle's internal states, such as photon
polarization.  Exploring quantum teleportation with atoms, an
Israel-Germany-Czech Republic collaboration (Tomas Opatrny,
Weizmann Institute/F. Schiller University, pto at tpi.uni-jena.de) has
come up with an experimental proposal for transmitting an atom's
full information including its "external" states, such as its energy of
motion.  This procedure replicates the quantum features of the
external motion of a particle.  For example, if particle-to-be-
teleported C yielded a diffraction pattern after passing through two
slits, then the same pattern would be produced by particle B, which
receives the teleported information.  The researchers propose the
following idea: Dissociate a very cold molecule with a laser pulse
into two atoms (called A and B).  Then, manipulate the two atoms
so that they become entangled: each one is in a fuzzy state
individually but has a precisely defined relationship with its
partner.  Then, let one of the entangled particles (such as A) collide
with particle C, whose unknown state should be teleported.  After
their collision, the momentum values of the collision partners A and
C are measured.  With that information, the researchers know how
to "kick" and deflect atom B so that the motion of B precisely
emulates that of particle C.   Teleportation is extremely demanding,
but the authors say that state-of-the-art equipment for studying
atomic collisions and quantum effects makes this experiment "hard
but feasible." (Opatrny and Kurizki, Phys. Rev. Lett., 2 April 2001.)
FLUID OXYGEN BECOMES METALLIC at a pressure of 1.2
[SSZ: text removed]
MOST DISTANT SUPERNOVA.  The careful analysis of an
[SSZ: text removed]
THE BIGGEST QUASAR SURVEY EVER, constituting an
[SSZ: text removed]
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-06 19:02:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A suggested musical tune 
"Eve of Destruction"
There are two 'classic' version. The first by the writer, Barry McGuirre .
The second by The Turtles (released in 1970 when I was 10 years old
learning to love my country and hate my government).
Look at todays headlines and then listen to the song...
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-07 09:10:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
A copyright notice isn't required to copyright a work. It's automatic.
Moot point.
Napster has a problem because they're distributing work that belongs to
somebody else.
Consider this, do you own the music on a CD that you purchase? No.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       We have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their
       authority.
                                               D.H. Lawrence
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-09 07:36:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cyberpass.net 
Is it back?
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-09 17:40:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: p-adic chaos in random number generation: reference materials avail? 
Check out a new book about the 'future of math'...
Mathematics Unlimited - 2001 and beyonde
ed. B. Engquist, W. Schmid
ISBN 3-540-66913-2
$45 US
The book is meant as a survey for grad students and practicing
mathematicians of the current 'hot' topics in mathematics. I'd do the ToC
but it's like 60+ chapters...
There is a chapter on "The p-adic L-Functions of Modular Elliptic Curves"
by Massimo Bertolini & Henri Darmon.
There's also a chapter by Koblitz on crypto and one on quantum crypto by
Jozef Grusak.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-09 18:16:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Micropayments, misc. 
URL? We don't need no stinking URL. (it was on /.)
You take a toothpick and place it on a holder. Light it. Place a large
glass bowl (a fishbowl is acceptable) over the burning toothpick with
something holding the bowl off the floor of the microwave (so the
toothpick stays lit). Crank up the microwave on high for about 10 seconds.
I don't mind receiving inquiries for help from individuals on specific
topics or goals. What I specifically object to is people trying to take my
public discussion private. From my perspective such discussion is useless
for giving ideas public exposure and wastes a lot of my time that I'd
rather spend doing other things. In short, don't expect to get into long
drawn out discussions in private email unless I've known you for quite a
Enjoy the plasma ball...(hint: try a screen)
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-10 15:44:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: TannerWatch: Jack don't need no body language 
More 'British Common Law' crap. Even a judge should need probable cause
and must present it to another magistrate prior to action.
Equality under the law.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-10 15:45:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Which is in effect a 'phone book', they are distributing.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-10 21:23:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: UCITA & Cypherpunks - We got a plan... 
Well, actually it's a plan to make a plan ;)
We intend the following:
-	Identify the several bills (UCITA, UEITA, etc.) that are currently
-	Identify pro and con sources of information.
-	Identify pro and con members of the legislature.
-	Compare and contrast the various 'positions' and develop an
-	Begin an information campaign that will hit both the traditional
-	Identify each of the steps that the bills will need to go
-	Develop a presentation and arrange appointments with legislators
-	Pray for deliverance from the pestilence of God-$ (not that
To help resolve these issues, in addition to the monthly Cypherpunk get
together, we will institute a bi-weekly meeting to work further on these
goals. I will be making the meeting location and time announcements on the
Austin Cypherpunks and ucita-tx mailing lists only!!!!!
We also intend to 'beef up' the SSZ homepage. One idea was to create a
'bulletin board' (eg WWWBoard) so that interested parties could
participate in a more long-lived manner than a simple mailing list.
We also intend to re-write the 'form letter' on the 'Fight UCITA in
Texas!' webpage. The feeling was that it was too long and not as well
worded as it needed to be.
Currently the mailing lists and resources are:
Austin Cypherpunks
austin-cpunks at einstein.ssz.com (closed to outside submissions)
UCITA-TX Mailing List
ucita-tx at einstein.ssz.com (closed to outside submissions)
Note that the mailing list itself is non-partisan. The same can't be
said for the webpage and most certainly not the cpunks.
Ta ta.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-10 22:34:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Java cryptanalysis program: the DSA flaw in OpenPGP (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I have written a Java cryptanalysis program and article
for the Laissez Faire City Times regarding the recently
announced DSA flaw in OpenPGP.  The program does the calculations to back out the (secret) private key.
An advance copy of the article and program is available

@_date: 2001-04-11 07:51:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Finaly, Declan finds it within his magnanimous soul to admit defeat.
There are three contributing factors to government of IP anywhere.
1.	Law, which states it's copyrighted by default as you create
2.	The list owners, none of whom require any sort of IP transfer
3.	The subscribers voluntary acceptance of the above two when they
The archives would be on shaky ground if pushed legally to remove a given
piece of material. Anyone who were to say take the Cypherpunks archive and
publish it would legally be limited to the 'fair use' clauses currently in
application in their jurisdiction and anywhere their published work was
distributed (excluding used bookstores, gifts, etc. which could make
this last point really, really squishy).
Hence, I own my words - you own your words. If somebody wants to use 'em
outside of 'fair use' they gotta get your permission. As far as I'm
concerned as long as no money is being made off it I'm fine, if money is
to be had then 'NO'. I don't even want to talk about a 'cut'. 'NO'.
A very handy test of 'respect for private property'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-11 07:56:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: UCITA & Cypherpunks - We got a plan... 
Declan, all those cc:'s bounced. Did you enjoy it?
We still write code and much more, look at the growing CDR for an example.
We're just not silly enough to believe code alone will change the world.
He don't know me very well do he? If I'm an agent then I have a major
complaint, all my checks are late. I quit.
Old cypherpunks: money hungry and predatory - Declan
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-11 16:09:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Actually they can if there is a contract that requires it and you as a IP
owner sign it. For example, what I had originaly intended to do with the
SSZ node was to 'authenticate' each submission. That means the software
sends it to the list owner for verification. At that point a contract
between myself and each subscriber would have specifically, and
individualy, converted each submission to SSZ to public domain. It would
have used digital signatures for post authentication of the contract if
there were a disagreement at a later time.
Currently you are correct, there are no stipulations of transfer of IP
related to participating in the CDR. I now believe that is the best
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-11 17:44:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
That's a contract, a 'meeting of minds'.
Where is such commentary on ANY cpunks node????
Your point is moot.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-11 17:46:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: tcs-gateway13.treas.gov 
You're not from around here are you?
IRS (Treasury)
    ____________________________________________________________________
       To speak algebraically, Mr. M. is execrable, but Mr. G. is
       (x+1)-ecrable.
                                         Edgar Allan Poe
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-11 23:48:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: Re: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
You mean like the 'igor' project I mentioned a while back?
I"m accepting suggestions that don't fall into the 'Stick it up your ass'
category. Those you can keep :)
igor (v 0.1)
A remailer for Plan 9
James Choate
ravage at ssz.com
One of the primary values of the Internet is email. It provides a reliable
and consistent link across time and space. It is the proto-typical killer
app. However, to use email effectively there should be two additional
features. We don't promise more don't exist. The first feature is the
ability to reflect or remail a single email to many recipients. The second
is to strip identifying header information from the sender prior to the
subscriber getting it.
igor does not use 'embedded routing commands' like many other anonymous
remailer packages. We believe that tampering or altering the body of the
email is simply wrong. We offer two way to input data into igor. The first
is through Subject: line escaped commands and the second is through
additional header files. An example of each is,
X-igor: some_commands
This allows the first remailer to strip the command data out and then
process the email as if igor had never been involved. igor supports limited
routing selection, which is intended to make traffic analysis harder. igor
sends individual emails embedded in igor-specific header info to eliminate
as much interaction with the email itself. All inter-igor traffic is
encrypted with PK's managed by the Evil Geniuses.
With respect to key management, I am not a big believer in current
schemes. I don't believe the 'PGP Ring of Trust' is workable because of
scaling problems. What I intend is for each remailer to 'know' only a
small group of other remailers (limited to three for testing, but the
design will support an unlimited number technicaly). So, when igor_1 hands
off to igor_2, all igor_2 knows is that he's k in a n-length chain. He
subtracts one and randomly selects another igor other than igor_1 to send
it to. The remailer igor_2 sends it to, igor_3, will NOT know about igor_1
so it is completely possible that igor_3 may send an email right back to
igor_1 for delivery to the recipient. Provided of course that igor_1 and
igor_3 have had prior communications. The intent, at least in simple
principle, was to allow each key to be 'authorized' to the standards of
each operator. I felt this offered a reasonably strong approach and should
handle scaling well. On the flip sice, if igor_2 sends covor traffic he
won't send it to igor_1 for that mail. I felt that sending igor_1 any sort
of traffic was counter productive unless you always sent traffic back to
the initiator remailer. This seems 'evil' to me. It's a start...
My current problem is deciding what encryption scheme to use for
inter-igor relays...?
Plan 9 is an operating system developed by the fathers of *nix to 'fix'
the problem of *nix. The system has integrated and fully scalable
I/O-authorization kernels, process kernels, and file system kernels. Each
kernel is connected through a authorization mechanism that doesn't send
keys over the network. The low level network layer, Plan 9, is currently
implimented with DES. At some point this should be replaced with something
a tad more stout. It also needs a mechanism to anonymize file and process
space access. Strong crypto is clearly a pre-requisite for this. Once
those features are in place a true 'Data Haven' could be easily
Plan 9 is open source and can be obtained from,
The only transvestite operating system in existence, and so what if the
bunny is ugly?
Route Commands (ie igor: * * ...):
strip			Strip the From: header
zombie			Strip the From: header and replace with
route#			Route the message through # other igor nodes,
cover			Provide cover traffic for each outbound email by
subscribe $		Subscribe to mailing list $
who $			Who is subscribed to list $?
info $			Provide info on list $
help			Request an info-help file
igor Configuration Parameters (igor.conf):
MyPubKey		This remailers public key, non-traffic related
MyOwnKey		This remailers private key, non-traffic related
MyPubRing		My public key ring, this contains a mapping of each
MyOwnRing		My private key ring, this contains a mapping of each
GHeader: $		Place this at the beginning of all emails through
GFooter: $		Place this at the foot of all emails through this
Open: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will provide all info to any
List: *, *, *, ...      These mailing lists will provide info only to a
Close: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will not provide any info
Verify: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists always verify each operation
ArchDir $		The archive files should go in the $ directory
Archive: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will create an archive file,
User Accounts:
igor - remailer contact account (mail address that executes program)
master - owner of remailer (a person who receives status and such)
undead - another trusted 'igor' remailer
Standard Accounts:
master:some_user:{list of other users}
igor:master:{list of other users}
list_name:igor:{lot of subscribers, a file}
Copyright 2001 All rights reserved
Permission to use for non-commercial purposes only is granted.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-11 23:55:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 00:03:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
Roger, wilco. I can add at least some of these suggestions into 'igor'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 17:42:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Bullshit, I am not.
I am saying that if you want to print them in such places you can't print
them outside of the 'fair use' clauses. Under current law that is limited
to about 200 lines total in any one work.
If you want to print several of them, or all of them, then you DO need my
As usual, you couldn't get the point right if it was on top of your head.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 17:49:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
How? Saying it over and over like a Buddhist mantra won't make it so.
A privately run mailing list is not equivalent to USENET where there is no
subcription or other 'access' process. The same can't be said about a
mailing list where one must 'subscribe' using a valid email address for
receipt. Access to USENET does not require any special action on the part of the reader or poster.
No, I haven't. In fact nobody on this list has, implied or otherwise.
Actually under current law, if the article included more than about 200
lines of my posts then I'd have a very strong case.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 18:23:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
No, neither I or you have consented to any such thing. What I have done is
given permission to other CDR nodes to forward it to their subscribers.
Nothing in that consent can be implied to make it 'public domain'. I
haven't given them permission to archive it or otherwise use it outside of
that. At no point have I or any subscriber through SSZ given the
subscribers ANY permission to use it other than personal or educational
use. If they wish to use it for commercial gain then all rights still
revert to the original author.
See Section 17, Chapter 2, Section 204. Where is your 'instrument'? The
wording prevents 'implied' instruments since they can't have a
Chapter 1, Section 111 and Chapter 5, Section 512 applies to the CDR
operators themselves for example. There are other sections as well that
Depends on how long the message was.
Nobody, other than Declan, you, and other reading inhibited, is claiming
Actually not most likely. The articles were not meant in any sort of
'commercial use' and forwarded only for 'educational' purposes (ie 'fair
use' to foster debate) as I only forwarded single articles and not entire
source content from the originating sites.
Had I known I could create even more bitching by forwarding just the URL's
I would have been doing that long ago.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 19:46:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: abnormal mental condition: Ninth Ct Model Criminal Jury Instructions 
That's the worst possible approach. It's exactly what the system wants.
Then they can call you 'incompetent' or whatever and lock you away for an
indefinite period. With doctors who are convinced you're nuts. Yep, that's
a smart move. That's like asking for 4 with 3 of a kind.
find a host of constitutional issues with the way the process itself was
carried out.
The only 'crime' (ie an act which harmed a person or their property)
commited was related to mail, and he wasn't facing charges on that.
Everything else that was presented was opinion. I didn't see a single
'established beyond a reasonable doubt fact' in the entire prosecutions
case. A lot of mumbo jumbo about 'how scared I felt' (emotional impact,
unless demonstrably physically or mentaly debilitating, in some way is not
'harm' in the criminal sense). The crap about 'commercial only access' is
so un-constitutional on so many grounds you'd have to be blind not to see
them. A discrimination between 'business' and 'personal' use with regards
publicly funded documents and resources is clearly a violation. You are in
effect saying that I as an individual can do nothing more than walk down
to the courthouse, dig through a database, fill out a form and create a
DBA. It usually is quite cheap to free to submit (they alternate between
free and $15 here in Texas on some weird process I've never understood).
Then you walk over to the County Comptrollers Office and get yourself a
Tax ID, they're free. They like people volunteering to pay them more
money. And all of a sudden I've got some 'right to access' over and above
a 'non-registred' human being? Bullshit. The failure of the judge to
provide witnesses and access to material for Jim's defence is clearly in
violation of the 6th. The entire issue of how much money Jim has is
nothing more than a slide around the 5th. & 6th. The guns are completely
inadmissable because at no time did anyone show Jim had 'intent' to do
anything with them. Otherwise you've got to be saying he was 'sleep
walking' first, and then prove it was his 'psychological hatred of law
enforcement' that drove him to commit...what acts again? Owning a firearm in and of itself is insufficient for any reasonable deduction of 'intent'.
They also never demonstrated he had any bullets for them. Or that he had
been practicing with them. Or any other act for that matter specificaly
related to the possession of a firearm and a commission of a crime. He
owned guns, big fucking deal. The officer was 'afraid'? I thought that was
the justification for the gun in the first place. You either are or aren't
afraid for your life. There is no degree. And being afraid of ones life is
in and of itself nothing more than a strongly held opinion. Prove you hold
that feeling please? Demonstrate it here in the court. Opinions, however
strongly felt, are inadmissable as evidence in most cases.
etc., etc., etc. And our brightest go to law schools to help make a better society...
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 19:52:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: justification for anonymous jury in circuit court 
Does that mean they have to show that a lot of people want to kill judges?
Or that Jim Bell is very likely to act to directly or indirectly cause
harm to any of the specific (or probably a general target randomly
selected should receive protection also, don't you think?) persons
involved? Don't you have to first prove he had ANY intent to harm first?
Near as I can tell the way to prove intent is to demonstrate through a
chain of acts, or demonstrably intended acts (say a video tape or a
diary) to harm somebody in a general sense.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 19:56:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
I never said I had intent to sue anyone. I only said that I would not, and
don't, intend to give commercial permission for the reproduction of my
words. And I specifically used you as an example. I also asserted that no
such permission is given by participating in the CDR, implicitly or
explicity. Contrary to your assertion.
Having you hop around like a frog on a hot plate is quite entertaining
enough in its own way.
Thank you for the free advertising.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 20:08:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Theory of the corporation 
Who's desirable effects? The 'market' is a statistical beast, it breaths
and lives on groups of individuals doing basically the same thing, only
with different colors or shapes. Why? Because people share many, many,
common needs and drives. The 'guiding hand' is human group psychology.
People are strange, and there are a lot of them. It is better that they
each be allowed to find their own way, than to make them all use one way.
At least then each has a hope of better times. The alternative is a 3 hour
symphony in G above Middle C for about 75 years.
You can until they create a strategy that is hyperbolic with respect to
competitors. Then the market monopolizes. The reality is that a market of
two choices is only marginaly better than a market of one choice. It does
not have the ecological variety that a more diverse atmosphere would
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-12 20:10:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About villages... 
What's the different between straffing a village and keeping the needed
industry to support it out? Either way the village isn't there anymore,
and in neither case was it voluntary or contingent upon a consensual
choice of the villagers themselves. It was upon the imposition by
coercion, economic is no cleaner than physical, to comply or else.
And nothing more.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-13 15:46:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Fw: THIS IS WHAT DEMOCRACY LOOKS LIKE to air in Canada April 16th (fwd) 
Sent: Friday, April 13, 2001 12:18 PM
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-13 16:33:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven  (Intellagora) 
You realize those are the exact same questions I've been asking of the
crypto-anarchist since day one?
Careful, you're going to be agreeing with me pretty soon...
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-16 00:29:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
Not at all, the secret is 'IF'. If the power is on those little oscillators are humming.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-16 00:35:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Culture of Secrecy, Disinformation, and , Propaganda... 
Actually that's not accurate, it depends on the particular 'hyper-cycles'
that the various components rely on in their existance.
Simply because a system is distributed doesn't imply that each 'node' or
participant is identical and non-unique (which is the problem with your
water comparison). Even in a fully distributed crypto-anarchy system the
individual are unique and non-interchangeable. Otherwise the entire 'pay
yoru way' would fall down, there'd be no reason to pay anything for
anything. If you were all interchangeable you'd already have whatever
it was we were talking about exchanging.
Bullshit. If it wasn't for the biosphere trapping hydrogen in water it'd
be gone a long time ago (ie no water).
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-16 01:08:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Message from a Parallel Universe 
No, markets are not anarchy. But let's focus on 'free markets' since
that's what you really intended to address in your overly broad assertion.
A 'free market' exists because everyone does one of two things, they
sell, they buy. Clearly nothing 'anarchic' about this as any other
activity (which would be allowed under a anarchy) isn't relevant to the
market functioning and in fact would most likely impinge on the 'free'
part of the market. Consider Tim's claim that in a free market he should
be able to 'throw somebody out of my business because they don't have the
sexual preference I want or they happen to use a wheelchair'.
Simply because something is 'distributed' and not centrally managed
doesn't in and of itself imply any sort of 'anarchy'; the literal
definition or the new age crypto-anarchic one of 'no coercion in the
market', which puts every marketing dweeb on the planet out of a job.
This of course addresses one of the requirements of any 'free market', the
goods are undifferentiable within a given consumer and vendor set
(n human market has never met this criteria, even in principle).
All a 'market' really is is a semi-stable collection of resources,
traders, and users which is balanced to such an extent that it won't
significantly favor one party or another. If it did the market would
collapse as 'value' accrued to the heavy weight (a failure crypto-anarcy
doesn't even recognize). Note, as many economists (some much liked by
crypto-anarchists like Hayek) are quick to point out, "where does the
stability come from?"
Nobody (!!!) has an answer to this. A lot of supposition and 'wish it
worked this way' but no clear definitive mechanism is understood. The
really interesting aspect is the psychological dependencies that so many
ignore (economists and crypto-anarchist alike).
You think a lot of what works? Works how? What sells in a pitch is what
the buyer is willing to settle for (unless you're cheating/misrepresenting). Respective marketplaces to what? Control
economies? Our current little bit of this, little bit of that market?
'Intelligence marketplace', do you mean 'intelligent marketplace'? That
sounds a lot like a 'control economy' because it implies the statistical
mechanical properties of individual choice are being managed to another
layer. Or by 'intelligent' do you mean the universaly saught after
requirement that everyone know everything of relevance across the market
as a whole?
"I threw out" what? What "special needs" can a market, especially a
free market, have? Isn't this defined axiomaticaly as the collective
desires and plans of the sellers, and buyers? And if you're talking of a
'buyer' in a 'free market' how can he get 'special needs' filled when the
market operates by interchangeable components? If the need is that
'special then there is likely to be only a couple of sellers and hence no
'free market' can exists since there is a clear supply side boundary
There isn't one because it take so much more than e-cash and an anonymous
remailer to execute.
Nobody buys their milk at a given price because of 'confidence' in
anything. They buy it because it's the most convenient (and not the
disparity between this and the concept of 'cost' in economic terms - they
are NOT synonymous in any way).
Unfortunately this still does't remove the requirement of a minimal set of
services with a minimal set of users. Unfortunately for crypto-anarchy to
work this must be almost the entire society. It must be universal,
otherwise it will get eaten by more 'efficient' strategies in the 'mixed
market'. It's also worth noting that 'mixed markets' are not equivalent to
'free markets' nor are there any clear transformations thereof.
It isn't a bank you need, it's a casino. The problem is getting it in/out
of the 'small market' and moving it into the 'extant market' (ie real
world) without ruining either.
And why? Because your 'offshore' is there 'onshore'. The fence is a
mobious one.
Because it isn't valid? Because it twists the use of 'anarchy' which means
without head or in the sense of crypto-anarchy, without heirarchy.
Everyone lives there lives adrift in a sea of heirarchy. It's the natural
human condition.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-04-16 07:44:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Culture of Secrecy, Disinformation, and , Propaganda... 
You were doing more than that, you setting boundary conditions on the
'participants' as well, it's overly strict and limits the definitions
usefullness becuase it a priori eliminates some sorts of distributed
Strictly speaking simply having a 'distributed' system where each
participant catches as catch can based on their particular individual
strategies and resource 'windows' doesn't require that all participants
have the same strategies or 'windows'.
Granted, it's called a 'regulated market'. It is where each of the
participants has a 'role' to play (ie is a member of a ' hyper
I'd say they are possible in ANY system, fully distributed or not. There
are issues of 'transport delay' and 'diffusion rate' that all limit the
effect of participants and help create situations where hyper-cycles
become 'emergent behaviours' (eg life on Earth). Besides "Laws of the
Game" by Eigen (which I've mentioned before) you should also check out,
The Major Transitions in Evolution
J.M. Smith, E. Szathmary
ISBN 0-29-850294-x
Signs of Life: How complexity pervades biology
R. Sole, B. Goodwin
ISBN 0-465-01927-7
Actually this has the same limitations as the 'Napster' model, it requires
a centralized
The same could be said for Napster or any other software once the
'intellecutal property' is widely enough know. Something to do with
'advancing the state' I suspect.
Wow, that was easy. Thanks for recognizing my point. There are 'non
economic' issues which effect the economic issues. This causes
non-linearity or irrationality (depending on ones view) in the choises.
This causes a fundamental disjunct with the 'all players are the same'.
Now, the problem is what does cryto-anarchy offer as protection as abusive
strategies in this environment? In mathematical words what does it offer
to ensure that no 'hyperbolic' strategies are used? Nothing. This is a
major failing because it means the 'market equilibrium' can be
significantly effected by a single participant to the detriment of all.
This is contrary to the point of a 'market' and most definitely the point
of a 'free market'. The thesis behind a 'free market' is that the choices
are numerous enough, and the product non-descript enough, that no
hyperbolic strategy is allowed to exist a priori.
This takes us right back to that famous question:
Where does this stability come from? It is not inherent in the market
itself. Since crypto-anarchy and Friedman style free-markets assume a
priori this thesis there is a flaw in them.
Actually in a representative government there aren't any such 'master
nodes' if it's worked out right. Of course this runs completely contrary
to human nature and most persons individual desires (they want to be
indispensible and everyone else to be interchangable).
Further, your broad assertion (implied admittedly) that all governments
must have master nodes doesn't bode well for crypto-anarchy or free
markets (as I've said for years). It implicitly admits the non-linearity
of human desires.
No, ice exists. A distinct and important difference when we're talking
about 'life' as the model of the system. Now if water is found at Titan
AND no life is found then you'd have a single point of reference. But
still incomplete. Because you would have to demonstrate that there was no
flux involved such that the loss of water from Titan into space from
evaporation (or whatever the technical term is, sublimation perhaps) isn't
replaced from some other source. I find that highly unlikely. More likely
you'll find life which traps the water in a hyper-cycle or else you'll
find a net negative flow rate OFF Titan. Might take a long time but that's
not the point.
The assertion is after all that 'water exists without a tree'. This is
clearly true, but the key point is the 'tree' which is a off handed
reference to a hyper-cycle. Not all hyper-cycles must involve life. Which
goes right along with my assertion that not all players in the game are
identical or interchangeable.
I would contend that no water exists on a planetary body of any size
unless there is a hyper-cycle of some sort to trap it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
            The ultimate authority...resides in the people alone.
                                             James Madison
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-01 15:38:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Findlaw: The New York Times and Napster 
I certainly hope some party acts on this. This would force Napster to
recognize the rights of the copyright holder and at the same time prevent
the copyright holder from being too 'exclusive' in their license grants.
On a distantly related note, DirecPC has announced they're going after
'pirates' of their services. Not just the middle men (provided hardware
or software) as has been the case in the past. In this example there is no
middle man 'server' between the producer and consumer once the hack is
setup. Therefore there isn't a single contact point between the provider
and the pirates. This would seem to effectively bar such an approach for
sat-tv. Would digital TVR be the 'middle man' in that case?
of feedback from the distributor to the producer node (directed to
undirected graph). Something that was missing previously (there is already
2-way link between consumer and distributor nodes).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-01 17:13:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Laws of mathematics, not of men 
That should be 'Don't stand out'. If everyone else is standing up you're
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-01 22:18:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Do not taunt happy-fun-court. 
igor (v 0.1)
A remailer for Plan 9
James Choate
ravage at ssz.com
One of the primary values of the Internet is email. It provides a reliable
and consistent link across time and space. It is the proto-typical killer
app. However, to use email effectively there should be two additional
features. We don't promise more don't exist. The first feature is the
ability to reflect or remail a single email to many recipients. The second
is to strip identifying header information from the sender prior to the
subscriber getting it.
igor does not use 'embedded routing commands' like many other anonymous
remailer packages. We believe that tampering or altering the body of the
email is simply wrong. We offer two way to input data into igor. The first
is through Subject: line escaped commands and the second is through
additional header files. An example of each is,
X-igor: some_commands
This allows the first remailer to strip the command data out and then
process the email as if igor had never been involved. igor supports limited
routing selection, which is intended to make traffic analysis harder. igor
sends individual emails embedded in igor-specific header info to eliminate
as much interaction with the email itself. All inter-igor traffic is
encrypted with PK's managed by the Evil Geniuses.
With respect to key management, I am not a big believer in current
schemes. I don't believe the 'PGP Ring of Trust' is workable because of
scaling problems. What I intend is for each remailer to 'know' only a
small group of other remailers (limited to three for testing, but the
design will support an unlimited number technicaly). So, when igor_1 hands
off to igor_2, all igor_2 knows is that he's k in a n-length chain. He
subtracts one and randomly selects another igor other than igor_1 to send
it to. The remailer igor_2 sends it to, igor_3, will NOT know about igor_1
so it is completely possible that igor_3 may send an email right back to
igor_1 for delivery to the recipient. Provided of course that igor_1 and
igor_3 have had prior communications. The intent, at least in simple
principle, was to allow each key to be 'authorized' to the standards of
each operator. I felt this offered a reasonably strong approach and should
handle scaling well. On the flip sice, if igor_2 sends covor traffic he
won't send it to igor_1 for that mail. I felt that sending igor_1 any sort
of traffic was counter productive unless you always sent traffic back to
the initiator remailer. This seems 'evil' to me. It's a start...
My current problem is deciding what encryption scheme to use for
inter-igor relays...?
Plan 9 is an operating system developed by the fathers of *nix to 'fix'
the problem of *nix. The system has integrated and fully scalable
I/O-authorization kernels, process kernels, and file system kernels. Each
kernel is connected through a authorization mechanism that doesn't send
keys over the network. The low level network layer, Plan 9, is currently
implimented with DES. At some point this should be replaced with something
a tad more stout. It also needs a mechanism to anonymize file and process
space access. Strong crypto is clearly a pre-requisite for this. Once
those features are in place a true 'Data Haven' could be easily
Plan 9 is open source and can be obtained from,
The only transvestite operating system in existence, and so what if the
bunny is ugly?
Route Commands (ie igor: * * ...):
strip			Strip the From: header
zombie			Strip the From: header and replace with
route#			Route the message through # other igor nodes,
cover			Provide cover traffic for each outbound email by
subscribe $		Subscribe to mailing list $
who $			Who is subscribed to list $?
info $			Provide info on list $
help			Request an info-help file
igor Configuration Parameters (igor.conf):
MyPubKey		This remailers public key, non-traffic related
MyOwnKey		This remailers private key, non-traffic related
MyPubRing		My public key ring, this contains a mapping of each
MyOwnRing		My private key ring, this contains a mapping of each
GHeader: $		Place this at the beginning of all emails through
GFooter: $		Place this at the foot of all emails through this
Open: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will provide all info to any
List: *, *, *, ...      These mailing lists will provide info only to a
Close: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will not provide any info
Verify: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists always verify each operation
ArchDir $		The archive files should go in the $ directory
Archive: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will create an archive file,
User Accounts:
Evil Genius - self explanatory
igor - remailer contact account (mail address that executes program)
master - owner of remailer (a person who receives status and such)
dead - the 'anonymizer' account
undead - another trusted 'igor' remailer
Standard Accounts:
master:"Evil Genius  Evil Genius'}
igor:master:{list of other users}
dead:igor:{nothing here}
list_name:igor:{lot of subscribers, a file}
Copyright 2001 All rights reserved
Permission to use for non-commercial purposes only is granted.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-02 19:01:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Forced disclosures, document seizures, Right and Wrong. 
Hardly, it's a club where a bunch of self-appointed geniuses decide they
can make better decisions for other people than those people can.
Dispute arbitration. Who gets to make the choice, what the choices are.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-02 22:29:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
This is a problem with the defence lawyers, not (just) the judges.
'willfully' and 'substantialy certain' are the bail-out phrases. Unless
there is some proof that you intended to destroy the documents, not as a
matter of policy, but as a matter of obfuscation then you're goose is
cooked. If you're policy is 'never keep the records' or 'destroy all
records in a timely fashion' (exempting legaly required documentation)
then the charge is going to be a lot harder to make stick all by itself.
The 'conclusion' actualy begs the question. The point you and the courts
seem to be jumping right over isn't the 'spoliation' per se but rather the
environment that indicates 'willful' and 'substantial certainty' in the
consequences of those document destructions. It isn't the document
destruction per se but rather your motive to destroy them to hide your
Maybe not. At least with the charge real evidence must be presented. With
the simple jury instruction a inference, without chance of rebut mind you,
is made. This in effect pre-disposes the jury to consider you guilty.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-02 22:59:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs. 
And there won't be a damn thing that they can do about it either unless
they can PROVE you were aware of THE (as opposed to a hypothetical one)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-02 23:09:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Laws of mathematics, not of men 
Code is 'law', just a different kind.
Know your enemies mind is one of Tszu's first admonitions.
Wanna be hackers considering the quality of their work.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-02 23:16:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Gotti, evidence, case law, remailer practices, civil cases, civility.  Was:  Re: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs. 
I'll bet there was more than simple 'loss' with regard to the records.
I'll bet there was other evidence indicating 'intent'.
There's that 'intent' word again....
The test is not that somebody lost or destroyed something that eventualy
became evidence, but that the intended to do so.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-02 23:38:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs. 
Yes, the cites are real. Yes, every(!) one of them requires 'intent' to be
linked to the article in question and the potential of a future legal
action. In every cite that BU provided you'll find additional material if
researched which provides proof of 'intent' with respect to the 'loss of
evidence'. In other words, it wasn't a matter of policy per se, but rather
an intentional use of policy with respect to a SPECIFIC piece of evidence.
BU's argument falls down when the policy applied to ALL 'evidence'. A
MAJOR distinction. No, it isn't routine by any definition. I'd be
surprised if it was in the double digits percentage wise.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-03 00:04:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The real enemies of the poor 
Opposite sides of the same coin...
I keep hoping I'll run across a 'new' creationist theory, but they all
boil down to the same old same old. I don't remember the last time
I finished one of the books . Of course the same can be said about most
books, technical or not. And no, I'm not a creationist of any bent outside
of the pantheist sort (ie Gaia). I'd say that only about 10% of all books
are worth reading. Of those 10%, 90% of their content is wrong (and hence
interesting in the sense of why they are wrong)..which really gets down to
the crux of the matter for me. Not why they got it right, but why they failed.
Unfortunately most readers focus on what they like, the positive aspect of
the experience, and not the negative. Which from an analytic/comprehension
perspective is a stronger viewpoint (or at least seems so to me).
I disagree, see Newtons comments about hypothesis and playing with stones
on a beach.
That's not what he meant by that. He was saying that what he did was not
in and of itself his creation. He was objecting to credit being given the
'Lion of England' when it wasn't the Lion's due (why in his later life he began to publish anonymously). Unfortunately this can't be said of most
people. Most people will take credit for whatever they can and then
advertise it widely. One of the most popular strategies is to 'let them
think it was their idea'.
I'm not saying you shouldn't spread it around. I disagree on your 'mental
context'. I don't suggest that another person should read a book to
understand me per se, but rather to escape the singular view point we all
have. For me, the best thing that could happen is that somebody else read
it and comes to a different conclusion. It is the dialog that follows that
gives the book worth. Something greater than the authors intent, or my own
personality happens then. The problem is that many equate reading (even a lot)
with understanding, and in actuality too few people question vigorously
enough to ever really 'understand' anything. It's not uncommon in our
society to hear people say 'He said ...' but they themselves can't explain
it in their own terms and context. They can regurgitate, they can't
cogitate. Dogma and pedantry. It's why 'arguments from authority are
useless' is such a strong tool with respect to deductive/synthetic
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-03 00:10:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Spoliation and intent 
BU provided two cases, lost doctors records and a car.
In both cases spoliation occurred not because records in general (or cars
in general) are lost but because those specific ones were lost. They were
in effect unique. It goes back to 'intent'.
Review BU's cites and then ask yourself this (let's take the doctors
records example specifically)...
Had the record that was lost been one of a hundred that were lost in a box
would spoliation charges have been filed? Most likely not, because there
was nothing singularly interesting about that record in that context.
In the other case, it wasn't that the company lost several cars and this
particular one happened to be of interest, but rather that was the only(!)
car that was lost.
In both of these cites it was the singularity of the loss that spoke to
intent and spoliation.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-03 00:33:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NSA's new mode of operation broken in less than 24 hours (fwd) 
NSA has recently convinced NIST to include a new algorithm - something they
dubbed "Double Counter" mode after 18 months of development - for
consideration as a possible standard mode of operation for the AES. It's
described at , but I
wouldn't bother reading it now had I not done it already. The new mode seems
to have been reduced to bits by Phillip Rogaway, David Wagner and others.
Could it be that the NSA is losing its proverbial cryptologic skills? For
one can't help but conclude that, if they acted in good faith to provide a
useful mode, then they did a very poor job, and if they acted otherwise,
then they quite underestimate current public knowledge in the area.
Paulo Barreto.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-03 16:05:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable  messages. 
Exactly, which is why the 'small world' network model applied to key
management is such a powerful tool.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-03 16:13:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable    messages. 
I'd suggest they take a look at ipchains/iptables in Linux.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-03 16:14:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Too much time on their hands up in the North Woods (fwd) 
cryptography at wasabisystems.com
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-08-03 18:22:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The real enemies of the poor 
Then why bring it up???
The point I"m making is that demeanor and attitude (for example) are
inextricably linked. If one is insecure (attitude) then it can't help but
effect other aspects such as demeanor (ie presentation to others). If one
isn't confident in their skills then they can hardly be competent. And
that confidence has 'personality' based characteristics.
You're trying to seperate out components which are not orthogonal.
One persons 'obnoxious' is another persons 'strained consideration'.
Taking the attitude it's the 'other guys' problem is problematic itself.
As to 'know enough to be worth listening to', out of the mouths of babes.
Sometimes the last person who needs to be talking about a problem is
somebody that 'knows all about it'. There are other shades of tinted
glasses besides rose.
Fundamental Rules of Science:
- There are no sacred truths, all assumptions must be critically examined.
  Arguments from authority are useless
- Whatever is inconsistent with the facts must be revised or discarded.
See Feynman's concluding commentary in the Challenger report.
Provided you have the opportunity to leave at your own behest...at some
point homicide is likely to occur.
If you say so. I've found them to be rather confused myself. To be honest
I've never read a philosopher who I agreed with. They all seem to be
trying to get around basic fundamental facts they don't want to face.
:) Newton is such a nutcase, he's fun to use in arguments. What can you
say about a religious fundamentalist who pursued alchemy wholeheartedly,
developed fundamental mathematical and physical descriptions while he
dabbled, and then turns around and hangs people for stealing the King's
money. And all the while hating people in general...
I think, at least for me, he beats out Gauss as being a general sour puss.
In a real sense, all of them did. In another sense they were always there
just waiting for any sentience to recognize them, and then from another
perspective they are each new and revelatory. It harkens back to the
Socratic Method (I'm a fond user thereof); everybody knows everything
there is to know by knowing nothing in particular outside of being able to
ask questions. (Note that a big criticism of the Socratic Method is one of
misunderstanding - Socrates claimed he knew nothing, but at the same time
knew how to ask questions. Many readers, some quite lettered, seem to miss
that there are two different things being discussed here; knowing
something about the subject under discussion, and how to organize
questions and thoughts).
Maybe, then again there are leaps of insite which for all intents and
purposes do just that. It's only after you reach the goal that you even
see the path. It might be more accurate to say that they pop out of the
throw of (mental) dice. A good example is Huffman Coding. Up until the
problem was given to student Huffman it had remained unsolved. He spent
the first part of his approach doing exactly what everyone else had done,
and got nowhere. Then he decided to try it backwards and the problem
resolved itself. Today we have compression algorithms out the yin-yang.
The 'discovery' of the Benzen Ring came out of a dream of snakes eating
their tails.
Discovery is highly non-linear and non-deterministic. (My personal
prescription/favorite is free association)
How many viewpoints do you hold on a given subject? And I'm not asking
"How may do you understand, describe, recite"...
Consider 'abortion' (and no I don't want to know how you feel), how many
viewpoints do you hold (as opposed to know of, understand, ...)? Law? Etc.
People are singular in their internal mental views. Opposition and
conflict create confusion. See the popularity of religion for a prime
This will get into 'free will' pretty quickly so I'm not going to pursue
it deeply; each person has only so many viewpoints that they can relate
to. Some of these limits are biological in nature, some social, and then
some are simply the way each individual brain is wired. Have you ever met
somebody who had a viewpoint you just couldn't wrap your noggin around?
This speaks to my 'singular viewpoint' above as well as the 'xenophobia'
that human psychology expresses to 'others'...
I tried to expand it some above. Feel free to inquire further.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-03 20:28:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable   messages. 
Not necessarily. Consider 'small world' networks. The only people who know
(necessarily) of a given remailer are the operator and his users. They
share a set of keys so traffic can be source encrypted. The remailer
operator shares a seperate set of infrastructure keys with some of the
remailer operators that they know (as distinct from the users of that same
remailer/operator). Consider that sender/receiver know each other and can
use yet a third encryption layer that is independent from the other two
(ie the target address does not have to be known to the initial remailer
operator though it will be in the header going to the first remailer. None
of the intermediate remailers need to ever decrypt that far until the TTL
reaches zero/one (depending on design taste).
Now couple this with Plan 9's ability to completely distribute both
process and file space and 'where' a remailer might be, or even 'who' is
running it become a rather sticky point since it doesn't necessarily run
on the 'operators' hardware.
But the only place they can trace messages in a 'small world' model is at
source/destination link, which means they're already on top of you. If
they're out fishing all they'd see is a bunch of packets sent between
remailers with the body encrypted several layers deep with keys held by a
variety of people.
The beauty of the 'small world' model is it does away with the 'trust
transivity' issue completely. All the intermediate remailers can do is
drop a packet. Which will get recognized pretty quickly because of the
inherent secondary (ie personal interaction) network that sits behind the
remailer network itself.
With Plan 9 that would require them to outlaw using a particular OS. Maybe
in a lot of places, but not in the US.
If you stick with current paradigms.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-04 08:26:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Official Reporters have more copyright rights 
Agreement is not fact.
Yes it does. It simply says that you as a subscriber may use that as any
post on usenet is used. It does not in any way reduce the copyright that
any author of individual email may have. It does not put it in public
domain, it does not release it so that another party may do with it as
they wish.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-04 08:29:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Security Against Compelled Disclosure 
Actually they should ONLY be removing attachments to their subscribers, if
they are removing attachments in general then they are breaking the
More over, the size limitations for messages to the CDR's was agreed to be
1M minimum over a year ago.
Check the archives.
It's more useful than listening to the drivel that comes out of your
mouth, for sure.
If you got FACTS I'll accept them, all you ever offer is your opinion,
which (at least) when it comes to how the CDR operates is worthless. You
don't operate a node, you have nothing to say about policy - that's
between you and YOUR node operator.
If you're head wasn't so inflated you might have a hope of pulling it out
of your ass.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-04 08:39:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Laws of mathematics, not of men 
Which is that 'freedom' thing, that is a good thing all in all.
You don't want others making your decisions or forcing you to behave a
particular way. Why should they, simply to assuage your hurt feelings
because you don't get it your way?...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-04 09:08:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Oh, the CDR isn't... 
the WWW either.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-04 10:05:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The real enemies of the poor 
See a comment  below...
You're very description argues against your own assertion.
Comment I don't. I'm simply stating that you're trying to seperate out concepts
that are not seperable. You are treating 'components' of a characteristic as seperable and individual from the characteristic itself. This is a
false distinction when talking about human psychology (which is what we're
talking about when you get right down to it).
Bravo!!!!! I salute you. That I can respect.
Agreed. It's also worth noting that at some point you have to ignore what
other people think or want as well. At some point you have to say "I don't
care". A good example is that many people will critize actions because
they hurt other peoples feelings. Not realizing that by complying your own
feelings get hurt. It's a conflict of viewpoint, the belief of an absolute
when no such exists.
I put this a different way,
It's good to have an open mind, just not so open your brains slosh out on
the floor.
Ah, he wants a date...;)
No, confused. It's not the dataset and their manipulation but rather their
axioms I find distasteful, the goal they are looking to reach and the
base assumptions they leave unsaid (eg almost w/o exception we have
mind/body duality as well as human beings somehow 'above' or 'seperate'
from the cosmos - raging, rampant, anthropocentracism). This harks back to
the comment I made about Newton and pebbles on a beach. Newton once made a
comment that when he went in to solve a problem he had no pre-concieved
notion of the end result. He simply played (that's a very strong
paraphrase). It's a rare view that just looks at what is there and doesn't
try to prove/resolve some aspect of themselves in the process.
In many ways I agree. However even he has a fundamental problem with
respect to his base philosophy. He was an atheist yet was understanding of
Christianity and other relgions (eg his exploration into Vedic
philosophy). This represents a mind/body duality problem though, which
seriously undermines the applicability of his views. Why? He fails to
recognize that being an atheist, christian, whatever is nothing more than
anthropocentricism. His fundamental assumption isn't that humanity somehow
stands on a divide but is that divide. He took a stand to resolve
conflicts as a result of his world view, not recognizing that the world
view WAS the problem. He didn't step out of his humanity (in fact this is the failure of all Utopian sojourns). The ONLY exception to this failing
in philosophy that I've found is Pantheism, which is very rare. Only a
handful of non-antropocentric philosophers have written (and no I don't
even agree with all of them, Spinoza for example was of the belief that
'rights' were an extension of society and that irrespective of social harm
one should submit - then compare this to his life ling running from
persecution, he was excommunicated from the Jewish religion as a result).
Both Schopenhauer and Spinoza almost got there.
No. Socrates.
Not really, there is no concept of 'universality'. We're not making a
statement about that which we are answering question, only how we answer
questions. The Socratic Method isn't about finding 'reality' or
'fundamental essence' (ie crap) but rather about finding conflicts in the
thought process. In the Socratic method the discussion is more on how you
got to the conclusion, not how you carried it out.
No, but they obfuscate any hope of actually determining what that
causality is. The distinction between 'there is no causality' and 'there
is no way to determine causality' isn't that great a void from a
pragmatic perspective. Either way, it's a dead end road.
That's as good a definition of 'faith' as I've ever run across...;)
Now we're into that 'free will' discussion I don't want to have...our
answering the question iwth a flat 'of course' isn't good reasoning. You
are in effect presenting an axiomatic assumption as a derivative
conclusion. Arguing in circles.
{and yes, I fully recognize that the basic tenets of 'science' are nothing
more than the basic tenets of 'religion' - faith. The distinction being
the acceptance, and management thereof, of the concept of
'transcendence'. Which is another aspect of the 'human condition' that I
think every philosopher to date has skipped merrily around.)
You are confusing 'understanding' with 'holding'. The killer word in your
assertion is 'ambivalent' you are admitting you hold no opinion (and that
'no opinion' is itself singular).
[About contradicting yourself, see 'Para-consistent Logic'. Note that at
no time have I asserted that paradoxes are not real. In my mind the
question is whether one sees this conflict as a 'universal' or something
that is unique to the 'human perspective'.]
If you can use the 'understanding' to make accurate predictions then you
have some sort of handle that others who can't don't have.
Empathy and consideration are great tools, provided they don't become
singularly important (eg politicaly correct). Given the choice of hurting
your feelings by saying something that is real and concrete and not saying
it and hurting myself in the process, you're feelings are toast.
People have a right to 'pursue happiness', the unsaid assertion is that
peoples natural state is 'unhappy'. A person has no right to interfere
with anothers pursuite of that happiness, but they don't have a
responsiblity to help nor do they have a responsiblity to hurt themselves
to minimize the others discomfiture.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-04 10:13:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Copyright Licenses and Assignments (BitLaw) 
You have used that comparison numerous time. Check the archives. In fact
it is the fundamental cornerstone of your 'implied contract' argument.
Once we differentiate the two your assertion has nothing to stand on.
The CDR is not a public service nor is it a 'universal' service like
USENET. It IS(!!!) a mailign list operated by private individuals which is
participated in by private individuals who must individual subscribe
(which is a big distinction itself with the way USENET operates).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-07 17:34:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cypherpunks@cyberpass.net closing 
It lists them as to whether they filter backbone traffic to their
subscribers or not.
You probably have an ISP using a Open Relay blocking service (the
bastards). Nothing I can do about it except remove address after about the
500'th bounce :)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-07 17:38:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: Utimacos Safeguard Easy broken by danish police in tax evation ca se (fwd) 
The german encryption program Safeguard Easy has been broken by the danish
police. Today the police from the city Holstebro in Jutland presented
evidence in court, that was provided after breaking the encryption on five
out of sixteen computers that where seized april 25 this year.
All 16 computers were protected with Safeguard Easy from the german
encryption provider Utimaco. It is not known whether DES, 128-bit IDEA,
Blowfish or Stealth was used as algorithm on the computers. All four
algorithms are built in Safeguard Easy. Details are sparse. It is not known
how the encryption was broken, whether it was brute forced or flaws in the
program was exploited.
The computers where seized from the humanitarian (leftwing) foundation Tvind
(Humana) in connection with a case about tax evation. Among the evidence
provided from the encrypted computers were emails sent among the leaders of
the foundation, Poul Jorgensen and Mogens Amdi Petersen describing transfers
of large sums of money.
Apparantly, but not confirmed, british Scotland Yard has been involved in
breaking the encryption. The danish police doesn't have the capacity to
break encryption by themselves. Neither has the danish civilian intelligence
service. Routine is that cases concerning encryption is handed over to the
danish defence intelligence service DDIS. This procedure has been described
earlier this year by the danish minister of justice in connection with
another case. DDIS denies involvement with the Tvind case.
Employees and leaders at Tvind has denied handing over their passwords to
the computers. One even wrote a public letter mocking the chief of police in
Holstebro, describing how he changed his password weekly, and stating that
he'd probably even forgotten his password by now. At a time, the police
concidered putting employees in custody until passwords were handed over.
Thats all for now
Bo Elkjaer, Denmark

@_date: 2001-08-07 18:45:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ashcroft calls for more restrictions on use, transport of cash 
Never mind that. They drop to $5k/mule (talk about absurd - there's this story about this Chinese emporer, some bloke who made him happy, a chess board, and a bunch of rice...). Doubles the transport cost. I predict an
almost immediate increase of marijuana cost of approx. 20-25%. Stock up
now! (just kidding, really)
At some point they'll have to come face to face with the fact that there
is no (zero, nada, nil, none, nope, not happen') ethical or moral
justification for regulation of 'consensual crimes' in a democracy. That
the only thing it demonstrates is that power corrupts. That to stop
somebody from willingly smoking a doobie is about the silliest fucking
thing any 'rational' man can come up with.
When they see the light they will see that taxation will more than make up
for any social 'disruption' it might cause.
People are people, outside of murder, physical assault, or theft as long
as both parties say "I do!" it ain't nobodies business.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-07 21:19:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DMCA and circumvention discussion at Higher Ed. Chronicle (fwd) 
The August 10, 2001, Chronicle of Higher Education has an interesting
article on the circumvention issue of the DMCA:
   and also an online forum for discussing these issues:

@_date: 2001-08-07 21:20:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Market for Secrets (was Re: First Monday August 2001) (fwd) 
cryptography at wasabisystems.com, mac-crypto at vmeng.com

@_date: 2001-08-07 21:20:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [IRR] Using the Fluhrer, Mantin, and Shamir Attack to Break WEP (fwd) 
cryptography at wasabisystems.com
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-08-08 19:05:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mixmaster Message Drops 
Consider how few messages get lost in the CDR. The extra mix technology
shouldn't inject any randomness in message processing. You should drop
messages measured in the handful per year max.
The next major question is to determine where the drops are happening.
Inbound, outbound, inter-remailer, intra-remailer?
One aspect of this, assuming the remailers are under attack and that is
the hypothesis we are going to assume, is that we need to be able to
inject traffic into the remailer stream anonymously. Otherwise Mallet
get's wise to what is going on and starts playing us.
If at all possible all measurements should be made anonymously and as
stealthily as possible.
Q: How to inject traffic into the remailer network anonymously?
Q: How do we measure the input/output flow without collusion of the
   operator?
Q: Where are the computing resources to munge resulting flood of data over
   at least a few weeks time period. How do we hide this 'extra' flow of
   data? It represents an opportunity for incidental monitoring due to
   load usage.
Q: How do we munge the data? What are we trying to 'fit'?
Q: Once we have the data and can (dis)prove the hypothesis, then what?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-13 07:10:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NSA's new mode of operation broken in less than 24 hours (fwd) 
Newsgroups: isaac.lists.coderpunks
Since I saw some discussion of NSA's Dual Counter Mode here:
The analysis Pompiliu Donescu, Virgil Gligor, and I did on their
mode is now available online.  See below for more information.
Pompiliu Donescu, Virgil D. Gligor, and David Wagner,
``A Note on NSA's Dual Counter Mode of Encryption,''
preliminary version, August 5, 2001. We show that both variants of the Dual Counter Mode of encryption
(DCM) submitted for consideration as an AES mode of operation to NIST
by M. Boyle and C. Salter of the NSA are insecure with respect to both
secrecy and integrity in the face of chosen-plaintext attacks.  We argue
that DCM cannot be easily changed to satisfy its stated performance goal
and be secure. Hence repairing DCM does not appear worthwhile.

@_date: 2001-08-13 07:10:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NSA withdraws proposed mode of operation (fwd) 
On behalf of Brian Snow, Technical Director, Information Assurance, NSA,
the following message is forwarded to the AES Team at NIST:
     NSA believes that a license-free high-speed integrity-preserving
of operation is needed for the Advanced Encryption Standard, and was
pleased to submit the "Dual Counter Mode" (DCM) as a participant in the
series of AES Modes Workshops sponsored by NIST.
     Recently Virgil Gligor and Pompiliu Donescu of the University of
Maryland, Phillip Rogaway of the UC Davis and Chiang Mai University,
David Wagner of Berkeley, and possibly others, have produced results
concerning the secrecy and integrity claims made for DCM. We commend
them for their work
     We withdraw the Dual Counter Mode for consideration as a mode of
operation for AES at this time, while we consider the observations and
ramifications. We believe a license-free high-speed integrity-preserving
of operation is still needed for AES, and will continue to work on this
as well as encourage others to do so.
                Brian D. Snow
                Technical Director
                Information Assurance Directorate
                National Security Agency

@_date: 2001-08-13 16:40:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: chip fabs gearing up for AES (fwd) 
spotted this article at EE-Times:
Encryption cores ramp for pervasive security
By Patrick Mannion
EE Times
(08/09/01, 6:36 p.m. EST)
MANHASSET, N.Y.
while looking at another article (as noted in Slashdot) in the same issue
about Rice Univ. undergrad Adam Stubblefield breaking WEP while interning
at AT&T Labs.
AES in the chips:
couple of quotes:
With subtle distinctions, intellectual-property (IP) core vendors are
readying implementations of the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
security algorithm.
The vendors, established and startup, are banking on applications from
miniature wireless devices to massively parallel Web servers to support
the rapid and pervasive deployment of encryption-enabled devices and
The plethora of available AES solutions "is not particularly surprising,"
said Duncan Kitchin, product architect in the wireless LAN operation at
Intel Corp. (Hillsboro, Ore.). "After all, the whole point of choosing AES
was that it was pretty efficient in software, and easily implementable in
hardware," he said. "It's perfectly possible - it's just a matter of doing
AES - which uses the Rijndael algorithm - was chosen by the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to replace the highly popular
but less-efficient data encryption standard (DES). It's the efficiency of
AES and its stronger encryption overall that makes it attractive across a
wide swath of applications.
the other article - Adam Stubblefield breaks WEP:

@_date: 2001-08-13 16:54:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Products Liability and Innovation.  Was: Re: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable  messages. 
Actually almost every one of these examples were DEVELOPED either 'out of
the blue' by the industry or by the 'off-road/racing' groups, not by any
factor related to litigation (though their ACCEPTANCE in the regular
consumer market was - thought those are not the same beaties by a long
shot). Most definitely these were NOT in responce to litigation.
ABS - Road racing cars (ala Le Mans)
Crumple Zones - Indy style racing and aircraft
Safety Glass - invented in the 20's, in responce to accidents not lawyers
Shoulder/passive belts - racing since the turn of the century
Bumpers and air bags being the primary exception in your examples.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-13 17:17:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Bangalore Cypherpunks August 2001 Physical Meeting Announcement (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2219 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-08-18 13:21:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anonymizing Nodes (RE: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition) 
What about a CDR node that strips all to:/from: info before sending it
out? A 'cypherpunks_anon at ...' w/ replyto: set to itself. Would that be an
acceptable approach?
It could be made closed so that only subscribers could use it (which
implies the info functions would be disabled), or open so that anyone
could use it.

@_date: 2001-08-19 13:05:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR Anonymizer 
I've added a feature to the SSZ node. It consists of a simple procmail
script that rips the source fields out of the headers. It then forwards
the email to the SSZ node. Submissions to the anonymizer should be sent
cpunks_anon at einstein.ssz.com
Your From:, Cc:, and Bcc: fields will be stripped.
Create your account and drop the following in,
"|IFS=' '&&exec /usr/bin/procmail -f-||exit 75 * ^X-Loop:.*ssz.com
:0 fhw
:0 fhw
:0 fhw
:0 c
!mail_list at where
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-20 07:50:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fw: [ISN] Student 'soldiers' help feds fight cyberterrorism (fwd) 
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Monday, August 20, 2001 2:49 AM

@_date: 2001-08-20 07:50:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fw: IE5.x users beware - sites can monitor your clipboard! (fwd) 
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Monday, August 20, 2001 1:09 AM
to get
available to
people, I
appreciate if

@_date: 2001-08-20 07:51:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fw: AirSnort 0.0.9 (fwd) 
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Sunday, August 19, 2001 2:20 AM

@_date: 2001-08-25 11:02:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
No, no 'harm' occurs in that situation. Nothing that was 'yours' was
damaged or othewise manipulated without your consent. Those potential
customers decision to shop at your store or another isn't 'yours'.
Your desires and expectations weren't fulfilled by the expectations of
the market or your approach to using it. However, you have no reason to
expect those people to have an obligation to do business with you.
Typical logical schism in C-A-C-L thinking, the 'individual' is everything
and the 'group' is nothing. Not putting 2+2 that the 'group' is nothing
but the collective actions of the individual. This is not the sort of 'individualism' that Hayek and other free market proponents are refering
too. In a very real sense it's mis-representation.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-25 11:06:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
Hume's Fork. You have a logical fault in your thinking.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-25 11:54:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
Exactly. Thank you for agreeing with me, as well as admitting that your
argument is flawed because of it's relativism. You're 'definition' of harm
is so broad that it's useless.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-25 12:32:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (Corrected URL) Re: Redirection server (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 570 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-08-26 10:02:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Unfortunately the situation is more multi-variant than a simple two-axis
There needs to be at least a time axis added as well as splitting out the
'cost of transaction' from the 'cost of anonmymity'. By combining the two
a whole zoo of behaviours are ignored. Your graph, and any point from it,
isn't worth looking at in anything less thana 5-axis phase space.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-26 10:19:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
If it's restricted to a single opportunity, yes. If one adds the boundary
condition of repeatability your thesis comes apart. Consider the cost of
using an anonymizing layer which is for almost all players equal. The
point to be gained here is there are different anonymizing layers. Each
with their own specific characteristics. A mouse doesn't look like an
elephant for a reason. Now if the anonymizing layer is digital, for
example, the cost is about the same across the board, irrespective of
other source/sink magnitudes. In those cases for example, assuming a
higher resourced player was involved would mean the cost of enforcement
would go up. They would have resources to spend on additional, and
distinct, anonymizing layers that lower layered players wouldn't have
Most rational actors, instead of measuring 'perceived benefits', will only
pay a certain percentage of their gains to reap those gains. One can then
break the various layers (eg 10%, 20%, 30%, ...) into characteristic
behaviours. It's also worth noting that a specific relation between the
selection of that percentage and how much the player already has is
A Markov Chain of behaviours would be a more apt model. Not everyone faced
with the same numbers will make the same choice. There is a limit to
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-26 12:27:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Reporter's shield laws 
No thank you, your honor. Followed by a contempt charge.
Yes it will be rough, but a citizen can't be forced to accept immunity.
Note that this applies to ones speech, not documents. The 4th allows no
exceptions once a court order is issued (and there should be none - equal
protection) outside of the 5th. Of course the protection of the 5th gets fuzzier as one moves away from questions related to direct issues for one
might be prosecuted, that 'witness against himself' part. The catch there
is the court is in no place, being ignorant of the facts, to decide what
constitutes testimony against oneself (ie 'any criminal case). The 5th
would indicate that the only agent suitable to make that call would be the
person being asked the question.
                                 Amendment V
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous
crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in
cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual
service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for
the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be
compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor
shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-27 00:13:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: nodes 
I noticed the delivery failures...
No, the amount of communication between admins between setups and the rare
problem is nil.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-27 17:19:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: How does one freenet (mobile) user find another (maybe freenet) user? 
One proposal is to build some complicated IP management network. Yuck!
A primary problem is one freenet user locating another freenet user and
keeping the connection live during AP changes. I believe that if this
problem can be resolved the other types of connections (ie fixed IP) go
How about a 'rendevous server'. A well known address where two users can
present a 'key' to the server and when they click you open a connection.
(this might be a good place for e-cash micro-mints)
IP Anonymizers would be one place to start. You connect up and get your IP
washed. Then you present a key to the server. It looks for an identical
key(s) and build a bridge between those users. An end-to-end anonymous
connection. The anonymizing layer is a bell, it's not critical. A simple
IP proxy will work.
This is also a good place to demonstrate the utility of a 'wrapper' around
this connection with respect to moving from one node to another. As you
move out of one zone into another, your IP changes. So, your system would
re-connect to the above server, be anonymized and hence making it's real
IP irrelevant (even if it wasn't anonymized the next step makes the actual
IP moot) - all automatically. It presents a key, finds a waiting
connection open and gets connected back up. The rendevous server sits
patiently waiting (until some watchdog barks) for new connections and
holding the old half of your connection open and waiting. In particular it
looks at each half of a connection and asks (Did_they_drop_the_line? ||
Did_we_get_norm_close?) before it closes the resource. Otherwise it
attempts to keep the connection open and in a wait state until somebody
else connects up.
It would be reasonable to run such a server on the AP.
With respect to automation of finding other proxies and presenting keys,
this could be done by having it broadcast a Proxy_alive_kicking? packet.
It would then, at a users request, broadcast out to those proxies trying
to find out if they have a matching key as presented by the user. If so,
then the proxy servers could make a connection between themselves and
bridge the users logical connection request (ie presenting a key).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-28 07:13:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Jeesus that's naive.
What makes you think that new regime who used your tool to take over won't
then shoot you and take 'your profits'. By participating you may in fact
be signing your own death warrant.
The highest bidders are going to be the ones with the most money at the
tiem of the auction. Whether they gained that money by selfish/altruistic
or good/bad reasons is relativistic. Further, to assume that the profits go to the 'bad guys w/ selfish reasons' a priori is just begging the
question. Or is your thesis that the optimal market strategy is to be a
'bad guy w/ selfish reasons'? If so, you need to review that Galtian
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-28 21:47:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: The UN killed the recording industry (fwd) 
"On December 10, 1948, the General Assembly of the United Nations adopted
the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Now, more than 50 years later,
the declaration could be just the thing to pull down the recording industry.
And it all boils down to a little history, a little technology, and a clause
in the Universal Declaration called Article 19"
Article 19.
Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right
includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive
and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of
Doesn't touch on what happens if someone "copyrights" your "opinion" or
prevents you from proving your "opinion" that a copyright infrigement
protection process is flawed but it's an interesting perspective w/ a few
new aspiring additions to Freenet.

@_date: 2001-08-29 00:20:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 2nd Annual Consult Hyperion Digital Identity Forum, London (11/01) (fwd) 
--- begin forwarded text
Status:  U
User-Agent: Microsoft-Entourage/9.0.1.3108
Hi Bob,
Can you pass this on to the appropriate lists, thanks.
The 2nd Annual Digital Identity Forum will be held in London on November 7th
and 8th 2001.
The Forum is sponsored by Hitachi, with additional help from NCipher and our
supporting publications: Net Profit and Finance on Windows.
The goal of the Forum is to share knowledge in the whole field of digital
identity: not just the technical aspects of PKI and the like, but the
business and social aspects that will shape this emerging field. The
speakers will therefore include legal personnel, IT specialists, an
economist, business people, a psychologist and others.
Confirmed speakers include:
John Bullard of Identrus (US/UK).
Stefan Brands of McGill University (Canada).
John Noakes of Microsoft (UK).
Alan Asay of Bolero (UK).
Psychologist Kristina Downing Orr (UK).
Steve Bowbrick of Another.com (UK).
John Borking, Data Protection Commissioner for The Netherlands (NL).
Economist John Browning, former editor of Wired UK (UK).
Enrique Mazon of SafeLayer (Spain).
David Jeal of Vodafone (UK).
Dave Wentker of Visa (US).
Peter Cattaneo of Sun Microsystems (US).
Mike Dell of Neurodynamics (UK).
Jon Matonis of Hush Communications (Eire).
Caspar Bowden of Foundation for Information Policy Research (UK).
It is an excellent opportunity to meet some interesting people working in
the field and, hopefully, get exposure to some different ways of thinking
about the issues in the Digital Identity field. We always strive to bring
together diverse interests to stimulate genuine debate and valuable
As is traditional at the Consult Hyperion Fora, the first day will end with
champagne round tables to discuss a selection of interesting issues. The
round table hosts will include Nicko van Someren of NCipher and David Birch
of Consult Hyperion.
For more information, see  or contact David
Birch at Consult Hyperion  directly.
The Digital Identity Forum is a not-for-profit event and any surplus
generated will go to local charities. Thanks to the generosity of our
sponsors and delegates, in recent years we have been able to support:
The Pond Meadow school for children with severe disabilities, Guildford.
The International Myeloma Foundation, Edinburgh.
The Fountain Centre for Palliative Cancer Care, Guildford.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-08-29 09:24:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Outreach Volunteers Needed - Content Control is a Dead End (fwd) 
Digital Bearer Settlement List --- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-08-29 16:03:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Speaking of blimps... 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-29 16:11:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
There was an interesting show on last night about this, I caught it
unexpectedly so I don't know channel or title (sorry). It was pretty
interesting in that it demonstrated pretty conclusively that 'friendship'
and 'trust' are figments of human psychology to cover up reality.
The protocol was to have two friends volunteer in a study. They were
grouped with two strangers. A set of three of them would then provide
hints from a list of 10 items related to the word they were trying to get
the fourth person to select. Clearly one of the three must be a 'friend'
of the fourth receiving hints. The test was rigged so that the first
person did poorly irrespective of the hints (the list of allowable hints
was rigged). When the two friends switched the person who did poorly
intentionaly picked harder hints from the list. When asked about it
afterward they advised they didn't want their friend to do better than
Etu Brute?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-29 20:47:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Congratulations, you 'got it'...
[much excellent stuff deleted]
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-29 23:02:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
Ablative, camouflage, and contact poison ones do. Nature is full of
'passive' defenses that are effective.
Evolutionary Wars: A 3 Billion Year Arms Race
The battle of species on land, at sea, and in the air
C.K. Levy
ISBN 0-7167-3775-2
Then you build nano-hunters. If the thing is mobile enough and smart
enough then the technology is suitable to build a hunter-killer. Since you
built it, and programmed it the security is quite high. Since the security
is high the safety factor is high 'for you with respect to your
technology'. This is another reason that 'reputation' is not as important
as one would believe. Because of the requisite safety/security requirement
of technology vetting nobody is going to believe a word that is said. The
reason people will exist in transactions/relationships is as exchange
brokers or personal interest.
The ONLY(!!!) defence against a technological attack is a technological
defence; passive/active, pro/re-active, etc. are digressions into minutea.
They don't effect the fundamental balance of the situation. Attack/Defend.
This is exactly why 'economics' and 'government' as we know it will cease
to exist over the next couple of hundred years (maybe quicker). You will
get your population of nano-bots when you're born from your parents.
You'll inherit as a matter of course both a nano- and bio-technology when
you become an adult. It will be keyed to you via a variety of mechanisms.
They will get it from others in their 'chreche' (my 'zaibatsu') related
by blood and long term personal relationships (note that this is not a
driving force for inter-creche transfers). People will not have 'jobs' as
we know them. Automation, bio-engineering, and intelligence technology
will make that pointless. Exchages between chreche will be people and
technology. People will have duties, obligations, responsibilities with
respect to the business of the creche and inter-creche relations. Those
relations will consist of almost nothing but
technology/research/information transfers.
As the technology increases the need for heirarchy with respect to
survival and social behaviour limitations becomes less. Because of the
(apparent) nature of technology growth two things will happen. The first
is that individuals will be able to better fend for themselves. Consider
an aggregate technology (psycho/digital/nano/bio-technology) that will
allow a person to walk out into a field; filled with trees, grass,
bushes, birds.... Program their nano-bots to create a steak. And within a
couple of hours the field and its raw minerals and bio-mass are consumed,
transformed, and delivered at your feet.
A steaming steak sitting on a fine china plate; accompanied by a heap of
gray goo piled next to it. Awaiting their next orders from your PDA...all
in a silent, barren, stripped field.
Weapons of mass destruction? You ain't seen nothing yet...
What will keep some nutcase from killing everyone? Everyone will be
providing both individual and community service with respect to building
pro-active defences. You won't die from some Mujahadin bio-bug or
nano-hunter-kill because it's against the law (and just exactly whos law
might that be?), you'll do it because you've deployed(!) an active
pre-emptive counter-measure technology. Probably both bio- and nano-.
The thesis has been made that a critical point will be reached when
countries become, as a matter of course, armed to such a point they can
take on other countries 1-1. Now consider the sorts of societies that will
be needed when that is person to person. Consider what it means when, as a
result of this technology we must finally come to grips with the fact that
the depravities of mankind are one of psychology and that the bad will
always be with us. Consider what it means for things like 'trust',
'reputation', 'nation', 'independent', 'individual'.
It is also a strong argument why freedom of speech with respect to taboo
subjects like bombs is the wrong way to go. If everyone knows how to do it
then nobody can hide their actions since they must collect and arrange
resources. It also means that the number of potential observants goes way
up. This increases the chances of early detection. The rational thing to
do is teach people how to make bombs so they can recognize when some
nutcase decides they want to make a bomb. The FBI should be teaching
public classes.
Jefferson said something about when a nation is threatened by the
ignorance of the people, you don't change the law. You educate the people.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-29 23:12:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks <> Crypto-Anarchist 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-30 15:13:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
You would have to do it to the 'junk' and 'long term unused' portions
(ie introns), I doubt it would work with exons. There's also the issue of
timing. Using a virus it would be hard to hit all the cells at one time.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-31 07:39:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
The Chinese are STILL in a revolution you twit - Taiwan.
Africa (eg DRC), Pole Pot, Idi Amin, Shah, Mujahadin, E. Timor ...
Recasting history to suite yourself won't fly.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-31 12:45:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
A revolution is when one part of a populace takes up arms against another
part of the populace. The argument is over who gets the final say. It's
worth saying that there are actually a wide range of shades to this word
(eg rebellion v revolt v mutiny).
A coup is the sudden overthrow of a government by force. It may be by a
small fraction or a large one.
Yeah, when the guns start going off...
Yeah, when the guns start going off...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-31 12:56:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tim's Tips on Avoiding Prosecution 
There is this device called a camera...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-08-31 13:03:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: speech + action 
Which must be continously tested by 'controversial' speech through
mechanisms like mailing lists, anonymous remailers, data havens, etc. The
question is not what they do about it, but rather if they do anything at
                                 Amendment I
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-01 00:10:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
No, that was the consequence of one that had already worked. They were
just cleaning up the left overs. Had Hitler not already won the power then
it wouldn't have been necessary.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-01 10:31:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democrats Want Nuke Plant Guards to Be Federal Workers 
Congress should create a real federal 'militia' as directed by the
Constitution, then problems like this would be moot.

@_date: 2001-12-02 12:15:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
Not at all. You are still free to speak, just not on my property.
You have a right to engage in any behaviour until it infringes another.
You're trespassing infringes my property right. My not allowing you entry
doesn't effect your freedom of speech (only who is listening, which
isn't a right).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-02 12:19:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Actually they're in the business of buying and selling 'impressions', not
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-02 12:29:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Actually not, most folks use reputations to do away with security checks
they would use othewise. It's a sellers cost cutting measure. If you have
a 'good' reputation my cost of diong secure and reliable business will
probably(!!!) be lower.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-06 06:55:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks Physical Meet - Tue. Dec. 11 
Time:                Dec. 11, 2001
                     Second Tuesday of each month                      7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
Location:            Central Market HEB Cafe
                     38th and N. Lamar
                     Weather permitting we meet in the un-covered tables.
                     If it's inclimate but not overly cold we meet in the                      outside covered section. Otherwise look for us inside
                     the building proper.
Identification:      Look for the group with the "Applied Cryptography"
                     book. It will have a red cover and is about 2 in. thick.
Contact Info:         --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-06 14:29:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Remailer "Reliable" (fwd) 
Please respond directly to the person asking for aid...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: austin-cpunks at ssz.com
Do you know of anyone who knows how to set up the
program "Reliable"?
Nokia 5510. Verrcktes Design! Toller Sound! Entdecke und gewinne es auf  Gewinnspiel endet am 16. Dezember 2001.

@_date: 2001-12-07 18:59:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Ask your bank with regard to loans, for example. Once I got the info in
their computers and 'vetted' my 'reputation' to their satisfaction they
now loan me sums of money with nothing more than a drivers license & an
account number (which I only have to say) I don't even have to sign a
Ask the gas station which uses the new pumps that use credit and debit
Ask your grocer about all those nifty 'discounts' if you will put yourself
in their database.
and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on ... ...
See above.
It is the LEVEL or EXTENT of the security. There is not a single state of
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-10 15:31:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: UPI editor: dissent is like soviet propoganda  
[text deleted]
Not true. I've asked several times for clarification and never(!!!)
received anything from you in responce. I'll look into the text I deleted
since it will take a few minutes to review. I'll let you know what I think
of your analysis of Chomsky's views.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-10 15:44:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Congress of the rat. 
Which comes more from the involvement of government than any inherent
ethical peak capitalism may aspire to (it doesn't so your point is moot
unless you also admit the utility of having governments as
intermediaries is a positive - can't see a CACL supporter as yourself
going that route).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-10 15:47:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
No, there are not.
The only way that AP would be harmless to an anonymous person is if they
were anonymous to EVERYONE. The entire point of AP is to provide a
mechanism to reach ANYONE who might infringe upon your 'rights'.
Trying to pitch AP as if only certain classes of people are at risk is
simply ignorance (you didn't really read AP now did you) or else you
intentionaly misrepresent. Either way, your point isn't valid.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-10 21:48:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "Spoiling" digital cash 
Who pays for all this checking? Not only does this require the taxi driver
to have a considerable store of computational and algorithmic 'equipment'
but he's also got to have a comm channel to the bank.
This don't sound cheap to execute at all...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-10 22:35:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Look into Pantheism (but avoid 'Scientific Pantheism' it isn't)...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-10 23:14:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "Spoiling" digital cash 
Actually Hettinga's observation is rather obvious. The concept that all
exchanges will cost the same is rather self-destructing.
Nothing newe there.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-10 23:16:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Don't confuse having a high standard of excellence with simple egotism
(which is the majority of the cases with both your examples).
And no, a meritocracy isn't disriminatory. You get what you put into it,
not what somebody else thinks it's worth.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-10 23:33:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Actually 'merit' isn't. Merit is measured in a meritocracy by the efficacy
of the solution. That's a TECHNICAL measure, not emotional or social.
Discrimination is inherently ILLOGICAL (ie emotional), which puts it in
direct odds with the concept of 'merit'.
Further, a meritocracy makes judgements about worth based on the solution
not the source. Source filtering is inherent in discrimination, hence they
can't be synonymous or layered.
Doh indeed.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 00:18:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & US export controls 
That's not accurate. There have been several court rulings finding source
code and such protected by the 1st. This would provide a lever that was
not there previously.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 06:35:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & unnatural monopolies 
Dude, there are HUNDREDS of alternate GUI front-ends (the vast majority
are not compatible with X (aka MIT's Athens - there's your clue as to its
popularity). Unfortunately they don't get the technical backing to get a
significant 'bootstrap' percentage in the market up front. In other words,
when X got started back in the 80's there were no other GUI's that were
nearly that advanced. So people used it. By the time the market expanded
the number of alternative GUI's had a much harder time to get into the
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 07:52:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
AP *IS* a form of secret ballot.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 18:12:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & US export controls 
That's where 'press' comes into play. The 1st provides two protections.
The first is to have an opinion and to express it, 'speech'. The second is
'press' which guarantees the right to share with other humans. Speech that
is not shared, after all, is no better than speech not uttered. Now this
explicitly protects the hardware and 'non-human' mechanisms that humans
use to distribute their speech. The courts will eventually find that the
sharing of speech, irrespective of mechanism, is protected. To deny an
individual a mechanism to share their speech is in fact a violation of
their speech. In addition the first does NOT draw ANY distinctions about
what sorts of speech are or are not protected, it simply says 'speech' is  --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 18:15:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & unnatural monopolies 
^
                      What letter is next to 'a' on the keyboard? You
                      really should refrain from ad hominims.
Nobody said ANYTHING was mandatory, as usual changing the rules in the
middle of the game.
What happened was that it was the only game in town. It got picked up by
the Unix geeks and next thing you know there was a collection of code and
apps that were written for X. It would have cost entirely too much to
change to something else and throw all that code away (eg consider the
life time of a typical piece of COBOL).
Economic & Technical Inertia
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 18:20:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Bullshit, you're playing word games. Get your dictionary and educate
yourself on this point. You're using the word in the fist case to mean
select individuals as sub-optimal. Then when you're called to the carpet
on your logical inconsistency you all of a sudden change your word usage
to mean 'select', which ain't the same thing at all in the context of your
original usage. Discriminate as you use above is almost exclusively a
technical application, which isn't applicable to the social application
we're actually discussing. Why? Because in your first usage you were
applying a measure of 'merit' whereas in the above usage you are drawing a
simple distinction. Not the same beasty at all - Choate Prime or not.
1. To observe or mark the difference between
2. To show partiality because of race, nationality, or class prejudice
You really should be more consistent in the way you use words.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 18:23:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: UPI editor: dissent is like soviet propoganda  
Which you never did before.
Which I explained the reason to. I'll get around to the rest of it in the
next day or so.
Quit your whinning.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 18:30:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Yeah, I read the fucking essay. It's flawed in a variety of ways. It's
understanding of human psychology (which it purports to manipulate in
realistic ways - not) is so flawed as to make it very tedious.
Not paradoxical, hypocritical. And no, it doesn't limit anything (unless
there are is so much money being made killing wives, husbands, and
competitors there are no more hit men left). It simply provides a
mechanism for the 1st party to anonymously hire the 3rd party to kill
the 2nd party.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 22:41:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The fucking essay 
Hate to break it to you but Freud <> Psychology.
I still havent read that part of AP Jim appeals to nothing more than his own vanity.
What the fundamental flaw is to expect individuals to use AP to protect
themselves while at the same time expecting those attacked through AP to
do nothing other than lay down and take it.
If fundamentaly mis-understands that two wrongs don't make a right (even
if one is done in self-defence) and that when you attack a person their
reaction is to act in self defence.
It's just another example of the CACL failure with respect to the human
factor. On one hand they speak of what sheep, and on the other they
propose that these sheep will do the right thing 'if only....'.
Just plain silly.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-11 22:44:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & unnatural monopolies 
Your responce was by the tone. My spelling error was irrelevant to the
issue at hand. If you really believed it was a simple spelling mistake you
would have just glossed right over it. You didn't, that act speaks for
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 06:49:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
So the property you own is really(!) owned by the state and you pay the
initial payments for title transfer and the taxes during occupation
(sounds like rent doesn't it?) unless you default in which case they take
their property back...
Seems to me the ideal strategy is to not own anything of significant
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 06:52:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
The perenial failing in the CACL approach to this problem, and the primary
reason they will fail. They'll sit around on their ass waiting until they
can make money...gives you an idea of where their priorities REALLY are.
Really? Example please.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 06:55:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & US export controls 
Ad hominim, ad hominim, ad nausium.
Grow up Declan.
The rulings ARE what we're talking about changing. In addition we're not
talking about what IS but what SHOULD be.
Your assertions of 'how it will be' and 'how it should be' are no more
valid than mine (and a hell of a lot less accurate if you go back and look
at what actually happened).
No, the current bitching over crypto and IP will be resolved in the next
ten years. One way or another. And to decide how we, as individuals,
should participate and to what end is guided by NOTHING else than common
sense (Isn't there a very important book with a similar title that's of
some import to this discussion?).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 07:07:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Phil Zimmermann on key exchange (fwd) 
I have the highest regard for Phil (ever since I got PGP 1.0 off Adelante
BBS about two days after Phil released the program - I still have that
disk and posted an image to the CDR last New Years) - HOWEVER....
These ideas are NOT Phil's. A perusal of the CDR archives will demonstrate
that I've been working and talking on these ideas for over ten years.
If Phil, or any others, would like to participate in a real world
demonstration of this sort of technology over the next couple of years
then I invite them to review,
and to participate in the community project,

@_date: 2001-12-12 07:09:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The fucking essay  
Yeah, right. Keep telling yourself that. Clearly you've NEVER actually
talked or read a psych book in the last 50 years.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 07:28:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
Who again has been saying for 10+ years that this sort of behaviour (incl.
Open Relay scanning, which isn't covered here) is trespass? Check the
archives folks...will Declan give predictive credit where credit is due?
Probably not, that takes being honest...

@_date: 2001-12-12 07:31:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: : Re: AP Al Qaeda  
Get your damn quoting right, Declan didn't right the '> >' delimited text
as you indicate.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 16:13:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & US export controls 
If your only bitch is spelling then the argument must be pretty sound.
(Oh yeah, bitching about the spelling instead of the argument is an ad
hominim as well)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 16:22:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Steganography, My Ass: The Dangers of Private and  Self-Censorship in Wartime 
No, she was using THEIR property and services.
I hope you mean explicit, otherwise you ain't got a leg to stand on -
zero 'meeting of minds'.
Censorship is not strictly limited to government...
Censor -
Official who examines anything to be read, heard, or viewed, in order to
suppress some objectionable feature on moral, political, or military
Note it does NOT require government membership to be an official.
Everybody self-sensors, all day, every day. Nothing wrong with it since
the individual is the ONLY agent with the authority to decide
applicability or acceptability.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 16:24:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
Not at all, journalism is the act of interacting with others about their
actions and beliefs in the hope that you can spin doctor the reality into
something people will find enteraining and hence pay money for.
It's a great job for those who can't teach.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 16:36:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Sure it does, it helps the ones who are underestimated.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-12 22:03:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
I can clear her point up for you...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 09:19:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
I'm glad somebody 'gets it'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 09:30:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
Way wrong oh buddy boy.
I joined the toad.com list in early to mid '93, known about it since about
two days after it actually formed. The Austin Cypherpunks were formed in
'94 and the discussion and formation was on the toad.com list. SSZ went
online in Oct. of 94 when ISDN became available.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 10:46:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
That was before I knew what kind of sharks swim in this pool. You don't
like my interaction then change yours. I treat you people the way you
treated me back then. I didn't start it. Go talk to Tim, Delcan, and the
rest of the self-appointed CACL geniuses.
You reap what you sow.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 10:51:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Phil Zimmermann on key exchange 
Strangers are secrets by definition, otherwise they wouldn't be strangers.
In fact it IS possible to exchange (anonymously to boot) secrets provided
the infrastructure is distributed and the encryption is of the suitable
type (ie using 'small world' network models). The problme with all the
current schemes is that the 'public key' is too 'public'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 11:11:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Uzbekistan Eyewitnesses See Dozens of US Casualties 
They also mis-report the cirumstances of the deaths as well.
So, if somebody was interested a little traffic analysis would take the
number reported 'over there' and then the number reported 'over here'
(irrespective of locations and such) and then begin to correlate them (a
lot of work and access to info that won't be easy to get, w/o an insider).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 11:46:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: HOW CAN YOU BELIEVE? 
If you check the Cypherpunks archives you'll find an 18 point answer to
that question I posted in the last year or so.
[SSZ: text deleted]
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 15:35:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Who Am I Anyway? 
Bullshit, if they had birth certificates they were required to produce
them. And if you worked on the neuclear weapons then the FBI most
certainly did do a background check.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 16:16:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Colorado State University - History - Gearing up for World War II 
The required registration for the draft in 1940 qualifies as 'identifying'
the soldiers.

@_date: 2001-12-13 17:10:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Who Am I Anyway? 
Which is beside your point. Your statement was that the government didn't
do ANY identification for ANY of the soldiers in WWII. Patently wrong.
Quit trying to change the rules in the middle of the game.
AFTER the war started, not before. When the initial draft was executed it
was for 21-25 year old males only. They were required to register so that
the government knew who was getting drafted. That qualifies as
'identification' and is proof contrary to your assertion.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 19:28:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
Not when they're playing in the same pool it isn't.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 20:57:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Feds Go Cow Tipping... 
And who might that be? And how does putting a 24*7 tap on MY computer help
you fight THEM?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 20:57:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Feds Go Cow Tipping... (fwd) 
cryptography at wasabisystems.com
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-12-13 21:38:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Real capitalism falling down drunk 
Actually it's both, they are NOT mutually exclusive.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 21:40:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
I don't have a problem with commerce per se. Capitalism I do have a
problem with, greed <> good.
Commerce <> Capitalism (which will come as a shock to a lot of CACL
promoters when/if they ever realize it).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 22:55:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How do you sleep?,  
punk <> anarchy
'punk' actually means 'anti-establishment' and 'activist' in viewpoint.
anti-establishment/activist <> anarchy either.
The black leather and anarchy crap didn't 'happen' on the punk scene until
the late 70's and early 80's. In particular the club scene in England
(those crazy Brits and their unemployment, crank & horse).
When punk really took off (it began in the 60's w/ folks like Iggy Pop
and the Stooges) in the early 70's (New York Dolls, Germs, etc.) it was a
direct result of the crappy music (if only every Grease soundtrack would
self-implode...here's hoping). It was intended to be a return to the
'roots' of rock and roll and to attempt to escape from the large record
companies and their contracts. It fathered the current 'indy' music scene.
It's also interesting that this is when the 'industrial' music genre began
with bands like Throbbing Gristle (ie Genesis P. Orridge) and Einsturzende
Neubauten (Go Blixa!!! - You can't build without destroying). At one point
P. Orridge was looking to engineer/produce Suzie and the Banshee's first
album, Billy Idol told here to stay away from those crazies...
"Those who don't understand history are doomed to repeat it."
                                  George Santyana
"The mouth is the wound of the alphabet. My screams turn back. To lick the
 wound..."
                                          "Blutvergiftung"
                                          (Sung backwards)
                                          Einsterzende Neubauten
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            "I throw poo!".....Bumper Sticker of a Funny Monkey
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 22:56:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Who Am I Anyway? 
I have zero problem with that assertion.
However, lying about ones age and getting away with it is a far cry from
not having any security/identity checks at all.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 22:58:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
And your point is?
There is a distinction (you apparently don't catch from your querry)
between trying to improve yourself and greed, which is the improvement of
oneself at the expence of others and common sense.
Not birds of the same feather. Someday the CACL contingent might catch the
clue...but I ain't holding my breath.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 23:05:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Who Am I Anyway? 
Actually they were. I can direct you to the plethora of 1st person
accounts during D-Day in Normandy for example. You will occassionaly run
across a reference of a recruit having gotten through boot and across the
big pond to only be turned back by an officer in combat. If a kid was found out, and the officers in their CoC gave a shit (some did, some didn't) they were returned home. It's a sad state that since the Civil War in this
country a considerable number of young kids have died in combat before
they were eligable for the draft.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 23:10:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Who Am I Anyway? 
I didn't say a birth certificate was required. I said if you had one you
were required to provide a copy. As usual twist the words...:(
If you google you can actually find forms and such used since the Civil
War online. They ask a variety of questions like mother, birthplace, age,
Where's your evidence, or is this simply your opinion as well? It's easy
to 'win' a discussion if you get to make up your 'facts'. How many of
these hobbo's did you know personaly (considering you weren't even born
then I'd guess nil).
Whis is irrelevant since nobody but you has brought this up before.
Again, nothing I said implied that at all.
Typical CACL responce, attack the personality and to hell with the facts.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-15 22:32:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Plan 9 OS:
Hangar 18 Distributed Computing Co-Op:
A Plan 9 based tool we hope to have available this summer;
A remailer for Plan 9
One of the primary values of the Internet is email. It provides a reliable
and consistent link across time and space. It is the proto-typical killer
app. However, to use email effectively there should be two additional
features. We don't promise more don't exist. The first feature is the
ability to reflect or remail a single email to many recipients. The second
is to strip identifying header information from the sender prior to the
subscriber getting it.
igor does not use 'embedded routing commands' like many other anonymous
remailer packages. We believe that tampering or altering the body of the
email is simply wrong. We offer two way to input data into igor. The first
is through Subject: line escaped commands and the second is through
additional header files. An example of each is,
X-igor: some_commands
This allows the first remailer to strip the command data out and then
process the email as if igor had never been involved. igor supports limited
routing selection, which is intended to make traffic analysis harder. igor
sends individual emails embedded in igor-specific header info to eliminate
as much interaction with the email itself. All inter-igor traffic is
encrypted with PK's managed by the Evil Geniuses.
Route Commands (ie igor: * * ...):
strip			Strip the From: header
zombie			Strip the From: header and replace with
route#			Route the message through # other igor nodes,
cover			Provide cover traffic for each outbound email by
subscribe $		Subscribe to mailing list $
who $			Who is subscribed to list $?
info $			Provide info on list $
help			Request an info-help file
igor Configuration Parameters (igor.conf):
MyPubKey		This remailers public key, non-traffic related
MyOwnKey		This remailers private key, non-traffic related
MyPubRing		My public key ring, this contains a mapping of each
MyOwnRing		My private key ring, this contains a mapping of each
GHeader: $		Place this at the beginning of all emails through
GFooter: $		Place this at the foot of all emails through this
Open: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will provide all info to any
List: *, *, *, ...      These mailing lists will provide info only to a
Close: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will not provide any info
Verify: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists always verify each operation
ArchDir $		The archive files should go in the $ directory
Archive: *, *, *, ...	These mailing lists will create an archive file,

@_date: 2001-12-19 16:57:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
That is certainly a good definition of 'commerce', it is not accurate for
'capitalism'. Capitalism represents the belief that $$$ is the primary
goal in life. That he who collects the most is the best. That all things
can be reduced to a 'price'.
It is a faulty assumption and a warped view of humanity. As are yours.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 17:00:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
You should quit your day job and take this on the road.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 17:33:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ok, you win... please help 
His lists are closed. This means that somebody on his list is forwarding
the emails or else they've hacked the security at Yahoo. There are NO
* or * subscriptions through SSZ currently.
There should be no subscription of * to any * address
either (and my logs show no evidence of receipt of traffic either way).
I've explained to this guy he is being spoofed and he just don't get it.

@_date: 2001-12-19 21:23:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Communism can't be a form of Capitalism. In fact they are the anti-thesis.
Actually capitalism is the belief that it's the ONLY mechanism to solve
That IS the problem, that is also the difference between 'commerce' and
In commerce, trade is the means that people use to protect themselves and
provide for themselves. Capitalism is the use of money to manage the
society. Not the same thing at all. 'commerce' is a means, 'capitalism' is
an end.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 22:02:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Just checking. So you recognize a distinction between 'capitalism' and
'commerce' too...
And what makes you think capitalism isn't just that, a philosophy. In fact
'capitalism' is just like 'communism' or 'democracy', or even
anarcho-capitalism, in that respect. It's nothing more than the prioritization of goals and resources. It's distinction is that it posits
that by making lots of money all the other problems somehow take care of
themselves. "In the long run it'll all work out". Assuming of course there
is still anyone around...God $$$ Fascism is what Capitalism is.
"When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail."
                                            Anonymous
'Commerce' has two definitions. The first is involving the economic
exchange of goods and services. The second is any interchange between
individuals. It's worth noting the 1st definition can't exist without the
second, the contrary can't be said. It's hard to have a market if there
is no individual interaction, this implies of course one of two
conclusions. That 'economic commerce' and 'inter-personal' commerce are
either equivalent, or 'inter-personal' encompasses at least 'economic
commerce' (and I'm speaking from an axiomatic and algorithmic
perspective if that's not clear, not philosophical).
And this after all brings us right back to the original question.
"Does everything have a price or not?"
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 22:33:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
The 9th & 10th do however...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 23:29:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Independent News - American Taliban has no right to lawyer, insists White House 
Just one example of arguments to the contrary of 'whims of the military'.
Poland, Warsaw.
Demonstrates a serious lack of respect for 'inalienable'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-20 07:50:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: prisoners dilemma  
Yes, but the bigger they are the shorter they survive. It's sort of like
'virtual particles'. For a given energy level they can exist for only so
I think the goal is to build a society that is long lived and intrudes on
the affairs of the individual a minimal amount.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-24 12:02:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable  , coward.RIP. 
Which is self-referential (it basically says that even anarchism will
Which raises an interesting question. How do you get everyone to behave
the same way with the same levels of consideration under anarchism
without some sort of universal standard (a central organization)? Who gets
to decide it? What happens if somebody decides they don't want to play
nice? How do you pay for it?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-24 12:04:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable  , coward.RIP. 
Just so long as it doens't involve any of that homo- stuff... like two
people of the same sex kissing in public...
Or, while you get to read and post as you see fit, they conform to your
considerations of relevancy with regard to submissions...
Which face is that again?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-25 00:08:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Seasons Greetings 
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!!
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-25 09:32:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable ,  coward.RIP.  
You don't need James D., all you've got to do is look to your neighbors.
In an anarchism what is illegal is whatever you do that irritates your
neighbors. Which is about as coersive as it gets, need an example of why
CACL doesnt' work, look at the discussion around the 'CDR:' in message
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-28 10:15:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Euro bank notes to embed RFID chips by 2005 (fwd) 
cryptography at wasabisystems.com
    Thaer Sabri , Andrew Forbes ,
    Duncan Goldie-Scot ,
    "R. A. Hettinga" ,
    Alexander Jenkins ,
    Mark McCarren ,
    Fearghas McKay ,
    Kevin McLellan ,
    Kevin McLellan ,
    Vinnie Moscaritolo ,
    Graham Sterling , Mark Tenney ,
    Randolph Elliott ,
    Michael Frese , NicholasFC at aol.com,
    Colin Taggart , Matt Frese ,
    "Bradford C. Frese" Euro bank notes to embed RFID chips by 2005
By Junko Yoshida
EE Times
(12/19/01, 3:03 p.m. EST)
  Set- top box SoC ready for high-speed demands

@_date: 2001-12-28 13:23:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Western Culture 
If you look at the psychological and emotional drives behind them, what
are their differences? Expressions of the same wold-view.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-28 22:29:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: VANGUARD: Actions Have Consequences:  or, How to Advance Your Beliefs By Helping a Candidate (fwd) 
[EDITOR'S NOTE:  In honor of the approaching election year, we take this
opportunity to distribute the following article by Rod D. Martin, founder
and chairman of Vanguard PAC.]
Vanguard of the Revolution
ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES:  or, How to
Advance Your Beliefs By Helping a Candidate
by Rod D. Martin
 27 March 2001
    Conservatives forever complain about their political leaders.  But they
dont do a lot about it.
    Liberals (or more precisely, Leftists) are quite different.  Coming as
they do mostly from distinct interest groups possessing activist political
cultures and a sense of victimization (be they unionized workers, civil
rights activists, feminists or whomever), leftists grow up on a steady diet
not only of ideas, but of the strategies and tactics necessary to win.  From
cradle to grave, they look to the state as a sort of political savior, and
they learn early how to get from it what they want.
    By contrast, conservatives do not and never have thought in these terms.
Generally, conservatives just want to be left alone, and see government as a
necessary evil, nothing more.  Their lives focus elsewhere:  business,
church, family, civic groups, almost anywhere but politics.  They see
political activity not as a perpetual opportunity to gain advantages, but as
an arena where (every so often) they must defend themselves from the latest
government encroachment.
    This difference in culture is staggering, and accounts for much of the
Lefts success in the 20th Century.  Conservatives do not think politically;
Liberals do.  And while the Left hones its strategies and tactics year after
year  spread across millions of individual people and thousands of
institutions  conservatives wake up periodically, notice theres an
election, expend a little half-hearted effort, and go back to sleep.
    Because of this relative detachment, conservatives demonstrate a
remarkably persistent naivet.  Not only do they rarely understand the
system (or what the Left has done and continues to do to them); they also
subscribe year after year to the Sir Galahad theory of politics:  "our ideas
will win because our hearts are pure."  This foolishness costs their
movement not only elections but innumerable volunteers (and donors) every
year, good men and women who cannot understand why their sheer rightness has
not persuaded and conquered all.  Meanwhile, the Left marches on.
    The hard truth is, however wonderful our ideas may be, it is not those
ideas but the actions they inspire which have consequences in the real
world.1   And all those whiney conservatives, waiting for Trent Lott (or
whomever) to effortlessly give them their hearts desires, are getting
exactly what they deserve.  The concept is as old as the Bible:  those who
do not work, shall not eat.
INFLUENCE AND POWER
    At times almost despite themselves, conservatives over the past
generation have come to hold tremendous influence.  They have also held some
power.  The confusion of these concepts has lead to much needless
    In Morton Blackwells words, "Power means you can make things happen.
Influence means that those with power will return your telephone calls and
seriously consider what you suggest. Only those with power govern."
    The aim of any political movement is power, power for the purpose of
implementing the movements beliefs.  All the influence in the world will
not replace this power.  In the 1990s, many conservatives became highly
disillusioned with their leaders, who seemed to constantly compromise.  They
failed to understand that though Republicans held the Congress,
conservatives were still a minority.  They had gained tremendous influence,
but only a share of the power.  Having a seat at the table, they could
dicker, but they could not dictate.  They needed numbers.
    Theres only one way they will ever get those numbers:  they must elect
more conservatives.  Not Republicans; conservatives.  This is no slap at the
Republican Party:  it is simply a recognition that the two ideas are not
synonymous, however much overlap there may be, and that if conservatives
want that to change, theyll have to work for that too.  Furthermore, its a
statement that the party primary often matters a great deal; and that  as
the Left has always known  the political cycle is year-round, every year.
In that never-ending fight, it is the candidates who go out to do battle,
who bleed and sweat and die for your beliefs.  And at the end of the day,
they  and only they  will have a chance to make and execute the laws.
    Most people will never be candidates.  At most they will only have
influence (which is certainly not to be despised), and many wont even have
that.  But they can give their ideas power  and exercise a measure of power
themselves  by working hard for a candidate who shares their views.  In
fact, there is absolutely no more effective way than this by which the
average person may bring about meaningful political change.
SO WHAT CAN I DO?
    The question for many, therefore, becomes:  "So what can I do?  And what
could I possibly offer."  The answer is, "Quite a lot!"  For all the talk of
big money in politics, the truth is that most campaigns are run on
shoestrings, with the lions share of what cash there might be going to
television ads at the very end, leaving all the real work to be done on
almost nothing.  Nowhere is this more true than in a challenger race, where
a (usually semi-unknown) candidate tries to make headway against everything
the other party can throw at him, and often everything his own party can
throw at him too (this is not a criticism:  parties shouldnt just give away
their nomination, after all).  This is usually your candidate (were trying
to gain seats, after all):  tired, broke and pummeled from all sides.
    Yes, theres quite a lot you can do for this candidate.  Even a handful
of truly faithful people could change his world, and the outcome of the
    Speaking as a former (and future) candidate for the U.S. House, I submit
the following items you can and should do for the standard-bearer of your
choice.  The list is not exhaustive, but it will keep you both busy and
1.  PICK A CANDIDATE.  With all due respect to those wonderful men and women
who yearly work in support of every candidate in sight, there remains great
wisdom in Christs words that no one can serve two masters.  The average
volunteer has neither time nor mental energy for more than one race, at
least not beyond a superficial level.  Hence, if you dont pick one
candidate on whom to focus, you will do a bad job for everyone, and advance
the cause very little.
    Picking a candidate is a matter of taste:  who excites you, who believes
most like you, who is running for an office you care about, who is running
against someone you really want defeated.  The issue is not whether you
throw yourself wholeheartedly into a campaign for Congress or for Justice of
the Peace; rather, the issue is whether you pick one and follow through.
    Finally, make your choice early and stick like glue.  The early phases
of a campaign are generally its most tenuous, with limited support, little
or no money, and the most overwhelming task of all:  getting noticed and
breaking out of the pack.  Likewise, later on, the campaign will certainly
face any number of challenges, from run-away success (which often leads to
complacency and defeat) to persistently low polling numbers (which are often
misleading, but run away crucial support) to crippling allegations (which
may or may not be true) to internal incompetence or strife among the
volunteers or staff.  Murphys Law was specifically written for political
campaigns, and you need to be there through thick and thin, working like
everything depended on you.  When the smoke clears, and hordes of others
have fallen away, it may just turn out that everything did.
2.  PICK THE RIGHT CANDIDATE.  Since youre going to be working so hard and
so long for this person, you really need to pick well from the start.
Again, this is a matter of taste; and yet most conservatives have very
specific ideological views they want their candidates to share, and insofar
as possible this should be determined up front.
    This is not to say that the candidate owes you limitless time; neither
is it to say that you have a right to treat him rudely or "examine" him like
a professor.  But if hes written extensively (and some candidates have),
read what hes written.  Call him on the phone or email him:  some
candidates respond very well to this.  If hes reasonably accessible, feel
free to ask him to dinner (and buy his dinner:  hes broke.  Hes giving up
all his time, income and personal savings to work around the clock for you).
Dont get offended if hes not available, either (and expect to be passed to
a scheduler):  he has a family, possibly a job, and literally thousands if
not millions of other people also seeking his time.  If worse comes to
worst, you can usually speak with him at or after political meetings or
    But somehow, get to know him, not necessarily like you know your best
friend, but well enough to determine whether you think hes a good guy,
whether you trust him, and whether you want to see him win.  When the chips
are down, these feelings and impressions may make the difference between
victory and defeat.
3.  CUT HIM SOME SLACK.  Once youve picked him, remember that the candidate
is human, just like you.  You make mistakes, you sometimes fail to think
before you speak, you dont always know everything about everything, and
every now and then you do something really wrong.  So does your candidate.
Take it for granted.
    Now admittedly, if the candidate turns out to be an axe-murderer, you
might want to re-think your support.  But short of that, its important to
be very realistic:  just as when you married, you picked this guy for better
or worse, and you know on the front end hes going to have unseen warts.
Bailing at the first sign of trouble  or at the first policy disagreement 
is not only bad form, its cowardly.  And if youre looking for a candidate
who perfectly reflects your own views, go run yourself.
    Now of course, you may certainly seek to educate your candidate:  maybe
he just doesnt understand, or hasnt ever thought about what you believe,
or is getting bad advice.  Look for an opportunity to politely, concisely
and effectively present your side.  But dont take it personally if you fail
to convince him:  you may well do so later, and even if you dont, if you
picked him in the first place, chances are that disagreements on one or two
issues are nothing compared to all the things about which you agree.
    4.  GIVE MONEY, EVEN IF ITS ONLY A LITTLE.  No matter what you can or
cannot give, this matters, more than you know.  And the earlier you give,
the more it matters.
    Everyone knows that campaigns run on money; what they dont always grasp
is that a successful candidate must spend at least half his time just
raising that cash.  Challengers have a special problem, in that the people
who can most help them judge their viability by how much they raise early,
and from how many different donors they raise it.  Your $25 check is a vital
part of building the support your candidate needs from so-called "major
donors", from the party committees in Washington, from potential endorsers,
and from the media.  It will also buy about 167 desperately-needed bulk-rate
    Obviously, it is essential that you give as much as you can.  Far fewer
people are giving than you think, and your candidate is spending enormous
time (and money) reaching them.  Your early help will make his work easier,
more effective, and more concentrated on actual campaigning.  Oh, and one
other thing:  if a candidate tells you hes in a financial crisis, dont
just assume its a sales pitch.  Its almost always true.
5.  LET THE CAMPAIGN KNOW YOURE AVAILABLE, AND FIND OUT WHAT IT NEEDS.  As
important as money is, nothing you can give is so valuable as your time; and
the campaign could never pay enough people to replace its better volunteers.
Be one.
    How do you do this?  Call the campaign and let them know you want to
help.  Below I will give some specific ideas which you should offer (the
campaign does not always know what it needs, since its almost always
understaffed and under-funded); however, you should also make yourself
generally available, and be open to the specific requests the campaign may
    Who do I mean when I say "the campaign"?  Theres no one answer.  It
could be a campaign manager, a volunteer coordinator, a scheduler, the
candidate himself, or any number of other people.  And it may well shift
from week to week.
    Dont let this daunt you.  Just go with the flow, and be patient.  If
youve offered yourself and the campaign hasnt gotten back with you,
politely offer again, and again:  chances are, youve gotten lost in an
almost impossible shuffle (and if you have time and organization ability,
this may be your cue to volunteer as an office manager).  Dont be foolishly
offended by the chaos that characterizes every campaign.  Instead, view it
as an opportunity to make a desperately needed difference.
6.  HOST AN EVENT.  More than anything else, candidates need exposure and
money.  Kill two birds with one stone and host a coffee (or something
    Nothing is as important as these events, whereby you bring your
candidate and your friends together.  The friends will come for your sake;
the candidate will gain credibility with them because of you; and if you
pass the plate, youll raise some money, all for the cost of some Folgers.
    Many successful candidates learn to book three to five of these a day,
which should tell you how vital they are, and which should also tell you how
many people are going to have to agree to host them.  Dont wait to be
asked:  volunteer early, and often.
7.  MAKE PHONE CALLS.  Phone banks cost a lot of money, but are a
phenomenally effective tool, for polling, fundraising, getting out the vote
and a thousand other things.  You can save the campaign tons of cash by
being a phone volunteer.  Its not the most pleasant work youll ever do,
but it can be very rewarding, and is vital to the effort.  Make sure the
campaign provides you a script, and practice it a few times before you start
your calls.
    Separately, you can and should use your phone to help the campaign in a
very obvious and simple way:  talk to your friends about how wonderful your
candidate is, and how proud of him you are.  This sort of casual,
day-in-day-out effort  no different from talking about how excited you are
about your favorite team  is the stuff of great victories.  When people
start talking like this, a certain "win psychology" develops, and real
momentum builds:  momentum money could never buy.
8.  USE EMAIL EFFECTIVELY.  At least as powerful as personal phone calls,
personal emails to friends are taking a greater and greater role in
campaigns.  Spread the word to your friends, by forwarding campaign emails,
news stories, and your own personal thoughts to your personal address book.
You send all those people lame jokes:  why not the good news about your
candidate (and your worldview)?
    Moreover, it may be that you are specially talented with email or the
web and wish to help in a more formal way.  Most campaigns need quality
people who can create and maintain an online presence, be it a website, an
email list, a chat room, or a prayer team (and just for the record, no one
has used the internet more effectively than Pat Buchanans Linda Muller,
with Jesse Venturas team running a close second).  If youd like to help
this way, youre needed.
9.  WRITE LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.  Everyone talks about this, but no one does
it.  No one except winning campaigns, that is.
    The truth is, everyone reads the letters to the editor, and much of the
word-of-mouth side of the campaign develops there.  Whats more, this is
absolutely free media, and being from "regular" people, it is far more
persuasive than a campaign news release (which few ever see anyway).
    A smart campaign will organize a large number of people to regularly
write letters to the editor, and mail them to all the local papers.  Dont
wait to be contacted:  call the campaign yourself, preferably the press
secretary.  If possible, write about the message the campaign is focused on
that week.  And if youre a good writer, find some of your friends who would
be willing to sign a letter but are afraid to actually write one, and draft
letters for them as well (be sure to collect them and mail them too:  people
promise, but often forget).
10.  STUFF ENVELOPES!  No part of the campaign is so important, especially
in an under-funded race where most or all of the direct mail has to be done
in-house.  At the same time, stuffing and addressing envelopes is some of
the most tedious work you can do, and people hate it.  Its not sexy, and
its not fun.  Volunteers tend to flee.  You can not only make an enormous
difference but prove your value and loyalty as well by always being
available for this duty.  You can often save the campaign hundreds or
thousands of dollars through your work, and candidates remember their
envelope stuffers more fondly than anyone else (very important later when
you want to "educate" them on the issues).
11.  HELP WITH THE SIGN EFFORT.  Obviously a crucial part of the campaigns
advertising, the need is not so much for you to put up a sign in your own
yard (which of course you should do), but to help put signs up all over your
candidates district.  Ideally, your candidate will want to put a sign in
every available yard, all on the same night.  Anything you can do to find
willing property owners or physically put up signs will make a huge
12.  GET OUT THE VOTE.  Conservative candidates have an alarming tendency to
run winning campaigns, only to lose on election day.  This is because the
Left is extremely effective at getting out their voters, while we generally
are not.  One reason for that effectiveness is that Left-leaning labor
unions teach and encourage get-out-the-vote (GOTV) efforts.  Conservatives
have no similar resource.
    Talk to the campaign about what you can do.  Hopefully, they will have a
carefully laid out plan, which will probably include early canvassing, an
absentee ballot effort, poll watching, phone banks, and any number of other
things.  Be flexible and pitch in.  If you dont, you may throw away a
couple years work.
13.  PRAY FOR AND ENCOURAGE THE CANDIDATE.  As noted at the outset of the
article, conservatives complain a lot, and never more than in a campaign.
But campaigns run on morale, and complaints are among the most
self-destructive things under Heaven.  And its not just the other campaign
workers and volunteers who need a lift:  its the candidate himself.
    The candidate  if hes worth supporting  is killing himself.  You may
at times think hes arrogant, and sometimes he may be; but he runs on
adrenaline and supports himself with brave words that rarely resemble his
fears, and from early in the morning till late at night, he has to sell a
million skeptics  from CEOs to coffee shop clerks  on himself as a person
and his ideas as a program.  He is the ultimate "man in the arena", facing
every manner of outrageous attack and betrayal every day, working himself to
the bone, trying to juggle finances and family and every aspect of this
small industry the product of which is himself, all in pursuit of a goal far
greater than he.  The smallest word of encouragement at the right moment can
be that one thing which allows him to go on.  In point of fact, it often is.
    Likewise, no one needs your prayers more than your candidate and his
family.  The Bible clearly commands prayer for our leaders, but most people
forget to do it.  You mustnt.  He needs you.  And more than anything, he
needs the grace of God.
14.  UNDERSTAND THAT WINNING ISNT EVERYTHING.  Finally, its well worth
remembering that most candidates lose, and often lose several times, before
they win.  This dispirits lots of volunteers (and even more candidates), but
it shouldnt:  its just the way of the world.  The early races are often
learning experiences and opportunities to build an organization and the
candidates name ID.  This is a good thing, no matter how much more fun it
might be to win every time.
    The wise volunteer will work as though victory is just a matter of doing
that one additional thing within his power; but hell also know when to take
his co-workers and his candidate aside, place his hand on their shoulder,
and tell them its all going to be okay, well get em next time.  That wise
volunteer will also follow through on his words, and stay the course for
round two.  Few decent candidates come out of a well-fought but losing race
weaker; most are in a better position than theyve ever been in their life,
if theyll learn from their mistakes and move on.  You can be the person who
gives them the strength to do it.  And in so doing, you will advance your
cause concretely, genuinely doing the hard work of freedom.

@_date: 2001-12-29 09:51:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: VANGUARD: Actions Have Consequences:  or, How to Advance  Your Beliefs By Helping a Candidate (fwd) 
La di da...
So it wasn't a total spam after all, you're just upset by his commentary.
The same can be said about you or I, silly.
Bullshit. This is standard spin doctor bullshit. The differences between
'right' and 'left' are in your imagination. Both sides want to be THE
side, that's the ONLY factor worth focusing on. 'How' isn't that
The 'Reaganites' accomplished nothing, other than taking credit (and
getting it) for things that would have generaly happened along the same
lines anyway. You, and most others, give 'them' way too much power over
what happens. Quit acting like a victim.
Condemnations equally applicable to Republican, Democratic, Green, or
Libertarian (and any others you generaly want to add to that list).
At least it got you off your ass.
Happy New Year.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-29 10:02:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Actually this isn't the 'only' way. ALL (!!!) that is required to keep the
security of the email traffic is that it is source encrypted for the
destination; it's gibberish to all middle-men. What the remailer chain
does is break the causal connectivity, it provides plausible deniability.
Now, with respect to middle man routing, if each middle man routes to
another layer randomly then it addresses the exact issues of a 'turned'
remailer. In addition, with the current 'ad hoc' key management mechanism
getting intermediate keys isn't that hard (just pose as a remailer
operator and they'll gush into your keyring). A solution to this problem,
that you won't accept but 'oh well', is to create the network using 'small
world' approaches so that the remailers have a 'back channel' to
continously validate the 'reputation' of the next stage remailers (ie ala 'igor') while at the same time not even knowing what other remailers out
there might exist in the 'remailer cloud' (and more importantly not
This approach has a couple of additional advantage; it doesn't require the
user to understand some hard to comprehend syntax for the remailers, and
it doesn't require the user to keep all this evidence around a priori to
their actual use of the remailer chain (ie they don't have to d/l a key
from anywhere mecessarily) - traffic analysis.
At no point can anyone other than the recipient 'read the message', unless
it was sent in the 'clear' in the first place (silly thing to do).
ROTFLMAO. ONLY(!!!) if the source didn't destination encrypt to begin
with. A critical step you seem to not quite 'get'.
[other 'stuff' deleted]
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-29 19:01:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: http://www.fcc.gov and LINUX exclusion (fwd) 
Reply-To: n5xwb at arrl.net
    Collene Pearce , Connie Neal ,
    Dan_Lee Vogler - TV Linux ,
    "David \"USB\" Nelson" ,
    "David A. Nelson" , Doc Shipley ,
    Donald Palmer ,
    "E. Ratliff" , geoffrey ,
    "J.D.K. Chipps" , Jep Hill  ,
    Jim Chote , Joe Barr ,
    John Dierdorf , Josie Duffey ,
    Mark Farver {KA9JMZ} ,
    Michael Rice ,
    Michael Stabenfeldt , Mick ,
    Mike Collins ,
    Paul Elliott ,
    Ray Menke {WX5D} ,
    Robb Romans , Scott Brown ,
    Stephen Johnson ,
    Stu Green , Tami Friedman ,
    Zachary McGrew Hello Group;
Sorry about the long mail list.
I would like to request you to contact your State Representative,
Senators and the Federal Communication Commission Officers about a
issue that is causing ALL UNIX/Linux and Apple users a problem.  It
seems that the FCC has chosen to exclude all NON Microshaft NT/95
users from being able to use their Internet Universal Licensing System
which they have requested FCC Licenses holder to use for license
renewals.  The problem is that it requires a JavaScript Plug-in that is a
Microsoft product only.
Simply go to " and then select "ONLINE
FILING".  I believe this to be the complete path to the failure.  Which is "This plug-in only runs on Windows NT/95".
We need to protect the finest operating system from being excluded
from the United States by our Government Officials.

@_date: 2001-12-30 09:44:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Property  
Arguments over 'property' are irrelevant. The issue is 'respect',
'polylateral representation', and 'universal accountability'.
Dogs (and most other 'higher' animals) have an understanding of 'property'
and 'self defence' deeper than most people do (especialy sunder and most other CACL's). If you don't believe it then try to take their dog bone
Intelligence (especially the self-appointed kind) isn't all that it's
cracked up to be.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-30 09:48:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fw: [wwwac] DMCA (fwd) 
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2001 10:55 PM

@_date: 2001-12-30 10:31:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fw: [wwwac] DVD region codes Ti Powerbook (fwd) 
----- Original Message -----
; ; Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2001 12:44 AM
The DMCA was lobbied for by the large movie and music and book and magazine
lead to massive distribution of popular movies, recorded music, books, and
magazines without any payment to the copyright holders.  Under the old
pre-DMCA copyright law, buyers of books, albums, and movie tapes had many
considered a felony in the US and coming to a European Counry in near you.
me -- how
articles from around the net

@_date: 2001-12-30 11:28:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What is a 'right'? 
A 'right' is an activity that any individual could engage in (at least in
principle) while 'in a state of nature'.
So what does 'in a state of nature' imply? It implies human activity a
priori to the concept of 'civilization'.
What are the limits of such activities? Isolation, sharing, and force.
The concept of 'force' is required because not all individuals want to
Isolation allows an individual to engage in any desired activity for the
simple reason there is no potential interference.
Sharing, such as in a family group, such that resources are distributed
but at the same time have more persons active in its 'management' (I draw
a distinction here becuase of such things as Clovis Point behaviour).
And finaly, force. The ability of one individual to significantly impact
anothers physical being directly.
Why do people institute 'civilization'? Because we can't live in
isolation. There are groups greater than families. And finaly, because not
all individuals will use force in the same manner.
The concept of 'right' is intimate and irremovable from the concept of
'coercion through physical force'. Why? Because one can't have a 'right'
unless one also has the ability to use force to defend it.
What does it take to use 'force'? Existance and motivation/desire,
irrespective of whether we talk of 'a state of nature' or 'civilization'.
One can not remove the concept of 'right' from 'force'. They are not
seperate concepts or entities (similar to momentum).
The only way to mitigate the use of 'force' is to mitigate 'desire'.
The only way to mitigate 'desire' is to use 'force' (or at least make it
clear that if a behaviour is engaged in force will ensue).
To do this we institute a (hopefully) common system whereby the inter play
between 'force' and 'desire' are hopefully balanced.
Note that there is nothing in nature which implies that force and desire
will be mitigated in and of themselves (so much for CACL philosophy). In
fact, if one looks at game theory it becomes abundently clear, even given
the utility of game theoretic concepts, that the best strategy is not to
play by the rules given a choice (this helps explain why non-sentient
biological activity conforms to game theory in many cases).
This of course destroys any concept of 'utopia' where everyone plays by
the same rules all the time without exception.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-30 19:48:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop (fwd) 
cryptography at wasabisystems.com,
    Peter Gutmann , spki at wasabisystems.com
somewhat as an aside .... the "gift" cards (and other flavors) that you see
at large percentage of retail check-out counters in the US are effectively
digital cash ... although the current incarnation results in a different
card at every retailer. however, they are online, magstripe-based digital
cash .... utilizing the same ubquituous point-of-sale infrastructure as
debit & credit (it is just that the transaction routing goes to different
online transaction processing than credit & debit). The issue of whether or
not it would be possible to use any card at any merchant is more of a
business rule issue than a technology issue.
note from a higher assurance standpoint ... the x9.59 work is applicable to
all electronic transactions .... whether they are credit, debit, e-check,
OR (online)  digital cash ... AND x9.59 transactions could flow over both
existing ubiquituous point-of-sale network and/or a ubiquituous internet
network (or any other kind of network).
random refs:
A "local" financial branch implementation and a digital cash implementation
might have a number of similar useability attributes .... aka from the
standpoint of how local funds do you have immediately available .... aka
funds are transferred into you local PDA as digital cash for immediate use
.... or funds are transferred into the local financial institution for
immediate use.

@_date: 2001-12-31 11:04:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clarification for cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com 
This alias into the CDR is NOT intended as a general anonymizing feature
(irrespective of whether I happen to delete logs or not). It is ONLY meant
to obfuscate the source of traffic from current list subscribers (not
parties outside the list which might be using technical or other means to
execute traffic analysis).
If you need true anonymity then please consider using the following:
-	Always(!) use 'throw away' or 'one shot' accounts. NEVER use
-	Use an anonymizing service outside of the SSZ domain to increase
-	Modify your text style; review favorite words or phrases and
-	Don't use sig's and such.
-	Avoid closed source software as there is a history for this
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-31 12:11:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: jamesd,Tim Mays lying black dog. 
That last line is a real doozy. What a hypocrite you are.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-31 16:56:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clarification for cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com  
True enough, if the fish bowl is small enough there ain't no place to
hide. This is congruent with the 'number of anonymous remailer' issue.
I guess the moral of the story is you can't hide if there ain't no crowd.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-31 23:39:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Agent Faustine caught lying,coatdragging and flashing , greased ,  up anus. 
Depends on what one is meaning by 'anonymous'. Context is quite important.
Can somebody go through their entire life completely anonymously? Not
likely. Email on the internet? Likely, if they are very careful and nobody
has any reason to suspect them of anything for some other reason.
It's a set theory sort of issue. Thinks like 'signature analysis' come in
handy. When people engage in ANY activity there is 'evidence' left behind.
The trick is to understand the (hopefully) distinctive differences in
different activities. Then one can 'measure' the sample at the site and
(supposedly within some delta of error) determine what did happen. The
only way to be truly anonymous would be to never leave any sort of
evidence. That's (at least for any practical intent or purpose)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-12-31 23:46:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Technology Uber Alles 
Technology is science applied with a purpose.
Science is understanding an 'event' in the abstract, usually including or
requiring a mathematical expression. It's most useful when it is
predictive, but there are categorical sciences as well.
Operations Research is about how to string the pieces together in a
workable system, with as little waste as possible.
Economics is how to pay for it.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-01-01 00:09:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Agreed, assuming that something in the text itself wouldn't be
identifiable or traceable. In any sort of real world application such a
breach of security is considered incompetent.
Since most real world assume that something in the text itself is
incriminating (it's sort of axiomatic to the whole point of encrypting in
my mind) we can assume it is encrypted at the source, using the
destination keys. Then one takes the string of remailers that one wishes
to chain through in reverse order, encrypting each step along the way. So
that all that would be visible to any MINTM is a header with the next To:
and a block of encrypted text.
Agreed. It's the primary weakness (at least in my mind) of the current
approach, too few numbers by several orders of magnitude. I also think
that a major underestimation made by the vast majority is the actual
estimation of cost. When one considers that most real world examples will
have outside issues that will at least direct Mallet to one of the
participants. At that point it would not be that expensive to grab a
snapshot across some time window (say 24 hours) of the remailer network
given some sort of 'trigger'. The cost would probably be well within the
range organized crime, third world countries, and some of the wealtheir
individuals. It wouldn't be cheap but I doubt it would cost $1BUS for a 24
hour snapshot via black bag jobs (I'd be so bold as to say that a few
million might be enough if the planning and skillset are there).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-05 14:43:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Technology - New notebooks offer biometric protection - February 2, 2001 
If all you use the biometrics for is authentication then yes, physical
control of the machine will allow a bypass of the technology. However, if
you use it also for the key to the file system then it becomes much more
secure. As I understand it there is no file system level protection
offered through this technology at this time.
It is a start howerver...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-05 16:53:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IEEE 802.11 WEP holes (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Slashdot this morning reported on a ZD-Net article at:
  which states that there are major holes in IEEE 802.11 "WEP" encryption.
Does anyone have any more details on this?
- J|rgen

@_date: 2001-02-05 16:54:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 802.11 Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) attacks (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
as reported on Good Morning Silicon Valley:
Researchers from UC Berkeley and private security firm Zero-Knowledge
Systems have uncovered a means of disrupting the Wired Equivalent Privacy
(WEP) algorithm, an important part of the 802.11 corporate standard for
wireless computer networks. While data transmitted over these networks is
encrypted, the researchers determined that it was easy to modify 802.11
equipment to pillage that data.

@_date: 2001-02-05 20:45:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About IBM's new USBKey 
It seems to me that with 8M you could keep your kernel, your encryption
keys, your encryption engine, along with  filesystem hashes on it. If they
could get this up to 16M+ you could probably put a bootable image on it,
make the system come up much quicker.
Now if it only had a pull-tab ala Dune...maybe we'll get lucky and the
battery will be accessible.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-06 20:49:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: WPI Cryptoseminar, Wednesday, Feb 7 (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-02-07 15:44:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cope with spam.. (fwd) 
Move to a different node. See,
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
How do the people here cope with all the spam.. really?
Any tips for filtering out all garbage?

@_date: 2001-02-07 15:56:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: trash 
I would but you're not on it through the SSZ node. For further help
in solving this please review,
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-07 20:33:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [9fans] Re: So, once I've got the OS up how do I... (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: 9fans at cse.psu.edu
Regarding Plan 9 <-> Unix as far as file systems,
Plan 9 has an NFS server that Unix systems may
use to mount Plan 9 file systems.  It works pretty
well.  We had someone working almost exclusively
over the NFS server two summers ago.
U9fs is a 9P server that Plan 9 systems may use to
mount Unix file systems.  It too works pretty well.
As I type this, I have two such file systems mounted
in my namespace.  I'm also booting a Plan 9 box
entirely over an ethernet with a FreeBSD machine
serving as both file and authentication server.
I'm using u9fs (rewritten for 9P2000 but pretty much
the same) for file service and a port of auth.srv for
authentication.  It works.
Neither is blazingly fast, but that's not the goal.
They work well for providing interoperability.
The amazing thing is how simple they are.
    1527    3657   27203 u9fs/u9fs.c
     326     792    6457 9auth/9authsrv.c
The rest is mostly supporting routines pulled in
from the Plan 9 C library, like doprint and convM2S.
That's a full file server in 1500 lines of code,
and an authentication server in 300.  The reason this
works is that 9P is so simple.  If you want to drive the
point home, put up the rot13fs below (inspired by a
French intro to Plan 9 that appeared a few years ago;
I'd credit further except not knowing French, I got
by reading only the examples).
The whole guts of the filter is right here:
and that's it.  9P is simple.  Compare this with the hoops
being jumped through to do encrypted file systems on Unix
by having fake NFS servers or kernel vnode-layer replacements
or what-have-you.
     rot13(char *p, int n)
int isdir[65536];
filter(int rd, int wr)
main(int argc, char **argv)

@_date: 2001-02-08 07:08:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: anonymity 
It takes no significant portion of the computing power of the world to
execute these transactions, asking them to dump to something like FINCEN
is trivial. The amount ($16T/day) is irrelevant. The exchanges aren't done
a penny at a time...
The reality is that the US Gov. (and probably most other western powers)
has the resources to track each and every eft or computerized data
transfer for each transaction each day. They've got the computing power
left over to then analyze it for traffic analysis.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-08 15:53:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Man Bites Phone 
Package them right in with the panties...;)
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-08 15:55:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-08 18:33:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Keystroke Sniffer Detection. (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    Hayz> That's not a bad idea...  I would implement it, except that
    Hayz> if anyone knows about the software's existence, it could be
    Hayz> easily tampered with.
Don't bother it already has:  or

@_date: 2001-02-09 07:26:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Starting a cypherpunks mailer 
The first question is are you talking about an anonymous remailer or a CDR
If it's a CDR node then take a look at,
We can always use more nodes on the CDR. When you get yours up give me a
holler and I'll add you to my distribution list.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-12 17:13:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Michigan May Outlaw Anonymity Online 
This seems to hinge on two points. The first being that 'speech/print' is
equivalent in some sense to 'read/hear'. The second being the
non-enumeracy clause of the 9th.
Clearly being able to speek/publish is worthless unless the audience has
free and unhindered access. Note as an aside this conflicts with aspects
of IP as currently practiced.
Another aspect that isn't clearly covered IMO is the role of 'consent' in
anonymous communications. After all we are talking about a right, the
right to make the choice based on personal beliefs. That clearly has to
also protect those people who don't want to receive material anonymously.
After all, your rights extend only until they interfere with anothers.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-12 20:24:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FC01 E-Voting Panel Description (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    cryptography at c2.net, coderpunks at toad.com
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-02-13 17:30:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: PGP/MIME implementors: text mode vs. binary mode? (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: ietf-openpgp at imc.org
    coderpunks at toad.com
Please forward this message to any implementors of PGP/MIME you are
aware of.
To whom it may concern.
In the ietf-openpgp working group, we are about to finish a revised
version of RFC 2015.  While this looked like an easy task at first
sight, it is not, since OpenPGP breaks traditional pgp's text-mode
signatures.  This message is to solicit further input and comments
from other implementors of PGP/MIME.  (We thought we were done, but
then there were more arguments against the solution we believed to
have found...)
The current draft is draft-ietf-openpgp-mime-04.txt, and available
from: .
Please direct any answers to this message to the ietf-openpgp
mailing list.  In order to subscribe to that list, send a message to
 with the single word "subscribe" in
the subject.
The Problem.
To pgp 2 and 5, a text-mode signature meant that line endings were
transformed to a CR-LF sequence, and the result was then hashed.
However, with OpenPGP, preparing a text-mode signature has another
effect: Trailing blanks (and tabs?) are stripped - this is what used
to be done as a clear-sign signature with traditional PGP.  Of
course, this is a bug in the spec, but one which won't be easily
fixed now that all the implementations are out there.
Now, for PGP/MIME, this turns into a really ugly problem: RFC 2015
does not specify which kind of signature to use. However, it does
specify how the signed material should be canonicalized before
hashing.  This method of canonicalization exactly matched what was
done by traditional PGP versions for text mode signatures, which
means that the very same hash value could be used to verify either a
text-mode or a binary-mode signature.  That way, PGP/MIME according
to RFC 2015 and with traditional PGP had the desired one-pass
With OpenPGP, this construction breaks badly as soon as trailing
white space is involved.  Since it doesn't look right or elegant to
ask implementors of one-pass parsers (if they exist) to calculate
two hashes in parallel, some decision has to be made on the kind of
signature which should be mandated for the future.
I'm listing the choices and the pros and cons I'm seeing:
* text-mode signatures
  + easy to implement if you invoke a command-line tool to which you
    can leave the details of canonicalization.
  - Ian Bell of turnpike.com tells me that it's hard to persuade the
    PGP SDK to produce detached text-mode signatures.
  + the new-style text-mode signatures will nicely ignore any
    whitespace changes which are irrelevant to the message's content
    (When used the right way, MIME is invariant under modifications of
    trailing whitespace.)
  - there are incompatibilities between implementations which use
    text-mode AND leave trailing white space in messages.
  - thus, clients will need additional code in order to avoid
    trailing whitespace (e.g., apply quoted-printable).
  - this will make any clients non-compliant which are using binary
    mode today.
* binary-mode signatures
  + easy to implement if you use the PGP SDK (I'm told).
  + clients are interoperable regardless of the back-end version
    used and regardless of the treatment of trailing whitespace.
  - those people who rely on "pgp -t" will have to add some code to
    pass canonicalized data to the back-end.  In some cases, this
    may badly break things.
  - signatures will break upon changes to trailing white space which
    don't affect the message's content or MIME semantics
  - thus, clients may need additional code in order to avoid
    trailing whitespace (e.g., apply quoted-printable).
  - this will make any clients non-compliant which are using text
    mode today.
Bottom line: The decision what to mandate boils down to the question
what implementors prefer.  And, yes, both alternatives are bad
Thus, if you are an implementor of PGP/MIME, please subscribe to the
ietf-openpgp mailing list, and let us know what should be done in
your opinion, and why.  Also, please tell us what mode you are using
nowadays, so we get a more precise impression of what software we
are going to break.
Thanks, and kind regards,

@_date: 2001-02-13 17:36:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Please delete one of the references in your archive 
Hi Kishore,
SSZ doesn't run any archives. There are several independent cypherpunk
archives. You need to talk to each of them indipendently.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-13 18:19:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena for  Kansas bookstore's sales records 
As usual you get it bass-ackwards...there must be a 'journalist' gene that
causes these sorts of cerebral mis-wires.
It isn't the store that's being protected. It's the purchaser of the
book, the reader to wit. To force a person to reveal their reading habits
violates the 1st because it infringes both speech and press. It's that
pesky '...no law..' clause that almost (whew!) everyone keeps wishing
wasn't there. Trying to voilate a persons civil liberties via a 3rd party
doesn't make it any less a violation and it doesn't redirect any
culpability to the initiating party simply because they are so removed.
There is no concomitent 'Congress shall make no law restricting the
manufacture, sale, possession, or use of hobby fish' so whichever law
officer it was that compared it to a fish store also failed to catch the
Journalist are scum (like lawyers) they sell their integrity, they deserve
no protection and actually get none. If you look at the history and
beliefs of the founding fathers they did NOT equate freedom of 'press'
with 'newspaper' or 'reporter'. I've forwarded Jeffersons comment on the
distiction and value of 'press' versus 'newspaper' already, take Tim's
advise and do a little digging in the archives. The reality is the only
protection the reporter gets is as a recognized agent of the press owner
and the right of the people to know what is going on around them (that
thing about you have rights until they impact another).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-13 19:58:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New stuff with Envelope Mail (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    People who supposedly write code I've done a bunch more work on Envelope Mail, as always, the latest info
is at -
New is actual code, complete with test code. Plans are next to write a
patch for BoboMail implementing the dummy version of the crypto API.
I could use immediate help on the following things -
A logo - I'm incapable of graphic design
A non-dummy version of the crypto API - the dummy one makes it
excruciatingly clear how the real one should work and gives a strong
indication of how it might be implemented. I'd make the 'real' one myself,
but, you know, you're not supposed to do that, and I'm trying to play
nice, despite the crypto community being remarkably unhelpful in this
-Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes

@_date: 2001-02-14 07:29:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena for  Kansas bookstore's sales records 
Where is:
Congress shall make no law respecting the laundering of a persons
Ain't there, you're blowing smoke.
No, in no sense are we talking about the store other than as a mechanism
for the execution by the book buyer (ain't that part of 'press'?) of
their protected activities. By infringing the store you infringe the
protected activities. Hence they wouldn't be protected, therefore the
initial action against the store can't be allowed.
Putting a 'tax' on owning a press would be identical. Are you saying that
taxing the simple ownership of a press should be allowed? That it would
not infringe the 1st?
There is NO issue of 'privacy' per se in this. The issue is that speech
and press (which includes reading same) are protected activities under the
1st. Publishing a book is not a 'private' activity (at least not in the
sense you use the word - remember 'private' has TWO (2) definitions, just like juicy-fruit.
Is your claim the 1st is based on a 'privacy' argument? I'd like to hear
As to 'privacy' refer to to the 4th, 5th, 9th, & 10th to understand why
the 'privacy' argument as tendered by Declan and others is so full of
holes it'd make good Swiss cheese.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-14 07:37:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DCSB: Steven Levy; How the Crypto Rebels Won (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 886 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-02-14 15:14:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: rubberhose.com (was Re: NTK now, 2000-02-09) (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    ---
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2001-02-14 15:18:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Possession of stolen books - an example 
Who aren't supposed to be buying them.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-14 16:08:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ah, now I catch Declan's trick 
He posted a comment the other day about my sending private notes was
unwaranted in responce to comments made on the public list.
I was wondering why he got them at all because previously he hadn't been
receiving them. Well today I made the same mistake, I didn't look at the
header until after I'd sent it. Then I realized that Declan is now sending
these messages not only to the list, but to me privately (something he
says is against netiquette?), something he wasn't doing before. The
private messages bubble to the top first so I reply to them. I was also
wondering why I was getting multiple copies of his inbound too.
So, if Declan would please forward the responce to his public post back to
the list (and send his commentary w/o me cc:'ed specificaly please) we can
proceed with a reasonably civil debate until he finds something else to
play with instead of the topic at hand.
    ____________________________________________________________________
                 One World, One Web, One Program - Microsoft
                 Ein Volk, Ein Reich, Ein Fuhrer - Hitler
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-15 17:58:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested Reading 
Coercion: Why we listen to what "they" say.
Douglas Rushkoff
ISBN 1-57322-115-5 (1999)
$25 US
An interesting book by the author of Cyberia, and one which is nearly
diametrically opposite. What makes this book so interesting is the authors
about face with his past views.
"Coercion spotlights the manipulative sides of commerce today, with a
sobering look at its power in the Internet era. A must-read for anyone who
wants an antidote to techno-utopianism."
                                              Mitch Kapor
                                              backcover quote
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-16 15:04:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CHOATE, etal: Unsubscribe Rob@nihilist.com 
Hi Peter
He isn't subscribed through SSZ, no nihilist.com or another.com in the
bunch. If another alias comes to light please pass it along and I'll
delete it.
As an aside, I usually only let bounces from SSZ subscribers last about a
week. If it isn't fixed in that time I figure it isn't going to.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-16 15:12:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The bounces are from algebra.com 
I did a search of the last bounce and it's coming from algebra.com.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-16 15:33:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CHOATE, etal: Unsubscribe Rob@nihilist.com 
Hi Alex,
Yes, but it gets into a gray area of 'censorship'. I know it seems
'obvious' but boundary conditions that appear obvious here can be
problematic 'there'. I prefer to simply stay away from the whole issue.
The backbone is unfiltered and should stay that way.
I'm not sure how algebra.com has their config file setup. In my majordomo
these sorts of things normaly go to list-owner and not list. The SSZ policy is to not touch the body or title of traffic on the
backbone and pass this on to our subscribers to filter to their hearts
content (that the title or body may be a bounce is irrelevant). Bounces
from an SSZ subscriber I catch before they get re-sent to the subscribers
(and the backbone) if I'm lucky. If the redirect to list-owner is in error
then I'll forward it to the list with appropriate notice. If it's a real
bounce (ie lasts at least a week) then I delete it. I used to try to send
notices but I got what Peter got, indifference. So I just delete the
accounts now.
What I'd suggest is to ask Igor if he can redirect that sort of stuff to
an account with a home dir of /dev/null. I know that he has operated the
algebra.com node pretty hands-off now for quite a while. As far as I am
aware he isn't even subscribed to the list.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-16 15:48:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BOUNCE cypherpunks@einstein.ssz.com:  global taboo header: /^subject:\s*Returned mail\b/i     (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Received: (from cpunks at localhost)
Received: from localhost (localhost)
Message-Id: <200102162147.PAA06584 at einstein.ssz.com>

@_date: 2001-02-17 18:33:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: maybe digital signatures won't be the next big thing after all (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    tbtf-irregulars at world.std.com, cryptography at c2.net
Jane, if this crew of folks, see above, can't do you justice, nobody can.
Everyone, Jane is about my favorite cryptography/"signature" lawyer, mostly
because she, like most people with sense, aren't sure they're "signatures"
at all...
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-02-17 18:33:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FC01 E-Voting Panel Description (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    cryptography at c2.net, coderpunks at toad.com
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-02-17 18:33:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [release] OutGuess 0.2 - universal steganography (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    ----------------------
OutGuess is a universal steganographic tool that allows the insertion
of hidden information into the redundant bits of data sources.  It
is undetectable by known statistical tests and provides for plausible
You can download OutGuess from Version 0.2 includes the following new features:
 - Undetectable by any statistical test based on frequency counts.  - Determines maximum message size that can be hidden safely.
 - Increases message space for JPEG format.
What does OutGuess do differently?
OutGuess modifies the least-significant bits of the quantized DCT
coefficients in case of the JPEG format.  While some people view this
as simple and primitive, it allows OutGuess to preserve statistics
based on frequency counts.  As a result, no known statistical test is
able to detect the presence of steganographic content.  Before
embedding data into an image, OutGuess can determine the maximum
message size that can be hidden while still being able to maintain
statistics based on frequency counts.
 Niels Provos.

@_date: 2001-02-17 18:34:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Making One-time pad using the soundcard (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
It is secure to make a onetime pad using 16 bit input from soundcard using the following algorithm?
Each bit of the output is the result of XOR-ing all 16 bits from the input sample... so, for making one byte of "one-time pad", I need 8 samples (16*8 bits or 16 bytes) of input?
Of course I allow this only if the cllipping doesn't occurs and there is [I would not feel particularly comfortable merely combining the bits
of a single sample -- distilling entropy using a hash function and
large blocks of input would probably work out better. I'm sure there
will be plenty of opinions around here. --Perry]

@_date: 2001-02-17 19:35:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Math Fiction - another fish in a shallow sea... 
Stumbled across this baby this afternoon,
Fantasia Mathematicia: Being a set of stories, together with a group of
oddments and diversions, all drawn from the universe of mathematics.
ed. Clifton Fadiman (1958)
SBN 671-24450-7 Casebox ed.
    671-24451-5 Fireside pbk.
LoC 58-6269
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-17 21:56:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: It's 2001, so it must be time for A Modest Filtering Proposal 
Bullshit, the ONLY objection that I have EVER had was proposals that
imposed policies or operating process on ALL operators OR(!!!) imposed
filtering on the backbone. Neither of these will I tolerate.
This neither effects the backbone nor is there somebody trying to tell me
what to do with my property (ie SSZ).
And I applaud your effort. This is exactly(!) why the backbone needs to
remain clean and unfiltered, so that INDIVIDUALS may decide what is in
their best interest versus some fucking kabala with its own agenda.
When you're up and ready to go let me know and I'll add you to my backbone
feed. Also, please post a reasonably detailed email with your policy,
suitable for framing of course, so that I can update the SSZ homepage. I'd
also post any details of your process (ie scripts) if you wish to share
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-18 09:27:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Web Standards Project: Upgrade, Or Miss Out 
Freedom of speech isn't an issue for Cypherpunks? Hijacking the technical
standards process for economic ends isn't a cpunk issue? Being told what
software to run on your computer isn't a cpunk issue? Producers hijacking
the free market process and 'managing' consumers isn't a cpunk issue?
Adam, the truth is you're a cryptographer and you wouldn't know 'punk' if
it walked up and bit you in the ass.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-18 09:37:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Math Fiction - another fish in a shallow sea... 
My $0.2? Yes, the CD is a good source of material. Though to be fair I
have to admit that I do so much hands-on crypto that I've only got the 1st
ed. floppy around here somewhere. I'd also suggest taking a look at the
Dr. Dobb's line of CD-R's as well. I also found the CD for,
Number Theory: A programmers guide
M. Herkommer
ISBN 0-07-913074-7
$65 US
useful, thought it does total only a couple of M's.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 07:24:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Is a Thermal Imaging search needful of a warrant? 
Diffie should stick to cryto, outside of that he's an idiot and doesn't
know of what he speaks. Hell, all those socialists at Sun seem to be idiot
If it was only a thermal imaging device involved it might fly (like a bird
can cross your property line with impunity). However, all the thermal
image device does is frequency shift the radiation to a range that IS
VISIBLE BY HUMAN EYES. It's still a human being looking at the image and
making evaluations of it.
Further, I'd like to see the definition of 'search' that is dependent upon
the mechanism, there is no such definition. 'Search' is about intent, not
method. 'Mechanism' is certainly NEVER mentioned in the 4th. Where did
this extra stricture come from? Where is it's justification?
"Why" and "How" are irrelevent in respect to a search. That one WANTS is
And, no. I'm no 'leftie'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 07:33:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Re: [Sovereignty v. global justice [was... Mohammed gets Miranda]]] 
And me as well :)
A figment of human psychology. My dog certainly doesn't use the same
definition of 'property' that I do, so it's clearly not 'universal'.
I don't understand this question, poor wording.
I think you're asking how to make sure the world is a clean place. As long
as humans must live on the planet full time I doubt it'll ever happen.
Outside of resource issues and looking at the political/psychological
aspects, Two party (ie consumer/producer) systems are inherently unstable
(it's why nobody wants to answer the question "where does the market
stability come from in order to create the free market"). So the answer
would seem to be diversity (ie vote with your feet).
I don't think property will give you that. The only measure of 'quality of
life' I've ever seen is 'security through freedom'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 07:34:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SHA-256 source code (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
If the original anonymous author had the foresight to timestamp his code
together with a public key before he posted the code, he can now claim
authorship by publishing the timestamp and signing messages with that key.
BTW, if anyone wants a public domain implementation of SHA-2 (including
-256, -384, and -512) with known authorship, there's one available in
Crypto++. It's written by myself, based on Steve Reid's public domain
SHA-1 code.

@_date: 2001-02-20 08:51:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The answer mankind has been looking for... (No, really) 
Quit looking to other people to solve your troubles.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 15:29:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Is a Thermal Imaging search needful of a warrant? 
Well that depends on the sort of bird and where your property is.
Yeah, a clear invasion of privacy without probably cause to 'unlock' or
remove those blinds.
The term 'reasonable expectation' does not appear in the Constitution and
most certainly doesn't appear in the 4th. Read the 10th for a better
description of what that means.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 16:01:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Re: [Re: [Sovereignty v. global justice [was... Mohammed gets Miranda]]]] 
Ok, we're in sync.
So you're saying the 2nd and 3rd question are absurd?
You believe a priori there is a 'clear' concept of property?
Do you own yourself (assume for a moment we ignore the DoI & Const.)?
Clearly the patent and property courts don't agree, I sent a forward on
this aspect earlier today. You believe that there is some definition of 'property' that all can agree
on? I'd like to understand what makes you believe this.
The best real world definition I have is something that allows a person to
make money. No other significant principle of weight seems to be involved.
Apparently not if you believe your last two questions are absurd. I
suspect this is a 'native language dispute' where what you mean and what
comes out isn't what I'm seeing. Can you possibly reword your second
question so I can hopefully understand your intent better? Assuming of
course it's worth your time.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 16:13:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Is a Thermal Imaging search needful of a warrant? 
No, I'm not going to let you argue the general by picking a specific that
fist your argument.
You can't shoot at aircraft of any kind at any time, even model ones.
No, you can't shoot at aircraft of any kind at any time that aren't yours.
Call the FAA on this one. If you're on your property and the air vehicle
is something like higher than 500ft you can't shoot it then either it's
no longer in 'private airspace' (look into the license free experimental
aircraft for the flight ceiling, it's been years since I did anything
like this.). I do experimental rocketry and one of the projects I wanted
to work on was a 'rocket wars' where two rockets tracked each other. When
I contacted the FAA they said they would not issue a waiver irrespective
of insurance issues.
A bird <> aircraft.
I'm quiting here 'cause you only get sillier.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 16:22:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FAQ? how to set up a cross-platform encrypted mailing list/forum 
Then have it do a dictionary search on a text, have it randomly pick 10
'words' as delimited by spaces. Do a dictionary search, if they're there
it PROBABLY isn't encrypted.
So, how does swapping a http for a smtpd effect clear text submissions and
re-transmission (helping known text attacks)?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 16:45:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Key Vanishes: Scientist Outlines Unbreakable Code 
Look into experimental rocketry and 'can satellites' (there's a link on /.
about the later). The cost to put a bird in space is probably around
$100k right now.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 16:48:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Secure Erasing is actually harder than that... 
What we need is encrypted distributed file systems ala Plan 9.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 16:57:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
Sealand would be a perfect place for a group of suitably motivated persons
to attempt to place experimental class rockets with can-sat's into orbit.
They could of course apply for a slot in the orbital parking orbits or buy
one from one of the S. Pacific islands whose major incomes is sales of
same. A more optimal mechanism is put them in a short term parking orbit
that decays in about 2 months. Then put another bird up with new keys and potentialy capabilities. Then you wouldn't necessarily need anyone
permission to play.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 18:37:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Key Vanishes: Scientist Outlines Unbreakable Code 
The $100K is predicated upon access to surplus NASA and aerospace parts
and having in hand the necessary testing facilities. This last one is the
killer. You are aware that the failure last year of the amateur race to
orbit was one of funding in all three cases? You should definitely look
into the cost analysis of those projects.
I'd suggest you contact Reaction Research Society as well,
$250K? Look into 'OSCAR' and 'can-sat', there's a link on /.
about can-sat currently .
A cell phone repeater with a 100W linear is sufficient. Surplus cell
transceivers are under $100. A PC-104 controller running Plan 9 (or Linux
if you're a conservative). Packet is much cheaper and it's reliable.
The project I've been working on is spun mirror telescope primaries, the
weight savings is incredible over glass. My goal is to put up a PC-104
running packet radio broadcasting one-way a view of the ground directly
'down'. I'm working up up to a larger effort.
If you ever get around to acting upon this please consider me for your
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 20:09:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Sovereignty v. global justice [was... Mohammed gets Miranda]] 
Ok, what is your suggested solution? How would you create a system that
not only protected your personal liberty and freedom of choice but would
also protect you against attack from others who are threatened by your
simple existance? By people that would throw you out of a ballpark simply
because you and your lesbian lover kissed, while not objecting to hetero
familiar displays?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-20 20:59:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
Really? You know of another place that is likely to allow you to launch
rockets to LEO with the express intent of putting wild-card remailers and such in orbit? You know many countries with the sort of technical
infrastructure required for even amateur attempts? While it's true it's
latitude and weather aren't optimal for any sort of sustained commercial
or government effort but we're not talking about that now are we? It's
certainly someplace on the E. coast of the horn of Africa would be ideal I
think the S. Africans ban amatuer experimental rocketry (you are aware
MOST countries ban amateur rocketry?).
No, given the choices it's about optimal. Belize would be a good place as
well provded you could get permission. There being a member of the English
commonwealth will probably prohibit it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-21 00:11:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FAQ? how to set up a cross-platform encrypted mailing list/forum 
Really? Provide a reference to such an algorithm? Determining if a
arbitrary message is encrypted using some arbitrary algorithm is identical
to language translation, a poorly understood operation at best.
The best I've seen so far is to take random space delimited samples of the
text and determine if they fit a particular language dictionary. If they
don't fit then it is more likely to be encrypted.
That's still a long way from your claim.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-21 07:21:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FAQ? how to set up a cross-platform encrypted mailing list/forum 
Which of the three list archives? I'm subscribers to all three of the
major lists you sent this to and NONE of them (especially if you're
talking about the moronic discussion on cypherpunks from a couple of
months ago - where NOTHING, especially no working algorithms were
discussed) have ever demonstrated a single algorithm that can decide if an
arbitrary block of symbols is encrypted or not (unless of course you know a priori by pre-defining it, which isn't the same problem as you describe at all).
Ah, now you change the rules of the game with 'controlled environment'.
That wasnt' in  your first description. I told you there was no such
ps shooting the can-sat down isn't the point, and to answer your
   question, a lot more than it costs to put them up there.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-21 07:23:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
Closer to 60 if you actuallly check a map.
Soluble problem with respect to Lat. There are more issues than simple
launch physics involved here.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-22 12:55:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FAQ? how to set up a cross-platform encrypted mailing list/forum 
Which didn't include a priori encryption specifications.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-22 16:14:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Key Vanishes: Scientist Outlines Unbreakable Code 
So let me get this straight. You're so worried about taps and
interceptions that you are willing to potentially spend thousands of
dollars on the hardware to detect the sorts of events under question (ie
astronomical RNG's). So normal old terrestrial sources aren't good enogh
because they might be tampered with.
But you're ok with going out and buying a webcam from who knows where?

@_date: 2001-02-22 17:24:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
transfer maneuver would be necessary, this requires an additional stage for the rocket.  I am aware of the type rocket you are talking about, and launched from an equatorial area they might work, but at 52 degrees of latitude they would have to be able to launch not only the satellite but an additional stage to perform the orbital transfer.  This would require not only a pretty capable rocket and a sophisticated control system as well for orbital transfer maneuvering. Even if an amateur system could do this it starts getting very expensive.  Hence my contntion that Sealand, even without issues of range safety, is not a very good launch site.     ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-25 22:26:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.527 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 527  February 23, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein,
and James Riordon
SILICON CAGE CLUSTERS: BETTER THAN BUCKYBALLS?
The discovery of carbon fullerenes (Update 2) caught the
imagination of scientists and the public alike as researchers raced
to find applications for the tiny spheres commonly called
buckyballs. Now researchers at the Joint Center for Atomic
Research in Japan have managed to create similar arrangements of
silicon atoms, a feat previously thought impossible owing to
silicon's chemical nature. Potential applications of the silicon
assemblies range from components in quantum computers to
chemical catalysts to new superconducting compounds. Silicon is,
of course, a vital material for the vast semiconductor industry and
one of the most studied elements in all of science.  Therefore this
new discovery might lead to applications that could match or even
exceed those expected for carbon fullerenes.  Unlike carbon atoms,
pure silicon cannot form stable, closed configurations. The new
research, however, reveals that silicon can gather around a central
metal atom and settle into basket-like arrangements called silicon
cage clusters. One particularly low energy, and therefore stable,
configuration consists of twelve silicon atoms forming a regular,
hexagonal cage that surrounds a tungsten atom (see figure at
  Because the choice of a
central metal atom affects the chemical behavior of cage clusters,
scientists should be able to tailor the clusters to create novel
nanodevices and catalysts. The researchers (Hidefumi Hiura, h-
hiura at bq.jp.nec.com, 011-81-298-50-2615) note in particular that
clusters efficiently isolate their guest metal atoms from the
surrounding environment, a characteristic that could permit a
cluster to act as a robust qubit in a quantum computer by storing a
single bit of information in the spin state of the enclosed metal
atom. (H. Hiura et al, Physical Review Letters, 26 February 2001.)
UNTYING THE KNOT.  Dealing with shoelaces is for most of us
[SSZ: text deleted]
PERMIAN CATASTROPHE COMET?  A trace of indium in
[SSZ: text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-27 15:43:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory,  Not Facts 
Speech can't violate rights, only acts against another can. Speech is not
an act against another.
Unconstitutional restrictions on speech that is. If there is a fire and I
don't yell have I commited a crime? If I yell fire and everyone does
nothing was a crime commited?
Let's take your example, it only applies if people are in the theatre AND
they react as if there were a fire. But is it the safety of the theatre
inhabitants we're concerned about? Clearly not since there are more than
sufficient legal and civil recoveries for both the theatre owner and the
patrons if their rights are infringed.
The reality is that causing a riot, via speech or some other mechanism,
isn't protected by the 1st. The argument to forward is a straw-man, they
want to regulate speech when it is convenient to their ends and they hope
nobody notices they're pulling a fast one to do it. So what they have is a
nice tasting argument so that you'll accept A PRIORI restraint on speech.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-27 16:25:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory,  Not Facts 
Not at all, code itself can NEVER infringe anothers right, UNLESS it's
executed (acted upon).
Speech in and of itself is powerful because of its two characteristics,
-	It's harmless and does nothing in and of itself.
-	It motivates peoples imagination to act.
It is the second point that ALL regulation of speech, expression, press,
distribution, etc. exists for.
Fundamentaly all government regulation of speech is nothing more than a
covert attempt to manage your consequent behaviour. It is not the speech
but what others may do with it. It is clear the person emitting the speech
has no control over the person receiving the speech. But we can't control
the second party until it's too late. So we try to control the first
party. Further, if we accept the premise that the first party is
responsible for the acts of the second party, then what of the unmentioned parties acting on the first party? And if we claim the first party is
acting of their own free will then what character of the second party is
our litmus test? What aspect of the relationship between the first and second parties is missing in the relationship between the first and unnamed
parties that relieves the unnamed parties of responsibility for the acts
of the first party? And isn't the regulation of PREVIOUS speech by such a
unnamed party also proof that the first party isn't acting of their own
free will? Isn't the fact that this unnamed party removed the potential
good from banned speech from the situation and thus itself participated in
the affront? And because they did so with forethought doesnt' this
compound their part?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-27 22:06:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory,  Not Facts 
But that's not the speech but the consequence of the speech. No, you
should be held to an a priori 'no lie' standard. But if by that
lie you are damaging, and intent should aggravage the crime, another
person by the change in behaviour of anonymous 3rd parties then how is
holding the speaker accountable for those consequences a limit on their
speech? How does that justify saying 'you can't lie'? Aren't there times
when lying is the only way not to hurt persons (rare as it is, if it
exists we must allow that if we hold that hurting people is wrong).
You're an asshole (not really, keep reading). Ridicule is political speech
and should be protected. Now my stating to another 3rd party that you're a
baby raper and as a consequence you lose your business is a whole other
situation. It's not the speech that should be punished, it should be my
acting with intent to harm. That speech might be involved is really
As long as it exists the work is not done.
It's worth observing that to Hitler, he made sense. (and no, I am NOT
drawing any sort of conclusion, simply saying the 'I and I' is not the end
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-27 23:42:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based ... 
Ding Ding :)
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-27 23:44:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "Information wants to be free" 
No, it wants to do the spanking.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-27 23:52:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed    Theory,  Not Facts 
It really isn't a point to be pursuaded, it's axiomatic in democratic
thought. The premise is that the only way to guarantee every person a say
in their society is to guarantee their say.
Not a hard concept at all. Unfortunately it's more than a tad non-PC,
especially to anarchist and federalist (statist by your term I believe).
Merely another observation that those who take oaths to protect our
liberty don't usually themselves believe in it.
Ask yourself (not Tim but the reader in general) why is it that in a
country dedicated to free speech the defendent in a trial doesn't get it
while in the courtroom?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-27 23:55:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Confusion about Free Speech 
Also known as 'polycracy' or 'polyocracy'.
It's also worth knowing the only extant sample was the Third Reich. Makes
it a hard sell for obvious reasons.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-28 07:36:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Confusion about Free Speech - polycentric 
Is it? Muslims and Christian traders really didn't use 'private law' in
the way we would use it today. Why? Because we are not primarily ruled by
our religous beliefs. The reason these examples aren't good ones is they
aren't what makes polycratic law polycratic, a bunch of independent EQUAL
authorities, they weren't. They all shared a common base infrastructure.
This is the same sort of near-miss as the Icelandic anarchist claims that
raise their heads once upon a while around here.
This raises the primary problem with polycratic law, and one which is
clearly evident in the Third Reich, they aren't economic. They each end up
fighting for the same scraps and that takes resources better spend for the
good of society. It's like watching a pack of hungry dogs fight over the
same scraps.
Actually Lessig is wrong for very one important reason, Open Source
software. The real question is whether the people out there will recognize
it in time.
People are building a technical and physical infra-structure that isn't
dependent upon the 'official' technical standards. We are reaching a level
of societal complexity where individuals are now abandoning centralized specialization because they have the tools to do many jobs themselves.
Law can't be efficient, not in its job description. Law isn't primarily an
economic factor (which must be crushing to those cryto-anarchist and
free-market mavens that live for the almight God dollar). Law is supposed
to be JUST. That it provides equal protection under the law is sufficient.
Besides the 'effeciency' of a legal system is irrelevent since it isn't
auto-catalytic (ie courts don't make law). The efficiency, if there is any
such beast to be had, is in the legislature. Efficiency is not making bad
laws in the first place. There is NOTHING in polycratic law that promises
to resolve this issue in any manner.
Yes, but one which even the old hats haven't resolved. Though some of them
will squeel mightily about how 'resolved' it is, references to the
archives and such.
People have spent their whole lives educating and being educated about
centralized homogenous government. What's interesting, at least in this
country, is we're actually going backward, lowering the bar. The
Declaration of Independence guarantees individual liberty, and we hand it
over to a bunch of fat old political farts on a court with way too much
authority. An example is the discussion over speech the last couple of
days, what amazes me is these people say it's 'my point' when in fact it's
the fundamental under-pinning of their very country. AND THEY DON'T EVEN
KNOW IT.
In a very real sense the American democratic experiment has failed. It's
first death blow was Lincolns inaugural address and the second was the
creation of 'artificial people' (ie corporations) for economic reasons in
1870. The first decision killed the Declaration of Independence and the
second moved 'rights' from the venue of people to the venue and control of
government (in direct contravention to the Constitution, for those who
want to argue the opposite please explain where 'business' or 'economic
concern' is in the 9th Amendment).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-02-28 19:20:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: disconnect (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
somehow my e-mail address got linked to yours and I'm receiving dozens of (unwanted) messages daily addressed to your e-mail. Any idea how I can get disconnected from your address? (I'm a computer novice.)

@_date: 2001-01-02 07:27:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Philippines - Public Announcement - December 31, 2000 (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Philippines - Public Announcement
December 31, 2000
On December 30, 2000, the American Embassy in Manila, Philippines made the
following announcement to the local American community in the Philippines.
There were several explosions in the Metro Manila area on December 30, 2000.
The first one occurred at approximately 12 PM and the latest at about 2PM.
The devices went off at the LRT station at Blumentritt; Plaza Ferguson,
which is near the Embassy compound; Pasay Road near the Dusit Hotel in
Makati; the cargo terminal at Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA); and
on a bus in Cubao, Quezon City. Unconfirmed reports of casualties indicate
more than 12 dead and 50 injured. No American citizens are reported among
the casualties and there has been no damage to U.S. Government facilities.
The following is very important guidance for American citizens:
--The Embassy strongly encourages all Americans to remain at their
residences for the remainder of December 30 unless it is absolutely
necessary to do otherwise. Please direct any further questions to the
Embassy's Marine Security Guard at 523-1001, extension 2311 or 2688.
--If you are in the vicinity when such an incident occurs, leave the area
immediately. Do not approach the scene of a bombing or simply stand by
during the initial investigative phase.
--If you see a suspicious object or package, do not disturb it. Immediately
notify an appropriate official, such as a police officer or building guard,
and then depart the premises.
--If you are involved in any of the above, immediately notify the Embassy
with details.
All Americans should continue to review their personal security, remain
vigilant in their personal surroundings and exercise caution. Please remain
particularly alert when out in a public setting.
For further general information on travel to the Philippines, consult the
Department's latest Consular Information Sheet for the Philippines and the
Public Announcement for the Philippines dated September 1, 2000 which this
Announcement supplements. This Public Announcement expires on March 30,
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2001-01-02 07:30:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 1 in 700 emails contains a virus... 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-03 07:31:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OceanStore - anonymous and distributed data storage? 
(it's a vector to Forbes).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-05 16:20:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Worldwide Caution - Public Announcement - January 5, 2001 (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Worldwide Caution - Public Announcement
January 5, 2001
The Department of State remains concerned about the possibility for
terrorist actions against United States citizens and interests throughout
the world.  American citizens are reminded of the need to remain vigilant
with regard to their personal security.  This Public Announcement is not in
response to any one particular threat or event but to emphasize the U.S.
Government's ongoing concern for the security of Americans overseas.
The Department of State continues to receive reports that prompt concern
about the safety and security of both official U.S. Government personnel and
private American citizens worldwide.  As always, we take this information
seriously.  As a result, U.S. Government facilities worldwide remain at a
heightened state of alert.  In addition, U.S. Government facilities have and
will continue to temporarily close or suspend public services as necessary
to review their security posture and ensure its adequacy.
In light of the above, U.S. citizens are urged to maintain a high level of
vigilance and to take appropriate steps to increase their security awareness
to reduce their vulnerability.  Americans should maintain a low profile,
vary routes and times for all required travel, and treat mail and packages
from unfamiliar sources with suspicion. In addition, American citizens are
also urged to avoid contact with any suspicious, unfamiliar objects, and to
report their presence to local authorities.  Vehicles should not be left
unattended, if at all possible, and should be kept locked at all times.
U.S. Government personnel overseas have been advised to take the same
U.S. citizens planning to travel abroad should consult the Department of
State's Public Announcements, Travel Warnings, Consular Information Sheets,
and regional travel brochures, all of which are available at the Consular
Affairs Internet web site at   We will continue to
provide updated information should it become available.  American citizens
overseas may contact the American Citizens Services unit of the nearest U.S.
Embassy or Consulate by telephone or fax for up-to-date information on
security conditions.  In addition, American citizens in need of emergency
assistance should telephone the nearest U.S. Embassy or Consulate before
visiting the Embassy or Consulate.
This Public Announcement replaces the Public Announcement - Worldwide
Caution of October 12, 2000, and it expires on June 7, 2001.
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2001-01-06 09:52:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.519 (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 519  January 4, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe and Ben
Stein          PHYSICS NEWS STORIES OF THE YEAR.  Our top three
stories represent one definite sighting and two near misses: the
discovery of the tau neutrino (Update 495) and the report of
statistically-poor but fascinating evidence for quark-gluon plasma
(Update 470) and the Higgs boson (502).  Other top physics
events for the year 2000 include (in roughly chronological order
through the months) the resolution of the astrophysical x-ray
background into discrete sources (467); the ability to guide atoms
around "atom chips" (469, 486); all-optical NMR (472); quantum
entanglement of 4 ions in a trap (475); the fabrication of a "left-
handed" composite material, one possessing both a negative
electrical permittivity and a negative magnetic permeability (476);
the best map yet of the cosmic microwave background, showing
that the curvature of the universe is zero (479, 481); the
observation of quantum heat, particles of thermal energy moving
down wires (481); the best measurement, by a factor of 10, of the
gravitational constant G (482), with a corresponding adjustment in
the mass of the Earth; the first-time measurement of gravity at the
micron distance scale as part of the search for extra dimensions
(483); the quantum superposition of superfluid currents flowing in
both directions through a SQUID (492); a record number of
daughter particles made in heavy-ion collisions at RHIC (505);
numerous advances  in quantum cryptography (480); light slowed
to 1 mph (472); advances in delivering drugs and genes with
ultrasound-activated bubbles (487); and the discovery that
entangled photons can defeat the diffraction limit (503).
NONCLASSICAL LIGHT.  A feature of quantum theory is that
objects should have both particle and wave properties.  Thus,
things usually encountered as particles such as electrons or atoms
show their quantum, or nonclassical, nature in the form of
wavelike effects.  Conversely, light, which can usually be
described by a wave equation, shows its nonclassical side by
acting like a particle.  In most optics experiments, even those
involving lasers, the light produces only classical effects which
can be described using 19th century electromagnetism.  For
example, a grocery scanner diode laser emits about 10^15 photons
per second.  When such a stream encounters a half-silvered
mirror, half of the light will be reflected, and half transmitted. With so many photons, the individual particle nature is hidden
when the photons are detected at photodiodes sitting behind each
exit port of the beamsplitter. If the original laser beam is replaced
with a source of single photons, then the story is different: a lone
photon might well have an equal chance of going towards either
detector, but it will ultimately register in only one, a sure sign of
quantum behavior.  One can probe these issues more deeply by
using entangled photon pairs.  Kevin Resch, Jeff Lundeen, and
Aephraim Steinberg at the University of Toronto send ultraviolet
(UV) light into a special crystal in which a single UV photon can
produce two red photons in a process called down-conversion. One of the red photons is vertically polarized and the other is
horizontally polarized, and therefore the photons can be time-
delayed relative to one another by varying the thickness of
birefringent material (which can swivel a light wave's orientation)
traversed by the photon.  By adjusting the delay between the
photons, the researchers were able to change the number of
photon pairs emerging from an interferometer without changing
the intensity, or brightness, of the beam.  Owing to the intrinsic
nonlinear response of the detectors this quantum interference
effect then became apparent in the counting rate at a single
detector (an effect never before observed) and not just in the
coincidence rate between a pair of photodetectors.  The
researchers believe that the ability to observe such nonlinear
responses in photodetection at the single photon level may be
useful to the study of decoherence in photodetection and for
providing an experimental basis for developing a more accurate
theoretical description for photodetection.  (Physical Review A, 1
February 2001; Kevin Resch contact: 416-946-3162,
resch at physics.utoronto.ca.)

@_date: 2001-01-07 08:45:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Functional quantum computer? 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-07 08:57:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's up w/ CCC in Germany? 
Anyone know why the ccc.de node is bouncing?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-07 09:47:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Functional quantum computer? 
Hi Meyer,
Unfortunately there is no guarantee the URL is stable either.
The point being you've got the topic and they have a search engine.

@_date: 2001-01-07 11:50:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Spam Re: Are you a computer user? 
Which admin? You must be a newbie, see the archives and
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-08 16:18:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Functional quantum computer? 
By the bitching you and others are making it's not I who has the problem.
I have none (zero, nadah, null, nil).
And I told you to stop, you didn't. Don't give me consideration then don't
bitch when you don't get it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-08 17:18:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: History Channel television show on NSA (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The 'History Channel' cable TV network will air a show about the NSA
tomorrow night January 8, at 8 pm Eastern.  Their website says this about
America's Most Secret Agency
The National Security Agency, America's most secret and controversial
agency, is charged with safeguarding the nation's strategic intelligence
information and decoding the secret communications of our enemies. For
only the second time in its nearly 50 year history, the N.S.A. allowed
cameras inside its Ft. Meade, Maryland, headquarters, and the director,
Lt. General Michael V. Hayden, sits for a rare interview and addresses
issues such as privacy. Tune in and find out if Big Brother is watching

@_date: 2001-01-09 16:37:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [alg] gpg with gnome clients (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: alg at austinlug.org
Does anyone know of a good gnome email client ( ala balsa ) which has
strong support for gpg ( as does mutt)? I have some people from the
spoonfed MS world who have discovered the need/use for email crypto, and
they are having a horrible time getting pgp to work completely correctly
with anything: eudora/OE, etc. So, I felt that this might be the perfect
opportunity to wean them from the Redmond teat by showing them how that
job, plus all others they usually perform can be handily done in Linux.
Since they are from the Windows world I thought that I would soften the
transition by using gnome. I can't stand KDE; so, don't suggest kmail.

@_date: 2001-01-09 17:11:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DCSB: Ted Byfield; ICANN, Intellectual Property, and Digital  Commerce (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 922 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-01-09 18:15:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Update on NIST crypto standards (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Forwarded with permission.  There is also going to be an announcement on modes of operation;  should have the information within the next month or thereabouts.
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 2001-01-10 07:19:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a , Little Boomlet 
You mean like Belize and it's tax free zones? You're thesis that these
small commenwealth countries aren't tax heavens is incorrect. There was an
article in Wired just a couple of months ago about two .com dipshits with
no clue who were down there trying to make a go of it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 07:35:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP & copyright - Somebody with a clue? 
The original article is over on /.. Apparently Baen Books is willing to
put their wallet where there mouth is to prove that the current IP argument
is doomed. It will be an interesting experiment.

@_date: 2001-01-10 08:08:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: to Jim.  
Hi Kristen,
Please don't send me private email. If you would like to have a discussion
then please leave it on whatever 'list' you happen to be refering to. If
you find this request strange then perhaps you should go to jya.com and
ponder his current situation. Additionaly I join public mailing lists to
public conversation, not to foster further private ones.
As to the email, I will forward what is relevant and convenient for me to
submit at the time. I make no promises about format or attachments, only
that if you follow the URL it will be worth your time. Only you can judge
that value however. Do as you see fit.
Have a nice day.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 09:18:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: to Jim.  
That's actually a misrepresentation. What you are proposing is nothing
more than more 'freedom for me, not for thee'. Why?
Simply, your argument is,
-	It's personaly inconvenient, I want it thusly.
-	Because it's inconvenient then it should conform
-	So, let's move the 'inconvenience' off on another party so
-	Never mind the effect on them.
It's a bullshit line of reasoning. It's self-absorbed, rude, and
socialist (in the sense of coerced monotonic behaviour).
As to those who threaten to kill-file such participants, this says more
about the kill-filer than the kill-filee.
The only requirement ANY participant in this community or any other should
have is to be fair and considerate of others and a willingness to
participate in a dialectic. Conformity or consensus are not required (and
are really detrimental). Whether a particular post conforms to some
'format' is really a moot point.
This is supposed to be an anarchy, yet the leaders of the 'conformity
clique' are supposedly anarchist themselves. How odd...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 09:29:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
It has been proposed that forwarding a URL with a page attachment is
copyright infringement. Taint so.
The situation is equivalent to a group of friends sitting around a table
and only one paper among them. As they discuss a particular article they
pass it among themselves. This is fair use and this is what forwarding a
URL and content attachment to a mailing list is.
The copyright infringement issue arises when you SAVE that post. The real
question of copyright infringement is the archivist who saves it but
doesn't have permission to hold a copy of that material. It is the act of
archiving digital data that is infringement and not sharing of access.
Strictly speaking the ONLY group who has a legal requirement to strip
attachments is archive sites.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 09:30:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: to Jim. 
Go boy, go! Come on, you can do it!
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 09:46:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Choate Free Zone (I'm famous Ma!) 
It's interesting that the current users of SSZ are free to express
their views now, by moving to an alternate node. Even one of the 'CDR:'
free ones (which realy makes the point moot, but it is insiteful).
Personaly, I can't fathom why somebody who was bothered by the 'CDR:' or
my views would participate through SSZ, so why would a strategy as
proposed work? Ignorance.
What I try to do is offer my users an alternate, a choice. The polar
opposite of ignorance. My goal is to treet them as a true peer.
Information is power (that't WHY it want's to be free). Wasn't it Stalin
who said something about books being stronger than guns?
The reality is that the issue isn't the CDR, attachments, or whatever.
Just another demonstration of why anarchy doesn't work. "Do it my way or I
won't play..." ;)
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 10:45:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: remove (fwd) 
for help.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com

@_date: 2001-01-10 11:33:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Choate Free Zone (I'm famous Ma!) 
I never said there weren't rules. Anarchy means no central authority, no
'arch'. The distinction you gloss is that the rules and protocols are
TOTALLY VOLUNTARY. The decision to comply is left at the discretion of the
individual. Some do, some don't.
Just another example of 'freedom for me but not for thee'. You feel it's
ok to shun, but not ok to be shuned. What a hypocrite.
In ANY sort of anarchy the act of shunning must be for something more than
simply refusing to go along.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 12:22:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
You are if you take it knowingly (can you take something unknowingly?) and
especially if with the intent to defraud the copyright holder of their
In the case of the Tom Clancy novel, there's usually a clause about no
electronic storage so if you had such a novel then yes possession would in
fact be a crime.
I would have thought the .mp3 controversy would have made this point
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 12:43:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
No, Tim. That isn't. If a store, who takes it on concession, has not sold
it by the time it's display date expires the cover is torn off. The book
is entered into the accounting system as 'destroyed' and it goes on from
there. The key point being, at least to this conversation, is that no
royalty on the book was ever paid. It was legally bound for the trash
So, possession is in effect possession of stolen property.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 12:47:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Possession of stolen books - an example 
Alison Sinclair
Harper Science Fiction
ISBN 0-06-105820-3
$6.50 US
I quote from the 'fly' (or whatever it's called), the facing page to the
first page of chapter 1.
"If you purchased this book without a cover, you should be aware that this
book is stolen property."
They've been doing this for at least 20 years.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 13:16:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Possession of stolen books - an example 
Are you a bookseller taking the book on concession? Are you listing it as
'destroyed' and then taking it to a local bookstore to sell it? No? Didn't
think so. Did the book have a cover when you bought it? Your comparison is
moot, you are ignoring who actually owns the property, and arguing that
because on one non-similar case one can do one thing then by extension
that same freedom of action extends to all others.
That's nitwit Tim.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 13:24:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - The Conscience of a Hacker 
The article written by "The Mentor" (If you see Loyd tell him ravage says
Hi!)has raised its head again...

@_date: 2001-01-10 16:34:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Jim's posting practices [ Was: Re: to Jim.]  
Your first mistake. They are not distinct. One can not have one without
the other.
And I challenge you to demonstrate the errors. To date not one of these
supposed failures has been demonstrated.
As to having ideas survive it is the reason I post in public forums,
private forums are worthless for this.
No, a failure to conform. To in fact conform to an arbitrary standard with
reason to its existance. The fact is if you refer to the archives I've
posted forwards in a variety of styles. Without fail each and every one of
them (some of them being suggested now as 'accepted' alternatives - which
is a hoot for me) has come under criticism. In many cases by the same
In your opinion. You say 'potatoe' and I say 'potato'. They are in fact
standard accepted citations methods.
Get a fucking clue.
Actually it does work just fine.
Shouldn't have been any attachment, just the URL. Oh well. Shit happens.
Can you explain why I should? Why are your beliefs as to posting style,
content, what I or any other member of this find of particular fucking
interest? Demonstrate why any of my actions to date have caused you ANY
sort of harm? Because without harm you've no business asking, let alone
telling them what to be doing or how.
You're exactly the sort of person Cypherpunks are trying to stop.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 17:10:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Jim's posting practices [ Was: Re: to Jim.] 
I've told you before, I'm not interested in your body. As to your
bandwidth and it's cost, that's a personal problem. Good luck with it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 18:04:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ravage.... A man... a mission.... a moron 
No, it's going to be that I didn't say they were identical. I said they
weren't independent/seperate (ie you can't talk about the form of
something until you understand its function and so on), not the same thing
at all.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 18:15:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: can you take something unknowingly? (was Re: IP, forwarded 
Yes, you are responsible. Being in possession of a illegaly copied movie,
software, .mp3, CD, book, etc. is in fact a crime.
Copyright is the default, not public domain. So you're saying that if
somebody takes something with intent to steal (even though) it isn't
really stealable then they aren't guilty?
I suspect a jury will not accept the 'I thought it was free' defence.
How is this different, it's still possession (or use) of property
illegaly. Simple ignorance isn't a defence.
No it isn't. You either develop it independently or you don't. You can
however take it without malice, which is what you're talking about.
Not the same thing at all.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 18:17:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Declan's book 
The market speaks, your time must not be worth the same as his after all.
That must be crushing.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 18:29:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
Example please.
Give me an example of overstating my case. The reality is that I've in
good faith answered, or at least attempted, to the best of my ability.
I've explained my thinking in detail.
Where are your rebuttals? I wait with hesitant expectation of your
Actually you will. Does the string 'G3' mean anything (and I turned out to
be right even though I backed down so Tim May would get his way). There
are others.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 19:05:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: For fun 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 20:08:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement  
But it isn't an example of my mistake. A HK G3 (and the non HK G3 is also
.308) IS a .308 and not .223.
Now back to your point, your example please?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 21:12:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
Up until then I thought I did too...I"m not so sure any more.
It's not a clone of the HK G3 as it was explained to me, it was apparently
used as an interim weapon when the German Army dropped the HK G3 as a
standard issue weapon a few years ago (ala G11). Maybe FAL, they're
selling a 'G1' rifle that uses caseless ammo? Though I can't find a
reference to any such rifle. Maybe it was CETME you do see their gun
pushed as the 'G3' (the HK is a 'clone' or derived weapon from the Spanish
Honestly, I never could figure out exactly what was going on there. That's
why I finally dropped it. I just did some searches on google and didn't
find anything helpful.
Hope that helps.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-10 22:22:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: G3 chatter... 
True enough. Most of the European weapons designed through the early 80's
were either German or Russian based it seems to me. I've been looking at
the FN P90 for a while.
I don't know. I'm familiar with the dual drum setup.
I certainly like HK. Sig makes nice pistols. Haven't kept up with the
latest Walther stuff.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-11 07:20:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement  
I'm under no compulsion to prove YOUR case. You claim that I'm wrong much
of the time. Let's see one of my claimed failures. Demostrate why it is
This is your hypothesis, let's see your work.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-11 07:25:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
Thanks but don't put yourself out, it isn't the issue under question. The
only question of interest is who produced the non-HK 'G3' that the Germany
Army used for about a year back in the early 90's (say 90-92?). And it's
completely pedantic at this point.
Thanks for the offer.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-11 17:56:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
Thanks for the feedback.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-12 07:45:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: More on G3s 
Another Tim May attempt at changing history. "No, it wasn't ME that made
that claim, it was Choate!, yeah, that's it. Blaim it on Choate." It's as
lame as his 'Choate claimed Gauss' Law didn't apply' when in fact it was
Tim who made the claim. Don't answer the question, complain about the
quoting practice, or that it has an attachment, anything but participating
as an EQUAL in a dialectic.
Go back to the archives and you will find Tim May claiming that ANY HK
rifle with *3 (eg 93 or G3) is a .223 whereas the *1's (eg 91) are .308.
When in fact the '3 means .223' applied ONLY to the '90' (ie 91 or 93) class weapons. The reality (which Tim never admited either) is that a G3
IS in fact a 91, or the other way around if you prefer historical
lineage. The G3 was the mil-spec and the 91 was the civilian clone. But
hey, since when was Tim interested in FACTS? Never.
He went on and on about the '3 means .223' and that this applied to ALL
HK weapons.
Check the archives. At one point I forwared a HK hompage asking him to explain the page. He never responded. Though he did continue the ad hominim.
The rest of the points, who didn't make the 'other G3' or who happens to
own HK today are his typical strawman argument techniques. Don't answer
the question, it might be unfomfortable.
As to people trying to paint life with broad strokes and ignoring the
distinctions is another typicall May'ism. He's always making comparisons
that are flawed because of some 'minor' point that Tim 'overlooked'. It's
'minor' because it usually blows a hole the size of a grayhound bus in
whatever crank anarchist idea he's had today (crack induced is a
supposition at best).
Tim's general approach (Declan's as well) is "if they disagree with me
they must be stupid". What you'll find is Tim making argument after
argument but he never defends them. When questioned he simply attacks the
questioner and hopes nobody notices he slipped the real point in the
dialectic. He's always claiming how easy it would be to destroy this
argument or that, but when it comes down to it Timmy always comes up
short. He NEVER participates. He's quick to lay the challenge down but
he's never delivered. A perfect example of intellectus interruptus.
Look at the free market/economic equilibrium debate. He's quick to refer
to Hayek, though never by particular quote that is verifiable. And when he
is faced with Hayek quotes to the contrary he attacks the messenger. He's
quick to suggest this or that book but when questioned he never has a
responce. Sometimes I doubt he actually reads them. Just puts them on the
shelf so he can be somebody.
His backstroke isn't any better today than yesterday. Tim believe he
should be able to dictate from on high and that he has zero responsiblity
to other people with respect to treating them with respect or
consideration, let alone responding to questions about his claims.
Come on Tim, show us the email wher I (not you) claim Gauss's Law doesn't
apply? Show us the email where I (not you) claim the G3 is not .308. Or
that ESS's are real, or how the economic equilibrium is achieved in the
bullshit anarchic free market. Etc., etc., etc.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-12 07:55:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: More on G3s 
Not to be contrary but the crypto relationship is just too much....
What makes 'your friend' an authority? Why should we take your word for
it? How do we know that you're not Tim via an alternate account or a
friend in collusion?
How do we authenticate your friend (ie pk management)?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-12 19:18:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: More on G3s 
No, simply pointing out that you've admitted to use this anonymously. No
reason to suspect you couldn't be this person either.
No claim for actuality, just an observation of potentiality.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-12 19:44:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: An example of Tim's confusion... 
Hey Tim,
Seems you felt the 91 came in other calibres than .308 too...
Where's your correction?

@_date: 2001-01-12 20:02:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: And abou that Gauss thing... 
What's that about Gauss's Law not operating on a sphere?...

@_date: 2001-01-12 20:03:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another genious on physics... 
Like the sparks don't release charge that gets distributed via Gauss's Law
to the OUTSIDE of the sphere...

@_date: 2001-01-12 20:36:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About those EM waves, Gauss's Law, and somebodies fucked up physics...& incomplete CH archives 
If the waves aren't reflected where do they go? The Faraday Cage is the only
place since it's absorbing them. What happens when that happens? A charge
builds up on the cage. Then what happens? The charge leaks away to Earth.
What happens when a charge flows? A current you say? And then what? A EM
field you say?
Wow, and we build detectors for both static and dynamic fields. Imagine
What happens is this:
EM field strikes ungrounded Faraday Cage. This induces a current in cage
conserving the energy of the EM Field. When that field goes away the
electrons in the cage now have energy over their ground state. So what does
a happy electron do when it has extra energy and wants to go to ground? It
gives it away. What do we call that? EM radiation or radio/light/heat.
Easily detectable. Don't ground the shield you're just making an antenna.
One kind of antenna like this is called a box antenna. It also happens to be
why they build stealth planes out of something other than conductors (ask
yourself how that flat plate 'reflects' the radar).
If an electron always seeks the shortest path (which it doesn't, it hops
around quantum like and is only probabilisticaly taking the shortest path,
this old wives tail ignores the 'like charges repel' rule) then how come
lightening branches?  How come lightening is several inches to a couple of
feet in diameter.
Are you saying a tube is a shorter path than a line? Are you saying that two
paths through the air have EXACTLY the same resistance? That's pretty
unlikely yet almost all lightening has branching.
And if a spark gap is actually conserving charge (it doesn't, if it did a
spark gap radio wouldn't work) then where does all that Ozone come from?
What do you thing happens when the ozone breaks down with the first UV
photon that comes bopping along? They break apart and make O2 and O (which
has a charge).
I did notice while tooling around the CH Archive that it's not complete.
There are at least two posts in the 'Gauss' discussion that were a responce
to emails later on in the discussion (graphics showing ways to build
'batteries' that had excess charge in contravention to the supposition
proposed that all batteries had to have no excess charge to distribute to
the sphere).

@_date: 2001-01-12 20:56:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: An example of Tim's confusion... 
I didn't quote it, I sent the entire message. Tim says HO 91 (.308
calibre) as if there were others.
Moot point really. The real demonstration here is that even Tim gets
confused. So his throwing shit at others for behaviour he participates in
is just silly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-12 20:57:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Jim on E&M 
Really? I've been damned succesful with it over the last 25 years.
If you really believe that grounding is NOT REQUIRED for sheilding then
it's not I who knows nothing about emissive EM.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-14 10:49:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.520 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 520  January 12, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, James
Riordon, and Ben Stein   PLANETARY OCTAVE.  Johannes Kepler succeeded in
[ SSZ: Text deleted ]
TILTING AT OPTICAL WINDMILLS. One of the greatest
challenges facing engineers who design tiny
microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) is finding ways to
power machines that often measure only microns across. The
answer, it seems, may be blowing in the optical wind. Researchers
at the Hungarian Academy of Sciences have built resin-based
structures that operate on principles similar to those that propel
windmills. Rather than extracting energy from wind, however, the
new devices are driven by beams of light. In one demonstration of
the potential for light-powered machinery, an optical vane turned a
series of interlinked cogwheels, each only 5 microns in diameter.  The researchers (Pl Ormos, pali at everx.szbk.u-szeged.hu,
36-62-433-465) manufactured various shapes for their devices,
including helixes and propellers, by curing resin with focused laser
light. A particularly promising structure that resembles a common
lawn sprinkler (see figure at
 spins at several revolutions
per second when illuminated by a 20 milliwatt laser beam. In
addition to providing torque to miniature gears, pumps, and other
micro-machines, the light-powered rotors could be used to measure
fluid properties on micrometer scales. Alternatively, it may be
possible to study the mechanical properties of certain molecules,
such as proteins or DNA, by fixing one end to a surface, attaching
a rotor to the other end, and using light to apply a twisting force.
(Pter Galajda; Pl Ormos, Applied Physics Letters, 8 January
ARRAYS OF LOW-TEMPERATURE SENSORS can now be
serviced by a single SQUID
detector operating in a multiplex mode for the first time. A
SQUID, short for superconducting quantum interference device,
can detect very small magnetic fields in the following way: a SQUID circuit consists basically of a superconducting loop
interrupted at two points by a thin insulator gap through which
pairs (Cooper pairs) of electrons must tunnel (that is, in their
wavelike capacity the electrons can pass through an otherwise
forbidden zone) to maintain a flowing current. This whole process
is sensitive to any magnetic flux threading the circuit. The addition
of more flux will cause a slight voltage increase across the gap.
Thus a SQUID operates as a flux-to-voltage converter, but can also
be used to read small currents. Physicists at UC Berkeley (contact
Jongsoo Yoon, 510-642-8809, yoon at cfpa.berkeley.edu) have now
developed a SQUID-based multiplexer which can interrogate
arrays of many low-temperature sensors all at once. This makes
possible arrays of a thousand or more sensors for
magnetoencephalography (which maps magnetic fields from brain
activity) and arrays of several thousands of a voltage-biased
superconducting bolometers,  or VSBs, employing tens of
multiplexers. Such large VSB arrays are being developed for the
next generation of spacecraft-based astronomical
observations to detect radiation from interstellar dust and to
explore the earliest history of the Universe by measuring the
cosmic microwave background radiation. The multiplexer is also
useful for arrays of sensors for the detection of ultraviolet light and
X-rays.(Yoon et al., Applied Physics Letters, 15 January 2000.)
CORRECTION.  The correct acronym for the rainfall measuring
satellite (Update 518) is TRMM (not TRIM), and its correct
website is

@_date: 2001-01-15 20:05:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Playing an FPS for Money? 
Now, here's a micro-mint app if there ever was one...

@_date: 2001-01-15 23:31:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: early registration deadline for Financial Cryptography '01 (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    e$ mac-crypto at vmeng.com, cryptography at c2.net,
    coderpunks at toad.com
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-01-16 08:18:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: authenticating Real Life(tm) 
Then in general you must hate me...
The 'proof' IS the 'protocol'. You act as if 'proof' and 'trust' are
equivalent. They're not. I 'trust' because I know the protocol won't
'lie'. That is the 'trust' and the heart of the 'proof'.
This of course, speaking of Real World (TM), raises the question of if a
protocol even exists. In most cases it doesn't. And in many cases even if
it did only Bill G. could afford it.
Here is the heart of commercial authentication services. Raise the cost of
tampering with the system while at the same time not raising the cost of
actually doing the system. Otherwise the customers can't afford it. It's a
horse race. And it will be until every iota of information is free (fat
For your assertion to be so you still need to prove:
A trust B, B trusts C, therefore A trusts C.
After all, simply because you and I trust the protocol still doesn't mean
I trust you. It only means I believe you haven't lied in this particular
Another aspect is that the 'authentication' is good only for now. The fact
that we require the protocol to be repeated each time is a priori
admission of our trust. I mean if we've authenticated them once it should
be ok for now on if we 'trust' them.
You can't because it doesn't. This proof is central to your assertion.
It's fundamentally central of 'web-of-trust'. It's why this particular web
doesn't scale well.
I trust the protocol to fail if it is tampered with because of universal
access to its base components (ie isotropic and homogenious). Something
that no amount of money, time, or political influence can change.
I use the protocol not to decide my trust but to give me a reason to opt
out of the process. Fundamentally if you have to apply any of these sorts
of protocols to an exchange a reasonable person won't want to be involved
in the first place. There is a fundamental lack of trust already extant.
The key point however is to recognize the true function of any
authentication protocol, to stop now - to drop out.
Speaking of examples of trust,
In the made-for-tv SG-1 pilot movie they must identify if the stargate is
a trap. They do this with a simple empty cleanex box. This is a great
example of 'trust' and 'authentication'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-18 17:52:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ CDR Node: Re: Rapid5 Networks, Inc. 
As usual, crap vitriole.
John, I think you've up'ed the med's too far this time.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-19 17:18:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: openpgp.net & whgiii dropped 
I've removed boht whgiii and openpgp.net from my subscriptions. They have
been bouncing continously for a couple of days now.
I guess they need a sys admin who knows what they're doing...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-19 22:50:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
You fucking self-centerd ego-maniacal animal abuser. You NEVER have to use
fear with pets. If you have to use fear it is your failing, not the pets.
Do the animal a favor get rid of the pet, you're not fit for it.
I hope the next time you use fear on your pets somebody comes along and
teaches you the lesson, a 2x4 up your ass seems suitable.
Do your kids a favor, don't have any.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-19 23:10:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
A thesis was made and an example to support it was offered. The example is
flawed (not to mention demonstrating a massive lack of emotional
maturity on the part of the author/animal abuser).
Abusing animals is NEVER offhanded.
Animals don't fear 'no', they fear what you'll do to them. And you don't
have to use it to teach them what it means either. How do you teach an
animal 'fear'? One way and one way only, abuse.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-20 00:59:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
[ WARNING: Use of 3rd person referentials. Not necessarily meant as a
           personal indicative.]
That's not fear, that's respect of the pecking order (I assume you
speak of dogs since most other animals couldn't give a fuck less about
your tone of voice unless you're yelling). Fear is an entirely different
matter from respect.
More people should understand this distinction. Hell, most people
shouldn't even have pets.
Don't know about abuse but it's crappy training technique (and I say that from raising dogs for 37 years). Also, abuse is about more than simply
striking them. It includes negligence as well. It means not doing what you
should be doing.
No, you shouldn't be tapping them on the nose or otherwise physically
striking them. If you wait around until the animal has to take a crap in
the floor then YOU have failed in the training. The goal is to teach the
animal to ask to go out. That means YOU have to learn the animals schedule
and use it to teach them the expected behaviour. That means YOU have to
follow the feeding schedule and time the animals bowl rate. It means  YOU
have to set the alarm clock to take the animal out (or on the paper, and
sit there till IT's done not until your patience runs out) BEFORE they
can't hold their bladder any longer (which is after all the true goal
we're after here at least). That means it's YOUR responsibility to take
them out regularly every 2-3 hours or so (and that means at nite when
you'd rather be sleeping too) when they're puppies. Basically it means YOU
have to get off your ass and quite asking the animal to do it for you. It
means when the animal come at 4am and asks to go out you get your lazy
butt out of bed and take them outside. Basically YOU need to be doing this
before you ever give the puppy to the new owner (which shouldn't happen
prior to 8 weeks anyway). YOU need to teach the new owner and if they show
ANY hesitency then don't give them the animal, they'll only abuse it.
Dogs are genetically wired for this training. When young pups prior to eye
opening use the bathroom the mother eats the crap and piss (hence pottie
training a dog prior to ~8 weeks is a waste of time for all concerned).
As they age she pays attention to their feeding cycle and physically takes
them out of the den when she knows it's pottie time. They connect 'go
outside den' with 'my bladder is uncomfortable'. When you first get your
pup expect piss and shit everywhere for the first week. Take the dog out
every two hours irrespective of badder/bowel movement. And don't react to
the bowel/bladder movement at all with respect to 'punishing' (what a
fucking power mad concept) the dog. Just clean it up. After that they'll
start putting 2 and 2 together on their own. It usually take from between
3 and 6 weeks for them to figure it out and be reliable [there are
exception, I have a wolf hybrid it took 6 months - wolves don't pottie
train well at all. I was prepared for it to never learn. Really it
doesn't care, another difference many miss. I have a domestic dog now who
doesn't care for fences or gates. I have to keep her behind a 6ft fence on
3/4 in aircraft cable] and I was prepared to keep cleaning it up and to
take it out every two hours irrespective. It has to do with a slightly
different territory sense between wolves and domesticated dogs.).
Sticking their nose in piss, yelling at them because they couldn't hold
their bladder (think of how you feel after a six hour car drive and no
rest stop) or whacking them with a rolled up newspaper (I dare you to
strike a wolf hybrid) ain't the way any more than sitting around on your
ass drinking beer and watching TV until the animal shits in the floor and
then you yell at it and drag it around pointing at newspaper (like a puppy
has any clue what paper is) is the way or it's supposed to read your mind.
(After all, if you're so smart how come you didn't recognize the pup was
in distress in the first place?)
Now this should not be interpreted to mean that no physical contact is
required. For example the best way to teach dogs not to rush the door is
to pin them in it. If a dog pushes you and you don't want then push it
away hard enough to put it on the ground (similar to a 'alpha roll', and
if you don't know what a 'alpha roll' is or how to use it you know nothing
about training dogs). If you teach them 'back up' and they don't you alpha
roll them on their back.
As to demanding respect from dogs, you don't do it with your voice. You do
it with your eyes (another sign of inexperience is this common mistake,
even a lot of 'professionals' make it). In addition you shouldn't play
'tug of war' with it and you should NEVER let a puppy/dog get on top of a
child or person, EVER!!!!!
There are some monks who raise German Shephards, they write some excellent
books. Anyone raising any sort of canine should read at least one of them.
With cats the usual failure is insufficient handling in the first 4 weeks
after birth (raised tradition, applehead, Siamese for nearly 20 years). If
this isn't done the animal will never be settled. In the case of cats that
don't receive any human contact in that first 4 weeks, they'll never be
domesticated. And yelling 'NO' at a cat is a fruiteless exercise in ego.
And Ferrets are a whole other ball of wax entirely. Yell at a cow or a
sheep and you're just as likely to be sitting on your ass with a broken
hip. Yell at or strike a horse and it'll shy from you till the day you
(And despite what a lot of 'trainers', really people who want to be well
know in the competitive ring, might say; never keep your dog crated.)
Bottem line, if an animal fails in its behavior it rests on one set of
shoulders and one set of shoulders only, the owner. It is NEVER the
animals fault.
Raising a pet isn't about what you the owner want, it's about what the
animal needs. It's about 'caring' not 'ownership' (which is one reason
among many PETA is a bunch of fucked up assholes). And anyone who buys a
pet after watching a movie, for a holiday present, or because they think
it would be 'cool' needs to review this point in a serious fashion.
Anyway, good luck with your pet. Over and out.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-20 09:08:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.521 (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 521  January 18, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, James
Riordon, and Ben Stein                         AT LAST! LIGHT BROUGHT TO A HALT.  For the first time,
physicists in two separate laboratories have effectively brought a
light pulse to a stop.  In the process, physicists have accomplished
another first: the non-destructive and reversible conversion of the
information carried by light into a coherent atomic form. Sending a
light pulse into specially prepared rubidium (Rb) vapor, a group at
the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics led by Ron
Walsworth (617-495-7274) and Mikhail Lukin (617-496-7611) has
(1) slowed the pulse's "group velocity" to zero and (2) stored its
information in the form of an atomic "spin wave," a collective
excitation in the Rb atoms.  (A spin wave can be visualized as a
collective pattern in the orientation of the atoms, which spin like
tops and hence act like tiny bar magnets. "Spin" is merely the name
for the tiny magnetic vector in each of the atoms.)  The atomic spin
wave is coherent and long-lived, which enables the researchers to
store the light pulse's information and then convert it back into a
light pulse with the same properties as the original pulse.  This new
accomplishment in a simple system increases the promise for
quantum communication, which may someday be used to connect
potentially ultrafast quantum computers in a large network
analogous to the Internet.
   Usually photons (the quanta of light) are absorbed by atoms,
destroying the information carried by the light.  With the present
method, in principle, no information in the light pulse is lost. Previous efforts to slow light (such as Hau et al., Nature, 18
February 1999) have reduced the signal speed to about 1 mph
(Update 472) by using a process called electromagnetically
induced transparency (EIT; see Updates 37, 344 and Stephen
Harris's article in Physics Today, July 1997). Walsworth, Lukin
and colleagues have gone the rest of the way to a zero light-pulse
speed by using a novel technique which was recently proposed
theoretically (Lukin, Yelin and Fleischhauer, Phys. Rev. Lett. 1
May 2000; Fleischhauer and Lukin, Phys. Rev. Lett. 29 May
    The light storage experiment begins with the Harvard-
Smithsonian scientists shining a "control" laser beam into a glass
cell filled with rubidium vapor (about 70-90 degrees Celsius),
which puts the atoms into a conventional EIT state in which they
cannot absorb light in the traditional sense.  The scientists then
send in a "signal" pulse of light which contains the information
they want to store.  As the pulse enters the rubidium cell its
propagation speed is reduced to about 2,000 mph.  Since the front
edge of the signal pulse enters the cell (and hence is decelerated)
first, the pulse experiences dramatic spatial compression: from
several kilometers in free-space to a few centimeters inside the
rubidium vapor.  The light in the vapor cell interacts with the
atoms (see figure at changing the atoms' spin states coherently and creating a joint
atom-photon system known as a polariton.  (For a nice descriptions
of polaritons see Phys Rev Focus, 26 April 2000:
    The light-atom interaction causes the polaritons to act as if they
have an effective mass; so one way to understand the signal pulse's
reduced speed is that the mixture with atoms, in the form of a
polariton, effectively weighs down the otherwise massless photons.
Next, the Harvard-Smithsonian scientists stop the signal pulse of
light by gradually turning off the control beam, which causes more
atoms to be mixed with fewer photons, thereby increasing the
polariton mass and further reducing the signal pulse's speed.  When
the control beam is completely off the polariton is purely atomic,
the light pulse is effectively halted, and no signal pulse emerges
from the glass cell during the storage period.
    At this point there are no photons remaining in the cell.  The
light does not go into warming of the atoms, as is the usual case.  Instead the photons are expended in the creation of the atomic spin
wave.  Thus, the information that the light pulse carried (all that
one can know about the photons) is stored in the atomic spin wave,
waiting to be released as a light pulse that is in principle identical
to the incident pulse.    An alternative way to understand the slowing of light is to think
of the signal pulse as a wave made of many different components,
each with a different frequency.  The Rb atoms bend or "refract"
the individual components of the light by different amounts
depending on each component's frequency.  The vapor cell's
frequency-dependent index of refraction causes the component
waves to add together in such a way that the group velocity, the
velocity of the composite pulse, slows appreciably.  The dimming
of the control beam makes the vapor's index of refraction more
sharply dependent on frequency, and this serves to reduce the
group velocity further.  The dimming causes the atoms to become
transparent to a narrower range of frequencies.  But
simultaneously, the light wave (or more precisely, the combination
of light wave and atomic spin wave) is continually slowing down,
maintaining its shape but narrowing its range of component
frequencies so that the atoms are still unable to absorb it.  After a
relatively long delay the control beam can be turned back on,
reverting the polariton to being a light wave by coaxing the atoms
to emit the exact signal light pulse that entered the medium.
    In brief: (1) the length of a light pulse is compressed from
kilometers to centimeters in a properly-prepared rubidium vapor;
(2) the information carried by the light pulse is then imprinted
upon the ensemble of rubidium atoms in the form of long-lived
spin waves; and (3) the light pulse can later be read out on demand. This new light storage method is robust because information is
maintained in collective atomic spin states, which are much less
sensitive to dissipation, losses, and quantum-computer-crashing
decoherence effects than are excited electronic states in atoms.
   Scientists believe that the light storage method is quite general
and that the simplicity of its implementation is a big advantage. They even speculate that the technique may be utilized in certain
solid-state materials.  The Harvard-Smithsonian demonstration
experiment is exciting news for scientists worried about preserving
the coherence of quantum information transfer.  With further work,
this technique should allow for the storage and transmission of
photon quantum states useful for quantum communication and
computation.  (Phillips et al., Physical Review Letters, 29 January
    Walsworth and Lukin say that a very similar result has been
recently obtained by  Lene Hau's group (Harvard/Rowland Institute
of Science) in an ultra-cold atomic gas.  In addition, an upcoming
theory paper (Kocharavskaya et al., Phys Rev. Lett., 22 January)
discusses a novel technique for making a light beam not only stop
in its tracks but reverse its direction; this effect could be useful for
non-linear optics applications.

@_date: 2001-01-20 11:52:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Heise News-Ticker: Windows aus zweiter Hand bei Waibel (In German, about selling old Win licenses to 3rd parties) 
There's a link over on /. where they direct you to translation services.

@_date: 2001-01-20 14:01:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
Yes, it is worthwhile. Good luck finding anything that is remotely
Start with 'Applied Cryptography'. There are some other books listed at,
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-20 18:17:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
I see the utility in fiction to tell us what is most likely not to happen.
'defining good and bad'? Not possible, there are no absolute standards by
which to judge. I also think it is important that there be specific
identification and discussion on issues which aren't ameniable to
'technical means'.
There was a problem posed on the list in it's early years. I don't
remember it exactly and I'm not motivated to search, but I'll try to do it
Assume for a moment that you are a peasant in some country, say N. Korea.
There's no food, little work, nearly non-existant medicine, no free
speech/press, no right to try at the individual level to try to change
things (the hallmark of any enlightened society I suspect). The US flies a
plane over and drops everyone some sort of PDA widget. Now, assume in
addition your child is sick and you believe she may die. How do you use
the device to save her life?
Not a lot, some about viruses and such. There's not a lot of glammer in
Ugh. The thought of a community that is so paranoid it exist through
ubiquitous crypto is a bit self-contradictory I think. Who would you trust
to make the technology? How would anyone have the time to make the horde
of technologies this sort of society requires? This aspect is one reason I
believe that the only way that the human race can survive is to get off
this mudball ASAP. To that end requires a ubiquitous technology of similar
scale and scope as that required for your hypothesis. I also believe that
this paranoia will eventually lead (rightly so I might add) society to
break into 'families' or 'arcologies'. You want have a job so much as
you'll be a member in a large family business. One of the major current
issues which I strongly believe is being completely overlooked is the
impact of the coming life extension/cloning technology will mean to
individual lifetimes. I contend that anyone is alive in 2020 will live to
be at least 150 years old. I'll further predict that within that 150 years
it will be further extended. The impact on human society of this will be
like nothing this species has faced before. It's at most 500 years away.
The society which comes out of this will also be like nothing that has
ever existed before. It will represent a true revolution in society.
Anarchist, Socialist, Democratist, Crypt-anarchist, whatever 'ist is your
favorite are all passe, dead as the Dodo. They just don't know it yet.
Technology will support the very first truely consensual society. I do
believe that 'privacy' will not exist as we understand it today. Economies
based on competition (ideal or real-world) will not exist either.
Economies of scale will swallow them up and spit out their bleached bones.
This means that in as little as a thousand years 'business' as we see them
today will cease to exist.
There is an alternative, inbreeding.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-21 08:27:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cryptographic Tourism 
My suggestion is be very(!) careful (or skip it entirely, the crypto
search not Russia). I don't know of any crypto museums in Moscow (can't say for St Petersburg). Those folks are pretty scarry when it comes to
security and such. You are aware that private possession/use of crypto in
Russia is illegal? Also, you can't just get up and wander around the
countryside either.
I'd ask a favor, in your wandering around if you run across any russki WWII tactical (board) wargames please consider bringing a copy back for
me. I'd go as high as $100 US.
Da svidanya moi droog.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-21 11:36:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
I'd say it's primarily about entertainment. Even if it's an intentional
social/technical commentary. There is also the point to be made that
society is effected more by those things which were unexpected (I don't
know if 'revolution' is the correct word here???) than evolutionary. The
change of electricity, the printing press, etc.
For some potential non-fictional ways to cast the problem:
The New Renaissance: Computers and the next level of civilization
D.S. Robertson
ISBN 0-19-512189-9
Technologies of knowing: A proposal for the human sciences
J. Willinsky
ISBN 0-8070-6106-9
Code and other laws of cyberspace
L. Lessig
ISBN 0-465-03912-x
But 'self-referential' is by no means equivalent to 'absolute'. As to your
last statement, I see we agree. The concept of 'good and bad' and any
consequent 'definitions' are a function of 'people'. It IS a relative
issue and therefore open to debate. This is a clear indicator that this
particular issue is not axiomatic. It is clearly an affect, no more.
I've always considered 'communitarian' to be a branch of (wait for it),
socialism. It requires consistency of behaviour, down to the level of
trying to micro-manage individuals individual thoughts. Trying to reach
that utopian ESS of the human soul I suppose.
In defence of my criticism of ESS's applied to biology I offer (being a
dutiful Gaian Pantheist),
Slanted Truths: Essays on Gaia, Symbiosis, and Evolution
L. Margulis, D. Sagan (yes that Sagan, which should id that Margulis :)
ISBN 0-387-94927-5
The cosmos is certainly neutral. But since 'technology' exists only within
the context of a human society (ie humans build technology) trying to cast
that as 'neutral' (eg government funding & corporate research) is either
naive enthusiasm for reductionism or else intentional misdirection. I've
alwasy rankled at the concept that 'technical' and 'social' are not sides
of the same n-sided die called human psychology. Reductionism has its
place, it is not however, everyplace.
 A lot of good questions I have no intention of answering :). Make
up your own set of rules, play them against each other...
If you find something interesting, share please.
There is a certain level of paranoia (recognition of a real threat
certainly qualifies as paranoia in my book) required to even conjure up
the concept of security and crypto as an instance...
Actually I susepect that society will advance to impliment crypto in the
background. It will be used to enforce the bounds of each indviduals
social boundaries. Yes, it does embody 'web-of-trust' but not as the only
or primary mechanism for society as a whole.
This again, is the reason I believe that the Open Source movement within
the context of Lessig's book has an opportunity to build a much more
humane and reasonable society. I also believe the odds are very low it
will come to pass. Human sollipsism.
It'll work. But there are other factors which will be concommitent.
Consider the extension of the average human lifespan on insurance,
investment, business, etc. There are other factors at work which will
impact the society and the economy in a equally strong (potentialy much
stronger perhaps) but 'negative' way, and I don't mean bad, I mean in
opposite sign to way. These technologies are going to cause a period of
inflation, and that will cause various social and political changes, that
will be like nothing we've ever seen. This should limit the 'theoretical'
maximum change of technology over some reference (and arbitrary) period.
Once a new equilibrium is reached then there should be a rapid expansion
until the next 'big thing'. In our case the chance is there that we might
get to see it first person. It'd be like being alive when Guttenberg first
printed his book and surviving until today. What will be the effect on
'family' when 20 generations are alive and communicating at one time?
(coincidentally, there's a web-of-trust).
I'm trying to get a Plan 9 network up and running to do just that now for Plan 9 users here in Austin. Offer a 'virtual community' workspace that
users can map into their personal namespace (ooh, another web-of-trust ;).
In support I offer,
Small Worlds: The dynamics of networks between order and randomness
D.J. Watts
ISBN 0-691-00541-9
Multi-agent Systems: An introduction to distributed AI
J. Ferber
ISBN 0-201-36048-9
If you're interested in using a OS that embodies a lot of the basic
requirements for distributed communities, distributed processing,
distributed file spaces, low level network encryption, distributed
anonymous remailers, distributed data havens, communal workspaces, etc. then check out Plan 9.
I also have a mailing list that is available,
Hangar 18
I believe the point would be that society would progress beyond the need
for such things. What this will engender will be a return to 'family' or
'zaibatsu' centered human societies. Economies based on competition won't
exist because each community will share the resources as required. It will
be a large barter commune. The interfaces between these 'arcologies' will
be very well defended and about the only place 'trade' will take place and
that will be through information exchange not the actual exchange of
goods. Why? Because each arcology will be self-suffient within the domain
of its ownings.
Remember you've got 20 generations alive at the same time. 'Family' is set
to return with a vengeance.
My guess is we've got a space of about 200 years to get off this mudball
and get out there. If we don't we'll drown in our own waste. The end
result will be that humans won't live on planets per se. And that's got
maybe 500 to a 1000 years to happen or else the proto-society will run out
of gas. The only real hope/good there is that pockets of humans will be
scattered about. That raises the odds of the phoenix arising.
But you're talking about developing a society, not a group of friends that
numbers in a few hundred...
I don't buy it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-21 13:23:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A change of focus... 
Hangar 18 is a mailing list intended for Austin users of Plan 9.
I'm thinking of doing away with any sort of physical meet and also losing
the 'Austin' focus of Hangar 18. What I had in mind had several facets.
-	Institute 'virtual' meetings. At first this would be
-	A shared file space, the basis of a community.
-	A shared process space, the basis of distributed community
- Other aspects and uses of Plan 9 in a 'real world' environment.
- I'd be interested in getting others to purchase 900MHz equipment
  in order to setup 'neighborhood' (hopefully city-wide) a 9600
  rf packet network (in the Austin area to start).
I'd be interested in hearing about some of your hopes for Plan 9. I'd also
like to ask you to pass this to anyone who might be interested. Plan 9 is
not necessarily a requirement.
More info (to join mailing list, haven't updated webpage on this yet),
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-22 18:42:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Kneel!  A SUDS J20 Roundup (fwd) 
"NYC DAN" ; "Reclaim Streets"
Sent: Monday, January 22, 2001 4:56 PM

@_date: 2001-01-22 22:14:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: another math/crypto sci-fi movie 
The Cube
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-23 07:22:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Some other less serious math/crypto sci-fi 
Wimp! Matt Helm rules! (Flint's out on DVD now, I love his alarm clock
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-23 07:27:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Some other math/crypto sci-fi 
I just knew somebody was going to bring Wilson's trilogy up. I think
there are actually four books (a conspiracy by the Gnomes of Zurich I
bet), I've seen the first three bound together in pbk.
I found it tedious and much less than funny. To each their own. I did like
the card game that Steve Jackson Games did for it. It's still available
(do we have a new category, crypto/math games?).
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-23 15:53:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Some other math/crypto sci-fi 
"Magic, the math edition!"...(somebody walking on grave)
That reminds me of a game called 'Equations' (I think) that I used to play
when I was in Jr. High and early High School. I've still got a copy but
can't put my hands on it for specifics...if I find it I'll pass info
along...but each player created 'equations' and played them off each other
like Scrabble. The game was challenging because the 'symbols' had to be
taken from a pile each player drew from, and equations had to be correct.
It covered basic algebra but calculus or number theory and such wouldn't
be that much more difficult to add. Though you'd need a larger symbol
pile/pull that might need some massaging.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-25 20:13:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: questions (fwd) 
Anybody wanna roast a spammer?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I ran across your site while searching for some type of "bulk-friendly isp"--I am not exactly sure what you have to offer or if you can help us at all.  What we're looking for is a 56k connection, port 25 enabled, that will allow us to send email out--without getting shut down.
I also left a message on your voicemail.  Any help would be appreciated.
Thank you,

@_date: 2001-01-26 07:35:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
Actually punk rock came from Germany, look up Klaus Nomi and Nina Hagen,
and Canada, P. Orridge and Throbbing Gristle. Klaus is also the first
'famous' person to die from AIDS. Then it moved to NY & Cali. (The Germs
fuckin' rule!). It didn't get to Britian until it had already been
established a couple of years.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-26 15:26:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
And Heroin. Yes, British music in general has a different 'timbre' to it.
Come on baby tell me, should I stay or should I go?
Anarchy in the UK!, if don't mind the puke in the pocket...
You should listen to Social D's last live album. There's a comment in
there about the Whiskey's parking lot and pussie piercings that's
hilarious. Describes my experience in S. Texas in Houston to a T.
So, you're the one who stole my Orgone Accumulator? You know they started
out as a front band for a sci-fi writer?
I don't listen to the old stuff as much as the new stuff, Mindless Self
Indulgence, DRI, CoC, Butthole Surfers (from here in Austin!), The
Exploited (speaking of England), The Union Underground (though this is
very industrial), or Mephisto Odyssey (ditto), Surf Punks, Sex Gang
Children, Fugazi, Newlydeads, Napalm Death, The Cramps, Bush Tetra's, or
GWAR for example. I also like Cirith Ungol but they're more head-banging.
Though I still do have all those albums and break 'em out at parties. I
find a lot of the under 25's have never heard this stuff (though they've
heard of it).
My fucking favorite punk band bar none is, Plastmatics. Wendy O. takes no prisoners (and clearly won't become one). May 'Rauls' rest in peace'.
Americans are pack-rat's.
As to The Boss and southern rock bands of any sort, I'll keep my peace. :)
Tres Hombres.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-26 15:46:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: numbers stations  
When distributed file/process space becomes the norm there will be a
variety of applications for numbers stations and nonce servers.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-27 08:07:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury 
How the wind changes...
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-27 09:55:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury 
The point of keeping communications public was mine long before you jumped
on the bandwagon John. Until now you've always held the position it was
'your own private stuff' is just as open to subpoena. Simple private
contact could potentially be enough to incriminate, and that doesn't have
to be from your initiation either.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-29 21:05:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
In Michaels own words...
(or go to google using 'hawkwind michael moorcock' and take 2nd link)
The only book of his I ever read was the Hawkwind one. It was ok if you
were stoned enough :)
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-01-30 09:31:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: APM: Crypt::RC4 module (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I've progressed, but aren't understanding something. I tested the 4-line
perl implementation of RC4 algorighm and it was an asymetric cypher (give
it encrypt key and value n and in encrypts, give it decrypt key and n and
it decrypts). Yet the Crypt::RC4 only takes a passphrase, which I gave it
the encrypt key and it decrypts with the encrypt key also.
Does anyone know how to give it the encrypt key and n to encrypt so that
the decrypt key and n works properly? The man page and perldocs for this
module are lacking in that information, I understand the algorithm, but not
how to combine the keyparts to make it work. The one example I found on the
net obviously read the docs and didn't run it, since they used just the
encrypt and decrypt keys, which doesn't work.
David H. Bluestein II                         President & Lead Developer
dbii at mudpuddle.com                         ii, inc.
-        Specializing in Designing Interactive Websites        -
-              and Searchable Internet Databases                   -

@_date: 2001-01-30 09:32:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Leader of anti-Semitic church walks out of his kidnapping trial - January 30, 2001 
Now what I'd like to know is why the lawyers aren't screaming 1st
amendment speech violations...
This pastor or whatever has a right to have his say in court and the court
has a directive to prevent inteference thereof, this should prevent them
as well but it doesn't.
So much for 'equality under the law'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-01 08:21:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Prying Eyes of Tampa Police 
I think they're trying to make Reno feel at home and let her know she's got
lots of support for the governorship...

@_date: 2001-07-01 10:15:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Prying Eyes 
Look under 'Projects' and then 'Blimp History'.
There is at least one company that sells RC Blimps, unfortunately I can't
lay my hands on a link...:(
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-01 10:56:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Key length and stopping time 
Q: If it becomes possible, as some recent physics research indicates, that
   in some situations time can be stopped or eliminated what would the
   implication be with regard to estimating the time to resolve key
   lengths be? In other words if it becomes possible to have dynamic
   physical systems which operate at least in some sort of phase space
   with no time axis what does 'life of the universe' really mean?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-01 11:26:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Filtering 'spammers', one line comments, and Tim May 
You reap what you sow.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-01 11:51:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge Identity Proofs (fwd) 
Well, I can't be sure that I'm not misunderstanding something either.  For
the most part, I agree with Dimitrios that challenges with proof of origin
are part of the solution to Mafia Fraud attacks.  My main point is that I
don't think simply signing the challenge is enough.
Let me try to restate things symbolically.  Nominally, in the naive case,
Dave would present Alice with a challenge, X, and Alice would transform &
return the challenge: X'.  This, as we know, is vulnerable to the Mafia
What I believe Dimitrios is proposing is for Dave to present both the
challenge and a signature on the challenge: {X, S_dave(X)}.  Then, Alice
would verify that the signature corresponds to the person she thinks she's
talking to, and if so she can return the transformed challenge X'.
I'm essentially contending that Dave needs to verify that Alice did indeed
see the challenge & signature he presented.  Consider Mafia Fraud against the
above scenario.  Dave presents {X, S_dave(X)} to Carol, who forwards it to
Bob.  Now, Bob can re-sign the challenge himself, and present {X, S_bob(X)}
to Alice.  Alice will happily verify that the challenge comes from Bob, and
return X' to Bob, who then passes it to Carol & then on to Dave.   The fraud
is successful, because Dave can't tell that Alice saw Bob's signature on the
challenge and not his own.
So the X' that Alice computes must be a function f(X, S_dave(X)) on both the
challenge and the signature.  (If, in the naive case, X'=S_alice(X), then to
truly prevent the fraud we need X'=S_alice(X,S_dave(X)).)  Now the fraud
fails because Alice would compute X'=f(X, S_bob(X)), and so Dave (not Alice)
would detect the fraud.
So it's not enough for Dave to simply sign the challenge & for Alice to
verify that signature.  Alice must prove to Dave that she saw his signature
and not somebody else's.
BTW, without giving it any thought, I believe this scheme is safe against
replay attacks (because Dave generates a new challenge every time).  Does
anybody have any thoughts about that?

@_date: 2001-07-10 18:02:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Crypto hardware (fwd) 
Please reply to Mr. Crispin.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
A couple of years ago at the RSA conference one of the vendors was exhibiting a tamperproof that would keep a secret key and perform encryptions/signatures using the key.  Since the key never left the box, in theory security reduced to physical security around the box.  The intended use of the box was as a master for a CA.  I thought the vendor was GTE, but I didn't find anything definitive on their site.
Does this description trigger any recollection?  Are there similar devices on the market from other sources?

@_date: 2001-07-10 19:57:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Meatspace,  
Um, you should review the 60's groups like the SDS and such. And while
Ghandi certainly didn't believe in violence the same can't be said for the
rest of the Indian freedom movement (not all hailed to Ghandi). As to
women sufferage, you need to do some more research there as well, not all
women are pascifist. they burned more than bra's...
You paint with too broad a brush (typical of the indoctrinating education
of the day - going all the way back to when I was a kid in the 60's).
Every ilk assassinates every other ilk if given the oportunity and the
The Indians are a free country. You and blacks can vote.
The reality is, your example of the 'troops in the street willing to gun
'em down' (a paraphrase) is apt. The only thing stopping them is knowing
that the majority of people don't believe it. They still believe in the
'kindly policeman who's there to help you' of their youth. Want to see the
other side? Kent State.
One case does not a generalization make.
Yeah, you need to study history more.
No shit? That is true of everything!!!!
You're trying to sit on the fence and at the same time stand on both
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-10 19:58:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
I've thought this one out as well.
Seems to me the only answer is to keep moving, don't settle in any one
country (or store your possessions in any one jurisdiction) for a lengthy
stay. A couple of years max.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-10 23:55:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
Bull. But to specifics...
Is the point to live your life or piss people off with impunity? If it's
the latter then there is no hope for you because wherever you go you're
going to piss the 'man' off. Trying to cover this up (a social pathology) with some lame ass excuse that you're just trying to get by won't cut the
mustard. That's not indivuality, nor is it social responsibility. It's
just plain mean and self-absorbed.
However, if you're goal is to do what you want to do and not piss people
off then moving around every couple of years is a viable strategy. By the
time anyone figures out what it is you're doing, and get's pissed off
you're already gone. In addition, if you're smart anonymity will prevent
any 1-1 association (rather cypherpunkish) simply because you won't go
around bragging about what a bad ass you are.
Somehow I don't think 'cypherpunk' equals 'egotist' or 'rampant self
Maybe, but then again we'll never know since Phil did it in the US and
chose to live here. What happened to him actually is a good example of how
not to do something like that.
He'd been better served writing the software here but releasing it
anonymously over-seas. He made a tactical error in that he not only wanted
to help people but wanted credit for it also.
Greed will get you killed.
You're lack of imagination is in no way a boundary condition on mine.
This omnipotent and omnipresent 'they' you speak of simply doesn't exist
in the context you claim. If I were to live in England for a couple of
years writing some nifty anonymity code, or perhaps in some less 'legaly
diligant' clime for some more 'invasive' goal then it would only make
sense to execute in a different place. Anonymity is likely to be much
easier to manage in such an environment as well.
If you do attract their attention you've already failed.
Bell's case is not an acceptable example for a variety of reasons.
They're inherently frightened, it's only a question of what now...
He should have released PGP anonymously. It would not have been a
difficult proposition.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-12 15:31:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
So, the Seattle crowd was better armed than the Swedish crowd?
It makes a nice theory, when do you present your argument behind it?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-12 16:09:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation (GPS convicts) 
[Long sorry tale deleted]
Start your own company doing some sort of consulting/IT/technical support for small to medium sized businesses. One aspect I've found very succesful
is to do 'on site' and not have an 'office' per se. Unless you live in BFE you
should be able to bring in enough cash through that to keep the table and
lights working.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-14 22:15:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
There's not mine.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-18 19:13:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: TIME.com: Nation -- Supreme Court: Relax. The Heat is Off 
^^                         ^^^^^^^^
Then why do you use the word 'in'...  --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-19 07:10:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Plan Columbia Broadens (Plan Andean)... (fwd) 
res ipsa loquitor...
<<   But what did come as a shock was the discovery of language in the bill
(apparently inserted late in the game by Foreign Operations subcommittee
chairman Jim Kolbe) that not only gives the Bush Administration authority to
send as many private military specialists as it wants to Colombia, but to send
them in as heavily armed as they want--and with broad rules of engagement...>>
<< Entitled "Colombian Labryinth," the RAND report asserts that "drugs and
insurgency are intertwined in complicated and changing ways but the former
cannot be addressed without the latter," and concludes US-backed efforts to
reduce the drug supply in Colombia have been ineffective, The reason, RAND says,
is because the US has focused more on "counternarcotics" assistance (aid to
anti-drug police and special military anti-drug units) rather than
"counterinsurgency" (aid to Colombian military in its war with the left-wing
FARC and ELN).
  While a number of investigative journalists and watchdog groups have
demonstrated US aid and assistance has already crossed the line from
counternarcotics to counterinsurgency, RAND recommends that the US once and for
all dispense with the dubious notion that there's any difference between the
two, and lays out an expansive proposal for increasing US military aid and
assistance to Colombian government in its fight against leftist rebels. But use
of US troops is something even the Bush Administration is leery of: at his
confirmation hearing earlier this year, Peter Rodman, Bush's nominee to be
Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs, told senators
that " None of us wants to get into a war. The word 'counterinsurgency' scares
the hell out of everybody." >>
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-20 16:54:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
One of the points that Tim is missing is that these demonstraters are only
protecting their property, in their view.
As usual, Tim confuses 'God $ Fascist' with 'Anarchist'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-20 16:56:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
Just as much as these protesters object to having their cultures and
planet raped and pillaged for the God $ Fascist good (and not their own).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-20 16:57:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
Just another example of why the C-A-C-L contingent doesn't have a clue, no
concept of 'citizen' and 'responsibility' (outside of personal wealth).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-20 17:51:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
Perhaps, this is a clear demonstration of your own lack however.
It's interesting (and something I've commented on before, check the
archives :) that the 'leaders' of the C-A-C-L viewpoint are always ready
to bitch about how 'terrible' the government is and how it degrades their
profits. And then when somebody actually gets up and acts on it they're
the first ones to bail. The real reason they're not sensitive to these
particular 'anarchist' is that they aren't motivated by the alure of
money. They aspire to a higher calling than crass commercialism or
puritanical ego fulfillment. I've said it before, I'll say it again.
The majority of the C-A-C-L contingent, in particular their 'leaders', are
a bunch of money hungry hypocrites. God $ Fascism. Just more of the same.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-20 20:29:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists  
Even when they're unconstitutional I bet...
Some American.
Which is worthless without the explicit and well advertised threat of
violence. See G8 demonstrations today for a explicit example.
See G8 today.
Don't the people demonstrating have a right to defend their lives and
properoty? Their claim is it is being abused and destroyed. Where is
their spokesperson at the G8? Where is there forum?
Freedom for me, not for thee...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-20 20:43:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists (fwd) 
I assume from the tone that Msr. Sandfort meant to send it to the list...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Inchoate sputtered:
Oh boy!  If Jim REALLY believes this crap (where does he get this stuff?), I
have some great seaside property in Florida, I think he should invest in.
"Save the whales."  (We'll eat them later.)
 S a n d y

@_date: 2001-07-20 20:55:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Fw: [free-sklyarov] bay area sign-making party on Sunday (fwd) 
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Friday, July 20, 2001 8:36 PM

@_date: 2001-07-20 21:18:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
Yes, property they have an interest in. An interest that is not measurable
in economic metrics.
Who didn't believe in property? Which group didn't believe in property. As
a journalist who is supposedly well versed in this area it's surprising
that you would try to attempt to show the many groups involved as having a
single agenda or theme, when you know that isn't so.
Some don't believe in a world government. Some don't believe in
trans-national economics becoming the primary force in government. Some
object to a combining of the two. Some object to the crass commercialism
that has ravaged Afria with AIDS. Some object to the belief that pledging
a $1B to 'fight AIDS' isn't sufficient when what is needed and what is
required (though they don't want to do it) is to 'end AIDS', without
turning the people into chatels of the state in some eco-socialist wet
No, there are many views and you're trying to lump them all into one
category is nothing more than evidence to the strength (really complete
lack thereof) of your case.
Provided they're given the opportunity to even make that choice. This is
another of the bitches.
One does not claim to own a culture (demonstrating your lack thereof), one
IS a culture. To have a culture destroyed, especially for nothing more
than profit, is rape.
It's not just 'commie', again your single mindset reveals your shallow
The lack of 'control' is exactly why they're so upset. Why they're so
worried. It's exactly why they don't want it to get larger. It's why they
don't want people to know what's going on. These are the same people, who
when they want to search your home, who ask "what have you got to hide?"
What have they got to hide?
You have a shallow sense of ownership if you believe it must be 1-to-1.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-20 22:39:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rallies on Monday 
An unconstitutional law. A law which limits freedom in a country which is
ultimately governed by "Congress shall make no law..."
If you can't catch that clue, there is no hope.
It isn't 'my time' in the above situation, I've gotta go ask my master
before I can answer your question. It is however a nicely gilded cage.
No accounting for taste.
If you got proof, run with it...nobody else seems to have any proof.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-21 09:07:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
Actually they do share some of the blame. They are swore oaths to support
the constitution and the ideals of the this country. Which in many cases
is clearly not the intent or result of their actions. They are actively
looking for methods to circumvent current laws that put a bridle on their
activity. LEA's don's say "OK, we have a 4th so we have to have probable
cause first", it's like "OK, we have a 4th. We need to find a way around
In many cases it is the LEA's themselves which ask for these laws or a law
that gives them the latitutude to get around other restraints. And LEA's are a part of the 'executive branch'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-21 09:11:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: excuse me, you're on my planet 
It's part 'your' planet as well. Ok, poor wording. How about 'their share
of the planet'.
Your 'chuckle' is really nothing more than the result of believing that
'ownership' is 1-to-1.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-21 19:18:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: DMCA Protest on the Capitol steps, AUSTIN, Texas, MONDAY, 11am-12:30pm (fwd) 
Reply-To: austin-cpunks at ssz.com
"DMCA Protest on the Capitol steps, AUSTIN, Texas, MONDAY, 11am-12:30pm"
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Dkr. Armand Geddyn Michael Badnarik 2002 Libertarian Campaign
LAS VEGAS - On July 16, the American FBI arrested Russian citizen and PhD
candidate Dmitry Sklyarov, after his presentation on encryption techniques
and standards of Adobe's popular "eBook" format.
Sklyarov is the first programmer to be arrested under the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), and is currently being held in a Las
Vegas prison, awaiting extradition to California to face charges filed by
Adobe. He has reportedly been denied contact with his employer, peers, or
family. Sklyarov is, in short, a political prisoner as a result of the
U.S.'s draconian copyright and intellectual property laws.
What is the DMCA?
Public Law No. 105-304 was signed into law by Congress October 28, 1998,
and is often referred to as "the DMCA" or "the WIPO." In short, it is a
fundamentally flawed and grossly unconstitutional act which, in part, makes
it a federal crime to conduct and present otherwise legitimate
cryptographic research.
What does this mean?
Imagine a toy secret decoder ring. Someone explains to you how to decode a
secret message using that secret decoder ring. That person can be arrested
for "trafficking in a product designed to circumvent copyright protection
measures," if Adobe uses this simple encryption to "protect" its eBook
content (which it does -- Adobe specifies ROT13 as part of its encryption
standard). This is exactly what happened to Dmitry Sklyarov, when he
explained a method for decrypting eBooks for legitimate, personal use.
Another example is if Congress had passed a law banning the possession or
sale of paper clips, hair pins and wire clothes hangers, because such
insidious technologies could be used to pick locks, escape from
handcuffs, or steal cars. In fact, they may as well have passed a law
making it illegal to simply TALK about picking locks with hair pins.
What can you do?
Join Libertarian candidate Michael Badnarik ( the
Ministry of Truth, and the Austin Cypherpunks on MONDAY, July 23, at the
Capitol steps to show your support for Dmitry Sklyarov's plight and your
opposition to the grossly unconstitutional DMCA. We expect there to be TV
news representatives on the scene, so please be prepared to explain the
effects of the DMCA concisely and succinctly.
Where can I learn more?
Read up on the DMCA Legislative History, at:
Read the Department of Justice's press release:
Read the Slashdot and Pigdog Journal reports, at:
Michael Badnarik is expected to speak on this and other Libertarian issues
on Austin's KLBJ 590 AM radio, Saturday, July 21, between 9 and 10pm.

@_date: 2001-07-21 19:22:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: G8, issues, and familiarity 
That's a pretty simplistic view:
If they don't know then it's their fault for not being educated.
If they claim they do know then it must be platitudes and propoganda.
Analysis is rhetoric, just better organized.
Lies, damn lies, statistics.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-22 08:58:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Meatspace,  
Really? Who? If you're refering to either Bell or CJ, in both cases the
individual acted in a premeditated and intentional manner in order to
provoke a responce.
When you yank on a dogs chain, and the dog bites you. It isn't the dogs
But this isn't going to make much impact on somebody that thinks they're
somehow above answering to others for their actions. Another example of
how the C-A-C-L "I got a right to...." (eg kill people) is full of shit
for the simple reason they forget the "...until it interferes with
anothers expression of their rights".
'bad' to who? It certainly wasn't bad to them. Hitler thought he was doing
a 'good' thing 'in the big picture'.
More of that 'ends justifies the means' crap that seems so popular in
C-A-C-L philosophy.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-22 09:01:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Meatspace 
What a simplistic and self serving viewpoint.
"What I do is ok because I'm a good person, what they do is bad because
 they're bad people."
More angels among men crap.
Got a newsflash bubba, people(!) do both good and bad things. There is no
such thing as a 'good' or a bad 'person' per se. Just self-serving
bigotry and self-justification, and nobody escapes either.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-22 09:37:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
They always were. The 'commercial' distinction about 'press' is a false
and unconstitutional distinction.
The Constitution speaks of 'the press', not as a bunch of fame and profit
seeking opportunists, but as a free and available mechanism for
individuals to discuss their views and desires (this mailing list is a
perfect example as is a private mailbox. What todays modern press does is
a bastardization of intent and a whoring for fame and profit; as opposed
to fostering real discussion and change in our society.
Some Jefferson quotes to demonstrate the distinction:
No government ought to be without censors; and when the press is free, no
one ever will. Nature has given to man no other means of sifting out the
truth either in religion, law or politics. I think it as honorable to the
government neither to know or notice its sycophants or censors as it would
be undignified and criminal to pamper the former and persecute the latter.
At a very early period in my life I determined never to put a sentence
into any newspaper. I have religiously adhered to the resolution through
my life and have great reason to be contented with it. Were I to undertake
to answer the calumnies of the newspapers it would be more than all my
time and twenty aids could effect. For, while I should be answering one,
twenty new ones would be invented. I have thought it better to trust to
the justice of my countrymen that they would judge me by what they see of
my conduct on the stage they have placed me.
You lump the majority into a fraction. A prime example of the self-serving
dellusion of cash and fame on the truth.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-22 09:48:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on Monday 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-22 09:58:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Family remembers G8 protester - July 21, 2001 
That has yet to be proven. Simply tumping a vehicle over is not in and of
itself 'intent to do physical harm'. You assume, without evidence, that
the protestors even knew the van was occupied. Further, you assume that
the protestor shot was actually involved. Further, you assume that the
store the police stated is accurate.
A lot of assumptions for somebody who is supposed to be unbiased as a
(Of course we know you're neither)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-22 10:01:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
The problem is that no 'beneficiary' is required, only 'intent'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-22 10:03:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail 
Exactly, and democracy is as unpopular as always for those who believe
they should somehow 'lead' others 'less able'.
"I am not one who fears the people."
                Thomas Jefferson
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-22 10:07:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists,  
Paradoxes arise, usually, because the relationship is being viewed in the
wrong context.
Read the first two para's of the DoI for one solution to the 'paradox'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-25 20:59:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Salon: The real enemies of the poor 
^^^^^^^
I agree, I did say 'amusing'...
I'm not one of those 'you people'. Arguments from authority are of no
worth. Past performance is not a reliable metric for future performance.
The ends never justify the means, each step must self-justify.
Actually both. The 1870 law which created the modern monster of a
'corporation' should be thrown out. Corporations, and other business
organizations, should be able to sell to their like type across the
relevant 'big pond'. A corporation should not be able to exist in two
different countries as a single organization.
So what solution(s) have you thought of? Quid pro Quo...
Business is an expression of individual rights. Business should not be
able to contribute in any way to the democratic process (there is a reason
that business/commerce is mentioned the way it is in the Constitution...
An observation that is sure to piss some C-A-C-L's off, but the reality is
that in 'free market' economics ala Hayek or Von Mises the potential for
'Bill Gates' wealth is nil. A 'free market' system isn't about getting
filthy rich. It's about participating in a 'community'.
Bottom line, the world is the way it is because people make it that way.
It is not an inviolate law of nature (or if you accept that then some
other precepts become questionable; free will, rational, responsible,
pre-meditation, etc. ).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-26 07:14:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Salon: The real enemies of the poor 
Prohibiting direct business interaction with government isn't the same as
getting rid of government. And no, getting rid of government isn't
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-26 07:19:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Weird message from someone named "NIPC" 
4. It's another one of those 'hahaha' virus trolls that has been going on
   for a while now.
And you guys are the 'techno-elite'....
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-26 22:49:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: Criminalizing crypto criticism (fwd) 
A strange thought,
With these great new laws, there is no longer any risk of being legally
criticised for using even the most glaringly flawed cryptography -- just use it
for Copy Protection, and TADA!  Negative criticism magically disappears.
Almost by definition.
Flaws can only be exposed by those who won't show their work,
or from anonymous sources, who nobody will trust without confirmation
from named reputable sources, or from those who risk going to jail,
who all must surely be disreputable crackpots.
So, I suppose we should be happy that we've removed those nasty costs
associated with developing, marketing, and deploying absolutely perfect crypto,
and on a shoestring budget, to boot. It's a no brainer.  Everything works!
You say it's broken?  You must be mistaken.  I dare you to show me how.
Yet, on a sad note, public crypto research has to stop.
One might think it could survive in purely academic circles.
But no, you'd have to be a fool to criticise even an academic paper.
Anybody, perhaps the resentful author, could co-opt the work for Copy Protection, and off to jail you go.
We seem to be entering the twilight zone -- the end of an exciting,
but brief era -- of public cryptography.

@_date: 2001-07-27 07:15:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Is minder.net really screwed up? 
Nope. Next wild ass guess...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-28 08:22:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Corporate totalitarianism? 
Repeal the 1870 corporation law that created this nightmare.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-28 08:32:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Corporate totalitarianism? 
The only way to 'clean house' is to remove humans from the equation, not
What happens instead is that the business practice of the business changes
so the previous chain of evidence is destroyed in a timely fashion or else
doesn't exist.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-28 08:34:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Corporate totalitarianism? 
Drawing the distinction in the first place is schizophrenic.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-29 09:14:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Open 802.11b wireless access points and remailers 
Micro-lite (aerobody) burst transmitters will solve the problem handily.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-29 09:19:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: Re: Open 802.11b wireless access points and remailers (fwd) 
"Small World" network models resolve almost all of these issues...the
failure with all these models is the concept of 'root' (or more generaly
'heirarchy'). It's not needed.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
I heard recently that Starbucks is piloting 802.11b access in selected
Manhattan locations. The issue is support, of course - they need to see if
they'll have to hire a sysadmin for every Starbucks before rolling it out.
I haven't taken my laptop and tried to verify this yet.
Matthew Skala had some material on his web page concerning "community
wireless" networks, as well, in which people offer free wireless
connectivity as a public service. Presumably this too would offer
opportunities for anonymous net access.
I would be less willing to trust a static box connected to one of these
networks, though. Once identified as a remailer, it seems that it might be
too easy to track it to its physical location, at which point it can be
borged or destroyed. After all, if it's going to be an active remailer, it
will be sending and receiving several messages each day. You might try
to get around this by developing a protocol in which there are many, many
remailers, each of which only speaks once in a very long while. I don't
know how easy or hard it is exactly to do this kind of tracking, however,
which makes it difficult to say what such a protocol would look like.
Perhaps mobile remailers might be more useful or more difficult to track
to their physical implementation. The only problem with a mobile remailer
is the question of "who's moving it?" (or what). I can imagine a mobile
remailer the size of a Walkman without too much difficulty; I can also
imagine that if I were to wear such a remailer and walk around in the
wrong kind of environment, I'd be asking for a "mugging." or worse. Now
that I think about it, it's not clear that wireless actually buys us more
than obscurity of physical location. The real win, as you point out, is
ease of access and ease of setup. Maybe less dependence on upstream
connections, as well, so you can get around the problem of ISPs shutting
down remailers for spam.
Plus mobile remailers seem to require either a global address space or
developing the notion of remailer confederations which allow dynamic leave
and join of remailer nodes. I recall that the notion of dynamic
collections of remailers came up in at least one previous discussion of
disposable remailers. I don't remember that too many conclusions were
reached, but it was a while abck.
One problem is that an adversary can show up with polynomially many of its
closest friends and have them all try to join a remailer confederation at
once. While the MIX protocol is theoretically OK as long as even one MIX
is honest, this may have bad implications for traffic analysis. Perhaps
one thing we could do would be to borrow Levien's advogato metric.
Let anyone who wants to start a remailer confederation. They form the root
set of the trust metric for that confederation. Anyone can join the
confederation's address space, but will start out with no trust links
between them and the root set. Nodes can rate each other, establishing
trust links. This way you can develop a trust metric / reputation system
local to that particular remailer confederation.
Now the issues are how the ratings are set up and maybe more important,
how routing of messages is influenced by the trust metric. Ratings could
be manual. We know how well that works from the PGP web of trust
experiment - and here life is harder since remops usually will not know
each other personally nor want to.
Another issue is dealing with nodes which leave the confederation. What if
all the confederation founders leave? what happens to the root set then?
Also, building up trust may require time, which makes this unsuitable for
nodes which want to pop in for 20 ins and then leave (say their owner is
on the freeway).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-29 11:29:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The real enemies of the poor  
Your question is your own answer. Your belief in their consistency, and
it's acceptability by your sensibilities, is an 'authority'. You've given
them trust a priori. I prefer they earn it each and every time anew.
A personal note, I hate sequels.
Actualy I read just about every submission to the list, I don't in general
pick viewpoints based on personality. The whole 'cult of personality' crap
makes me queezy. As to essays, I find it a rare author who writes 15
pages, let alone 15 essays, I don't find problems with. If you can read a
book and go through an entire chapter without saying "wait just a damn
minute..." then you're either not absorbing what is being said, you are
reading material that is already in line with your views/expectations, or else it's 'fluff'.
I'll make an observation, at the risk of offending sensibilities, from
your past commentary you look for work that goes along with what you
believe/want. Myself, I tend to go places where I'm the minority (this
mailing list being an example) because the dialog is much more
invigorating than sitting in a bunch of people who already agree with
Actually it demostrates my thesis above. You had a view, you found his
view to be complementary (you agreed with everything he said), and now you
pursue that. Me, I'd hunt for the holes in his theory/argument (and I
guarantee they are there).
You read what you sow.
Nothing. There is no need. The reality is that 'business' is nothing more
than 'pursuit of happiness'. If a company, any human enterprise, commits a
crime then the people who are responsible as well as the people who
executed the crime should pay. If that means the company goes down, so be
it. Another will rise in its place...phoenix like. The fact that people
are out of work is irrelevant. The market (ie out of work people and other
businesses that don't have enough workers) will correct.
You have a right to 'try', no guarantee to 'succeed'.
Prove that such a move would create either...you made the assertion and I
am not willing to take it at face value.
It doesn't create more paperwork or beurocracy, it reduces it
Explain your doubts more clearly (ie emulate that author you were proud of
A democratic government should consist of two broad components, the
elected and the voters (corporations can do neither, and recognizing the
elected are also voters). By eliminating the 'big money' effects on
democracy we remove the largest component of its abuse, influence by
No, the obvious first step is to get big business (really any business)
out of government. To eliminate the ability of 'business' as a independent
agent (equivalent to a person with natural rights, which they ain't - they
are the expression of natural rights - not the same thing) to participate in government will do a great deal toward putting our country back on the right track (ie serving the people and their 'pursuit of happiness'
??? People are the key to a civil society. Non-profits allow a group of
like minded individuals to participate in ways that are prohibited to
government (because government per se is not any more the solution to all
human problems than 'economics' is).
'private sector' has 'non-profit' as a component. You draw a false
You speak double-speak quite well, you're hard work has paid off...
'voluntary collective action' has caused quite a bit of damage in history.
Look at religion, politics (eg socialism), etc. Simply because people
volunteer to some act does not, and is not sufficient even in theory, make
it a 'good' thing. Only popular. Never confuse the two.
Might does not make right.
Bullshit. If the government collapsed tomorrow the last thing I'd be
worried about (and so would 90% of the rest of the population) would be
going to work tomorrow morning. The small factor that would be running
around worried about their 'profit margin' are simply sticking their heads
in the sand.
The reason there wouldn't be complete anarchy isn't economics, its
politics and shared culture. The state and local governments would still
be operating. This is the real strength of a multi-tiered distributed
authority democracy. It's well nigh impossible to destroy short of a
total scorched earth approach.
Look at the collapse of the CCCP for a real world example of how your
belief in the 'saviour of economics' will act. It won't save anything, it
will corrupt and abuse with the best of 'em.
And exactly how do you propose they function? In large parts of Africa the
oil industry is nationalised.
Really? I wonder how long those drug cartels would exist if their bases in
the US were all of a sunded removed. I wonder how they'd take it when they
discovered they could no longer gain access to US resources because of
their behaviour?
Actually I'm not. Limits of your imagination are not limits of mine thank
you very much.
The answer isn't more legislation. It's less, more rational, principled
legislation. Coupled with strict enforcement. I'd hypothesize that a
functioning American democracy could exist with less than 2000 individual
laws (I suspect considerably less actually). The answer is not to make it
more complicated and more 'exception based' but to make it 'principle
Perhaps on your part. I'm quite clear on the distinction. But I"ll humor
you, what confusion might that entail?
I didn't say there was a contradiction (in fact I said the opposite). A
free market isn't about consumption, it's about choice and allowing the
individual to make it. Consuptionism is clearly contrary to that.
Clearly, however if their refusal to be responsible with the consequences
of their acts interfere with me then I have a right to act in
You have a right to pursue happiness, you don't have a right to interfere
or stop others in their pursuite.
And 'living simply' does not equate to 'inner life'. To say that one
rejects physical things because others pursue them isn't a moral
view point. It's just as much 'living up to the Joneses' as the
consumerist. A rich 'inner life' is about doing what you think is right,
not a reference to what other people think.
You are
What you do
When it counts
     The Msao
Communism is about heirarchical (ie communes) structures. Democracy is
about individual choice. Not the same thing. Anarchy is about not having a
'leader' even a philisophical one. Clearly contrary to both communism and
There is no such thing as 'democratic anarchy' or 'democratic communism'.
That you would even stick them together indicates your fundamental
misunderstanding of the true concepts and your acceptance of the status
quo as defined by others. Congratulations, you're a full blown subscriber
to the consumerism party:
Baffle 'em with bullshit, by the time they figure it out we'll be long
gone with the goods....
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-07-29 11:56:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Possible Internet Split (plan D) 
Which is where a distributed grass roots wire-less network based on 'small
world networks' comes into play. In general this new network layer will
have two components. The first are 'static' within a region. This includes
both fixed point and mobile users in that locale. The second, and to date
pretty much ignored aspect, is long-distance long-haul. The answer here is
automobiles using the same sort of technology as above but tied to
highways and byways.
Small Worlds: The dynamics of networks between order and randomness.
D.J. Watts
ISBN 0-691-00541-9
Only if we keep letting 'them' take the lead in the standards definition
and implimentation. This is the true power of Open Source software, it
allows the individual to select what they will use, as opposed to some
dicta from 'them'.
Beep, wrong answer.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
                God said, "Let Tesla be", and all was light.
                                          B.A. Behrend
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-09 22:38:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: City Tree Rapers 
Bullshit, the 1st makes no such distinction. With respect to libel, or any
other form of speech it only says it isn't a federal issue. Note that no
stipulation is put upon the states (see 10'th).
                                 Amendment I
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-09 22:41:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: (on Young's "private language") 
Drop fucking dead.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-09 22:55:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: City Tree Rapers 
But the 14'th only speaks of 'priviliges and immunities' it never(!) uses
the term 'right' and a right is clearly not a privilige or immunity (read
the first two para's of the DoI for explanation of 'right').
If anything the 14'th would prevent states from making any(!) laws
respecting speech, even if we accept rights as priviliges or immunities.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-09 23:34:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: City Tree Rapers 
The Bill of Rights actually grants no rights, it only limits what the
government may do with respect to defining/restricting them. See 9'th and
10'th. It in effect sets out a list of prohibitions of things that
can't/shouldn't be done. I challenge you to find a single 'assignment'
sentence in the first 10 amendments.
With respect to the laws of the states, the Constitution only(!)
stipulates that the federals must guarantee them to be representative. It
says nothing about the actual form/function so implimented.
 [Image] Bill of Rights page
    THE FIRST 10 AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION AS RATIFIED BY THE STATES
Note: The following text is a transcription of the first 10 amendments to
the Constitution in their original form. These amendments were ratified
December 15, 1791, and form what is known as the "Bill of Rights."
                                 Amendment I
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
                                Amendment II
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State,
the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
                                Amendment III
No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the
consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed
by law.
                                Amendment IV
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated,
and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or
affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the
persons or things to be seized.
                                 Amendment V
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous
crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in
cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual
service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for
the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be
compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor
shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
                                Amendment VI
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
                                Amendment VII
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty
dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by
a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any Court of the United States,
than according to the rules of the common law.
                               Amendment VIII
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
and unusual punishments inflicted.
                                Amendment IX
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be
construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
                                 Amendment X
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or
to the people.
                              Amendments 11-27
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: The capitalization and punctuation in this version is from the
enrolled original of the Joint Resolution of Congress proposing the Bill of
Rights, which is on permanent display in the Rotunda of the National
Archives Building, Washington, D.C.
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
National Archives and Records Administration home page
URL: webmaster at nara.gov
Last Modified on February 16, 2001
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-09 23:42:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Substantive Due Process 
The problem with the due "Process Clause" is it injects a false distinction
with respect to 'types' of rights. See the first two sentences of the DoI
for a clarification of the only operable definition of 'right' acceptable in
the American Democratic Experiment.

@_date: 2001-06-09 23:47:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another point of the 14'ths "Due Process" and it's trumping... 
It's already trumped by a stronger requirement in the 5'th and 6'th, in
particular the 'compulsory process' clause of the 6'th. Not only are each
of us due, but government is REQUIRED to provide it under all criminal
cases involving $20 or more.
                                 Amendment V
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous
crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in
cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual
service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for
the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be
compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor
shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
                                Amendment VI
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-10 00:13:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FW: City Tree Rapers 
...or defining what is or isn't. It isn't the federals business to manage
the individual. It is their business to manage interstate commerce (of
both type), make sure all state governments are 'representative' (if that
doesn't bring the fed's into it nothing else will, how can a state
government be representative if some faction can't speak or they aren't
getting fair legal protection? Interstate commerce, second definition) and
handle foreign interests.
Perhaps, but it's incorrect interpretation. For example the 5th and 6th
say 'criminal' not 'federal' or 'state' (there is no specification as in
the 1st as to who can't do it).
To even quible over it is a fundamental abandonment of American Democratic
thought. Consider that one of the fundamental thoughts of 'American
Democratic' theory is 'equal protection under the law'. Consider why this
country revolted from Britian, unequal protection under the law. American thought is fundamentaly about 'if it ain't prohibited it's
permitted' and 'it can't be prohibited unless it can be shown to harm
anothers expression of rights (ie life, liberty, & pursuit of happiness)'.
It isn't about 'you can only do what is listed'. That's why we have a list
of things which are meant to not be listed ever(!).
I love current popular American political thought:
"The only way to protect Democracy is to give it up."
And the trains still won't run on time...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-10 00:14:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Substantive Due Process 
The problem is they draw a distinction in 'rights', procedural and
substative. When in fact they are the sides of the same coin. You can't
have one without the other.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-11 23:22:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SCOTUS rulz! (fwd) 
Actually he's a fascist, government management of private activity.
In economic terms he's a 'strong centraly regulated market' afficianado.
An commie doesn't believe in a 'market' per se, it's all 'command'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-11 23:26:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
But's they won't. I've tried to open a discussion with them on several
occassions and their attitude is 'do it our way'. The only(!) way I'd
support their activity is if they had a 'opt out' to their database. I
have no desire to participate in their 'project' in any way. Yet I don't
have that choice. So, no, I don't support his activity when it involved me
against my wishes.
There is something particularly slimey about that.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-12 00:10:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
Malarky, they actively(!) participate.
What ORBS and their ilk do is collect scans of IP's across the Internet,
some do it directly, some do it through independent 3rd parties, and
direct complaints. The only way ORBS will remove you from the database is
if you allow(!) them to re-scan your MTA and verify to their satisfaction
you are not in any way running an Open Relay. They then make this database
(usually for some sort of fee) available to other groups who then actively
filter submissions to their sites. In other words if I have a friend who I
want to exchange private mail with, ORBS's uses their trumped excuse for
justification to inject their belief system into that. Truly heinous.
Since when did I have any sort of obligation to help them in their
particular crusade? My duties as a citizen and human being are not to
interfere. I'm not saying 'Stop', I'm only saying 'Let me off'.
There is no technical or legal standard to back their actions. There is no
'authority' for them to decide who may configure their software how (and
the fact that they tell a private citizen is particularly irksome, more
angels among men I guess).
Just another fascist bastard.
Freedom for me, but not for thee...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-12 07:07:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
Movie critics don't go around blocking me and my friends from seeing other
movies besides the ones they want.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-12 07:08:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The 'theory' behind ORBS and it's ilk... 
It's easier, because of the law, to go after the middle man who have
nothing to do with the actions of spammers other than being there rather
than the actual spammers themselves.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-12 16:10:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SCOTUS rulz! 
Bullshit. What I said was that basing a 'search' on the frequency of the
radiation observed was bullshit.
I stand by that. Just like 'common public use' is as equally full of shit.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-12 16:12:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
Especially when you're involved in them.
I *AM* my own ISP you dunderhead. I don't like some asshole with zero
investment or liability through my acts telling me how to configure my
mail server or how often to mow my front yard.
Geesh, talk about one which flew over Declans Cookoo Nest.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-12 16:18:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
A theatre is generaly not a critic.
Apples and oranges.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-20 15:48:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: septillion operations per second (fwd) 
In James Bamford's new book 'Body of Secrets' he claims the NSA is working on some FAST computers. The secret community is also home to the largest collection of hyper-powerful computers, advanced mathematicians and skilled language experts on the planet.
Within the city, time is measured in femtosecondsone million billionth of a second, and scientists work in secret to develop computers capable of performing more than one septillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000) operations every second.
If they ever build such a computer (or 1.000.000 of them) what would that mean for today's key lengths ?
I am curious how long a computer capable of a septillion operations per second would take to crack one 128 bit or 256 bit key.
Or a RSA 1024 or 2048 bit key for that matter ...

@_date: 2001-06-21 16:33:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cryptobox (was Re: Edupage, June 20, 2001) 
Tell them to stop as it already exists, get Plan 9.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-21 16:47:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Critiques of Libertarianism 
And you're proud you don't have to listen to folks before you stick 'em in
a box? Bullshit, Libertarians choose to call themselves by that label,
it's a self imposed box. Your criticism is without merit. Or perhaps the
ghost of Wittgenstein will walk through you...
Further, you misrepresents what he says. Check the archives, various
folks have made the distinctions between the various components of CACL
quite clear, it's why I always make it clear what the particular 'common
character' I am refering to when I 'lump 'em into one box'. It is also
clear that a global critique of one 'view' isn't necessarily applicable to
the other. In other words, there are a variety of issues with a
concomitent multiplicity of views that get pushed into 'libertarian'. His
point that this makes it hard to understand the fundamental characters to
qualify for 'libertarian' is valid. It also happens to be a valid critique
of its practitioners.
Exactly, and if the philosophy can't stand on it's own two feet despite
this then it deserves the ignomy it will receive.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-21 18:15:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: eBay: Burn DVD movies onto CD? 
Actually that won't hold up. There is a distinction that you are missing.
Do you legally purchase service from that cable vendor? If so then even
building your own cable descrambling box may be illegal if the contract
says so (you're depriving the cable company of contractual income,
fraud?). The only(!!!) way that I can see building your own descrambler
and getting away with it is if you have no(!) connection to the vendor,
hence they have no claim to a 'loss' since you're not buying any service
in the first place.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              "...where annual election ends, tyranny begins;"
                               Thomas Jefferson & Samuel Adams
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-22 16:38:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: crypto flaw in secure mail standards (fwd) 
All current secure-mail standards specify, as their "high-
security" option, a weak use of the public-key sign and encrypt
operations.  On Thursday the 28th of this month, I'll present
my findings and my proposed repairs of the protocols, at the
Usenix Technical Conference here in Boston:
  Don Davis, "Defective Sign & Encrypt in S/MIME, PKCS MOSS,
PEM, PGP, and XML."  To appear in Proc. Usenix Tech. Conf. 2001,
Boston.  June 25-30, 2001.
A short summary:  All current secure-mail standards have a
significant cryptographic flaw.  There are several standard
ways to send and read secure e-mail.  The most well-known
secure mail systems are PGP and S/MIME.  All current public-
key-based secure-mail standards have this flaw.  Here are some
examples of the flaw in action:
Suppose Alice and Bob are business partners, and are setting
up a deal together.  Suppose Alice decides to call off the
deal, so she sends Bob a secure-mail message: "The deal is off."
Then Bob can get even with Alice:
  * Bob waits until Alice has a new deal in the works
    with Charlle;
  * Bob can abuse the secure e-mail protocol to re-encrypt
    and resend Alice's message to Charlie;
  * When Charlie receives Alice's message, he'll believe
    that the mail-security features guarantee that Alice
    sent the message to Charlie.
  * Charlie abandons his deal with Alice.
Suppose instead that Alice & Bob are coworkers.  Alice uses
secure e-mail to send Bob her sensitive company-internal
sales plan.  Bob decides to get his rival Alice fired:
  * Bob abuses the secure e-mail protocol to re-encrypt and
    resend Alice's sales-plan, with her digital signature,
    to a rival company's salesman Charlie.
  * Charlie brags openly about getting the sales plan from
    Alice.  When he's accused in court of stealing the plan,
    Charlie presents Alice's secure e-mail as evidence of
    his innocence.
Surprisingly, standards-compliant secure-mail clients will
not detect these attacks.
Once I've presented the paper, I'll make this link live:

@_date: 2001-06-22 16:42:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: Re: crypto flaw in secure mail standards (fwd) 
This is not a crypto flaw.  This is an engineering flaw.
First, the timestamp of the message is certainly encoded in the
signature.  This is protection against your first suggested attack.
The recipient, upon verifying the signature, notices that it was made,
e.g., two months previously.  Then one would have to wonder why a
two-month-old message was being sent.
The other obvious problem is that although the sender's identity is
encoded in the message's signature (as well as the time the signature
is purported to be made), the original intended recipient's are not
encoded within the signed portion of the message.  The simple fix
would be to include the appropriate mail headers withing the signed
portion of the message.  In particular, including the 'To' and 'Cc'
fields would immediately protect against both of these attacks.
The problem is not at all with the crypto.  The problem is with the
integration of the crypto with applications like e-mail.
Have a nice day,

@_date: 2001-06-22 16:43:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: Re: crypto flaw in secure mail standards (fwd) 
Don Davis writes,
The only thing protected in a signed message is that portion signed.
Alice needs to say, "Bob, the deal is off."
Actually this is not enough.  Suppose Alice sends this, or equivalently
suppose we use an encryption scheme similar to what David Hopwood
describes where the inner signed portion includes the outer key.
There can still be trouble.  Suppose at some later time Alice and Bob
negotiate a new contract, and Bob wants to get out of it.  He pulls out
this old message of Alice's and stamps a new date on it, claiming that
it was with regard to their new contract negotiation.  He says that
Alice withdrew from the contract so he is not liable for any penalties.
Again the problem is that only what is signed is protected.  If the date
is not signed, it is not protected.  So the protocol has to include the
date in the signature.  (Actually I think most email encryption protocols
do this, but the point is that the formal description of what is signed
may not show that.)  Only what is signed is protected.
Even the date may not be enough.  Suppose Alice and Bob are separately
negotiating two different contracts, using a threaded mail reader
which uses Reply-To: or some similar fields in the mail header so
that exchanges with regard to one contract are shown separately from
exchanges with regard to the other.  Then Alice might send, "Bob, the
deal is off," including a date in the signature, and expect it to apply
just to the deal being negotiated in that thread, because that's how her
mail software shows it.  However Bob can take the message and claim that
it applied to the other thread.
In this case, other context that was in the minds of Alice and Bob is
not being covered by the signature.  This is really the general form of
the issue being discussed.  What is in the minds of the participants,
what assumptions are they making that are not being written down?
This is why we have lawyers and contracts and fine print.  These
institutions and practices are the result of centuries of people weaseling
out of contracts in various ways.
It is mistaken to think that we can solve this problem by a little
cryptographic legerdemain involving copying a field from the outer
encryption envelope into the inner signature.  That does not begin to
cover all of the things that can go wrong.
The only real solution is to use the advice and experience of the
legal system when negotiating a contract which will bind the parties.
Make sure everything is written down and sign a document which is as
clear, specific and free of ambiguity as possible.
It's not a cryptographic issue, and failures of this kind are not
cryptographic failures.  Cryptography can't read the minds of the
parties involved and know that all of their assumptions are included in
the signed portion.  The real solution is for the communicants to take
the responsibility to put everything there that is needed.  Only what
is signed is protected.

@_date: 2001-06-22 16:44:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: Re: crypto flaw in secure mail standards (fwd) 
In fact there are many applications where the separation of the
signing operation from the encryption operation are useful and
Encryption provides a different service then the underlying
signature. It protects the document from being read by unintended
recipients. The signature can provide proof later that the sender did
in fact sign the message.
It is always the case that one must be careful what one writes in
e-mail, for once delivered to the recipient, the sender looses control
of the document.  In fact this threat even exists in paper mail. If
Alice sends Bob a "The deal is off" letter, but doesn't mark the
letter with enough context, Bob can always physically forward the
letter to a third party and claim it is from Alice.
I believe it is important that message signatures outlive the
message's encryption layer. If I receive a signed/encrypted message. I
will loose the ability to decrypt it if I loose my private key (or
intentionally destroy it to prevent its future compromise). However if
I remove the encryption and store the message signed (perhaps
protected by other mechanisms in my mail store), I can always verify
the signature as long as I have access to the sender's certificate
chain. No secrets have to be saved.
Btw. I don't believe S/MIME has timestamps in its signature
format. PGP does. PGP also implements a "for her eyes only" feature
that only permits an encrypted message to be displayed, but not saved
in a file. Now of course a sufficiently clever person can circumvent
this protection. I am now wondering how hard it would be to circumvent
this feature *and* keep the original message signature (of course if
you have the PGP source code, you can do this).
However, having said all this, Don has a point. There may be a class
of message where you want to prove that you originated it *only to the
original sender*.  If he has a way to do that, it sounds like a good
But there isn't a flaw in secure e-mail, just a missing service.

@_date: 2001-06-22 17:52:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Two Countries, One City (A civil , libertarian/anarcho-capitalist challenge?)  
It seems to me that anywhere anybody colonized it is royaly fucked up,
unless they bought their indepence with blood (and then a case can be
made it is only marginally better there/here).
A counter point is the amount of business in those regions. If one follows
the standard free market or CACL responce then as business moves in you
would expect to see a general increase across the board. There's even a
comment about 'middle class' in the article. A more 'cynical/real world'
view would be that the plight of these people won't improve until those
outside begin to hold the economic and political authorities to task for
their actions and the consequences to the general population.
After all, the rational strategy with respect to increase profit and
decrease cost is to 'defect' (in the same sense if not for the same
reasons as a PD) with respect to pay and benefits. It also holds itself out as a good example of why the 'information' requisite for 'free market'
dynamics isn't a natural of human business enterprise, business puts great
stock on knowning something the competition doesn't (in this case
competition for the profit margin between the managers/share holders of
the company and the employees).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-22 19:05:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dropped Traffic 
I've received no significant bounces or other problems.
I'm currently feeding on the backbone:
Problematic Feeds (ie they were working but not now):
htp.org (retired)
cyberpass.net (was getting DNS and bounces, is it ok now?)
koeln.ccc.de (Bounce Baby Bounce, it is ok now or really a dodo?)
lne.com (ISP has Open Relay filtering enabled, so much for free speech)
If anyone wants me to add them on the backbone please reply privately.
And what happened to the Canadian and Indian cypherpunks lists? Is there
any real interest/objection to subscribing say SSZ to the lists so their
traffic gets carried over? Are there any active participants in either
list currently subscribed to the CDR?
Looking for bright active persons to host even more CDR nodes!!! Start
yours today. A global enterprise.
(How come Sealand doesn't host a node?)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-22 21:00:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Art of Submarine Warfare 
????? I'll have to disagree - it's simple and reliable. What makes this
incident stand out is how little mail gets lost. How few problems we
realy do have over a given period with the network. Usually there is little
if any question of which box has thrown a bit or gone deaf. Getting a hold
of the operator can be a chore sometime. There's not a lot of discussion
between the operators really. Now, as to dropped mail. It happens
sometimes. 3 messages from one user getting dropped sounds more like a
problem on the source end than in the CDR itself. Usually when a node
starts throwing dup'es or dropping email wholesale (we've had this problem
in the past) the hue and cry go up pretty quickly. Perhaps somebody rm'ed
some buffer, sendmail went core, whatever. The question is does it happen
again and if so what are it's characteristics compaired to this incident.
Cover your sixes.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-23 20:13:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [v-nv-mobilize] Gap's New Image (fwd) 
Sent: Friday, June 22, 2001 1:10 PM
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-29 13:57:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cyberpass gephuked? 
Hi George,
Any chance you're from the 'Jungle'? :)
Apparently cyberpass is having some sort of problem. It has steadily
gotten worse over the last couple of days.
Unfortunately I don't have a contact point for the operator of that node
so we'll have to wait until somebody with a better contact clue than I can
get in touch with them.
There are several other nodes, info at:
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-29 14:00:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: blocking chinese domains? (fwd) 
does anyone know whether china has recently shut
down its citizens' outgoing network access?
in looking over the hits on my web-page recently,
i noticed a bizarre factoid:  of 7000 hits, none
came from the .cn domain;  there were hits from
armenia, fiji, niue, korea, and other equally-
small venues, but none at all from the PRC.  is
there any known reason for this consistent disparity?

@_date: 2001-06-29 14:01:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DCSB Call for Speakers (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 3963 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-06-29 14:02:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.545 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 545  June 27, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein, and
James Riordon
ALL-OPTICAL BEC.  Physicists at Georgia Tech have created and
stored a Bose-Einstein  condensate (BEC) of rubidium atoms in a trap
using only laser beams, without the cumbersome magnet coils
employed in traditional magneto-optic traps (MOTs).  BECs have
been transferred into purely optical traps before but this is the first
time such a trap has produced the condensation itself, in which
thousands or millions of atoms fall into a coherent single quantum
state.  What are the advantages of an optical design and why are BEC
scientists excited about this result?  (1) In the Georgia Tech approach
the BEC occurs within seconds rather than in tens or hundreds of
seconds.  (2) Expensive, voltage-regulated power supplies for the
magnets are no longer needed.  (3) Atoms (such as magnesium or
strontium) or molecules with magnetic moments not suitable for
conventional traps, can be studied.  (4) The faster condensation
lessens the need for high vacuum.  (5) Without bulky magnets all
around, it will be easier to move  the condensate into other
enclosures, such as into cavities where interactions between the BEC
and single photons can be studied.  (Barrett et al., Physical Review
Letters, 2  July2001; contact Michael Chapman, 404-894-5223,
michael.chapman at physics.gatech.edu.  Additional note: Physical
Review Letters will, as of its 2 July issue, move to a continuous
online publication, according to which an article's publication date
will coincide with the day on which it is posted online; its print date
will be the cover date of the paper issue of PRL in which the article
appears in printed form.  Furthermore, the printed cover of each issue
will carry an illustration from one of the articles therein.  The first
such figure is associated with this all-optical BEC story.)
SEMICONDUCTING MAGNETS AT HIGH TEMPERATURE.  For
water the melting temperature is where crystal turns to liquid.  For
magnets the Curie temperature is the point above which the lined-up
spins of a ferromagnet fall out of alignment and the material becomes
nonmagnetic.  Recently the calcium-boron compound CaB6, doped
with lanthanum, was observed to retain a modest ferromagnetism at
temperatures as high as 900 K, surprising for a compound not
containing the traditional magnetic metals such as nickel or iron. Now physicists in The Netherlands (Paul Kelly, University of
Twente, p.j.kelly at tn.utwente.nl, 31-53-489-3166) suggest that CaB6
is not a metal, as has been thought, but actually a semiconductor. One obstacle so far to the realization of spintronics, the kind of
electronics in which electron spin and not just electron charge plays a
part, has been the difficulty of mixing semiconductors and magnetic
metals.   Hence the value of a semiconductor that starts out as a
magnet and remains magnetic well above room temperature. Spintronics analogues of typical semiconductor functions, such as
rectification and amplification, would now be possible.. In addition to
magnetic sensor and memory applications, entirely new possibilities
such as reprogrammable logic might be brought within reach. (Tromp
et al., Physical Review Letters, 2 July 2001)
ULTRAVIOLET FROM LEDs AND FEL's.  Light at almost any
wavelength is a useful tool for exploring the material world, but as
the wavelength shrinks more information can be encoded into a given
light pulse and, when used in a microscope, the light will have
greater resolving power.   Here are two notable examples of attaining
ultraviolet radiation.  First, scientists at Argonne's Advanced Photon
Source have achieved UV radiation at a wavelength of 385 nm in a
free-electron-laser (FEL) setup.  In an FEL a beam of high energy
electrons is sent through a sequence of magnets which cause the
electrons' trajectory to undulate in such a way as to make the
electrons radiate light which in turn interacts with the electrons.  The
researchers hope to extend their method up into the x-ray region
(Milton et al., Science, 15 June 2001).  The second result, from
physicists at the National Institute for Materials Science in Tsukuba,
Japan is a report of UV emission (235 nm) from a light emitting
diode (LED) made by putting a boron-doped diamond layer up
against a phosphorus-doped diamond layer.  (Koizumi et al., Science
8 June 2001
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-29 16:38:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: compelled speech in texas 
We'll see how re-election goes. The Texas legislature meets every other
year and we're in a 'off' year now. One point, the govenor who was in
charge is not president...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-29 19:29:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ds.pro-ns.net dropped from feed (BOUNCE cypherpunks@einstein.ssz.com:  global taboo header: /^subject:\s*Returned mail\b/i)     (fwd) 
Roger, wilco.
So shall it be written, so shall it be done :)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
                                      Ludwig Wittgenstein
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-06-30 18:50:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Scientific American: News In Brief: New Technique for 'Tipping' Electron Spins: June 29, 2001 
I guess these guys must be wrong about the use of 'coherence'...

@_date: 2001-03-01 07:27:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Re: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory,  Not Facts] 
Right and wrong have timing? I think not.
Censors are the first to judge. 'a priori' effectively means 'before'.
What censor ever took a self-proclaimed right to censor and actually got
away with it? You cast censorship as if it were a private/personal act
when in fact it's a societal act, many against one. If it's couched in
anything it's a mis-applied concept of self-defence.
That's not justice, that human nature. Don't have a clue how we got into
talking about space aliens (ie terrestrial powers).
Are you mean transcendental as in religious?
I'm not sure what 'cycle' you mean.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-01 17:42:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Anarchy the norm? 
Ancient North America: The Archeology of a Continent
B.M. Fagan
ISBN 0-500-05075-9
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-01 18:16:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
I liked it :)
Ok, we get the technology down to say $10k per bird. That would at least
be within the budget of most 'hobbyist' to come up with in a year.
Technology wise, I'm real keen on the Hydrogen Peroxide Catalyst engines, especially Platinum catalyst. Platinum is problematic, rare & expensive.
Say 1 out of 1,000 potential hobbyist can afford it. Hydrogen Peroxide
can at least theoretically be done in a garage lab, so we'll leave this
1-1 for now.
Miniaturize everything, since we've got chemical heat we can use Peltier's
to make power. Venting expanded gas is going to be problematic unless
we're symmetric. We could also use this same system for small orbital
Whole thing will fit in 6in. OD pipe.
Simply outlaw any amateur rocketry, crack down on (like guns but w/o 2nd
Amendment protection) non-commercial industrial sales of machine tools,
All of the above, as well as things like Brilliant Pebbles or
laser/maser/micro-wave assaults. The USAF has had at least one successful
launch from a high altitude interceptor via missile, it was back in the
early/mid 80's (?: F-15).
Brilliant Pebbles. All the 'Brilliant' class weapons are space based (sort
of like 'Prarie' has to do with submarine ASW technology - eg Prarie
Masker, a bubble diffuser.) There's also one that is like a giant shotgun,
I don't remember it's designator :(
Who has the technology lead? Is the 'movement' organized or a bunch of
chickens with their heads cut off? I'd think the chickens would be very
hard to stop. The communications could be used to identify the others.
The reality is that an army of 10,000 well armed individuals acting upon a
common belief and with common goals, but acting completely independently
and unknown to each other, would be next to impossible to stop. Even if
the other army were 10 or more the size.
Yes, this sort of requirement pretty much limits it to either solids or
hybrids, and the occassional exotic (ie H2O2/Pt). Note that storage of
H2O2 reliably for more than a few weeks is probably prohibitive.
It depends on the 'splatter' of the entenna you were transmitting with. If
it has a lot of side lobes then probably. It would help to make it
digital, spread sprectrum, encrypted, and burst. You'll need lots of power
because the Can-Sat antenna can't be that big (it could be a long wire of
How fast will it come down? What sort of warning window for the boys in
blue? How far are they from the recovery site? Is this a new event or
something they've seen before?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-01 20:34:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
Yep, it's not something for kiddies, old ladies, or the weak of heart.
It's corrosiveness (not to mention build of O2 as 2H202 breaks down into
02 + 2H20) can be problematic. Consider the reaction of say regular
mechanic rags and diesel and some grades of grease under enhanced O2
conditions. It's the reason I stated a few weeks was the maximum 'hold
time'. After that metals, plastics, rubbers, etc. start to come apart.
Actually you can make H2O2 using electricity also. It's a natural byproduct of the ionization of saturated air by lightning. Lab setups
could be built using Tesla types of technology. You also get a lot of
ozone. I don't know if anyone has ever worked with liquid ozone as an
oxidizer (hmmm????).
I'd probably use a more conventional, perhaps surplus, airframe as the
Of course another alternative is Liquid Oxygen and Gasoline/Diesel.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-03 08:38:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: If the SC isn't fooled by the technology (fwd) 
Sure it does Declan, because you don't get the catch doesn't mean it
doesn't exist.
Bottem line if a 'technology' standard is found wanting with respect to
the 4th then extension to the 1st isn't a big jump. If you can't equate
speech-crypto with search-ir oh well.
But you're a journalist so it's not surprising you don't get it, you have
a hard enough time getting quotes correct.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
This statement makes no sense.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-03 08:41:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory,  Not Facts (fwd) 
Which is an irrelelvent observatio and not germane to 'Godwin's Law'.
Watch them blipverts young man.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
Mike has been gone from EFF for some years.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-03 08:41:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Draft standard for AES (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
NIST has just released this up on their web site.
- Alex
Alex Alten
Alten at Home.Com

@_date: 2001-03-04 14:25:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Not debate "network externality"-path dependence? 
The letter signed by the 'economists' is already prima facia evidence in
support of 'network externality' and 'path dependence' as real effects.
A debate would only be further evidence in favor of their existance.
I've read only a small part of the various URL's that have been forwarded,
and a major reason for these sorts of effects to be out there, which is
ignored in this debate as near as I can tell, is 'nobody wants to be
first' with respect to bucking the trend.
The MS case is a perfect example: "Nobody ever lost their job for buying
The reality is that people knew they were purchasing sub-optimal
resources. Their hope was that market effects with respect to support and
software would make up any difference. Sometimes the solution that gets
selected is 'good enough' rather than 'best'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-06 17:22:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Not debate "network externality"-path dependence? 
What the hell does 'science' care about 'expert', now 'politics' is
another game entirely.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-06 19:50:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: arrgh 
Somehow I doubt telling somebody to stuff gun powder into a pipe, and
carefully wipe the ends this would be interpreted as any sort of aid in
and of itself.
Hell, Dover prints a book called "Chemical Magic" for $5 that'll provide
all you need to get started.
Not to mention that if one wanted they can mosey on down to the local
bookstore and order "Bombs and Bombings: A Handbook to Detection,
Disposal, and Investigation for Police and Fire Depts. (2nd Ed)" by Thomas
G. Brodie (ISBN 0-398-06551-9 (hrdbk), 0-398-06552-7 (ppbk)) you could
have the fine co-defendent of the FBI to stand trial right beside you (it was used as the training manual at one time).
Or you could just go down to your local movie outlet and buy "Fight Club"
where they describe how to make Nitro and Dynamite from basic soap. Then
you could have the appropriate movie studio, producer, and (hell, go for
broke) Brad Pitt to stand right along side of yourself.
When the IRS came in and asked me about the instructions I sent to the
list the issue was had I ever actually discussed it with CJ (off the
list) as he was carrying a copy of my posting when he was arrested (or so I and my lawyer was told). Since that never happened there wasn't shit
that could be done about it.
My suggestion, use a lawyer with more savy than Mr. Boone.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-07 17:27:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Current Public Announcements and Current Travel Warnings (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
CURRENT PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS
Country/Subject                                 Issued  Expires
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia                  3/6/01  5/30/01
Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia           3/1/01  5/30/01
Haiti                                           2/23/01 4/23/01
Burma                                           2/16/01 4/15/01
Thailand                                                2/15/01 4/15/01
El Salvador                                     2/14/01 5/9/01
Vietnam                                         2/12/01 4/8/01
Fiji                                            2/9/01  5/9/01
Ecuador                                         2/7/01  5/7/01
Philippines                                     2/1/01  5/1/01
Laos                                            1/30/01 4/1/01
Nepal                                           1/23/01 3/15/01
Tanzania                                        1/18/01 4/19/01
Guyana                                          1/11/01 4/11/01
Malaysia                                        1/11/01 6/11/01
Mali                                            1/5/01  4/4/01
Worldwide Caution                               1/5/01  6/7/01
Philippines                                     1/5/00  4/5/01
Zambia                                          12/13/00        3/12/01
East Timor                                      11/3/00 3/7/01
Peru                                            10/26/00        4/30/01
Kyrgyz Republic                                 9/08/00 3/15/01
                        TOTAL: 22                               Updated
Current Travel Warnings
                Solomon Islands                         2/27/01
                Indonesia                               2/27/01
                Somalia                                 2/16/01
                Federal Republic of Yugoslavia          2/13/01
                Haiti                                   2/5/01
                Democratic Republic of the Congo                1/21/01
                Israel, the West Bank and Gaza          1/12/01
                Afghanistan                             12/12/00
                Sudan                                   12/12/00
                Burundi                                 12/7/00
                Bosnia & Herzegovina                    11/29/00
                Liberia                                 11/2/00
                Yemen                                   10/12/00
                Angola                                  9/8/00
                Tajikistan                              8/30/00
                Lebanon                                 8/28/00
                Sierra Leone                            8/4/00
                Albania                                 6/12/00
                Republic of Congo                       5/3/00
                Nigeria                                 4/7/00
                Algeria                                 3/31/00
                Colombia                                1/28/00
                Iran                                    9/14/99
                Iraq                                    9/10/99
                Pakistan                                        8/10/99
                Libya                                   8/4/99
                Guinea-Bissau                           6/14/98
                        Total:  27              List updated 2/28/01
                                Internet home page at
                                Recorded information by telephone:
                                Information by automated faxback:
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2001-03-08 16:24:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Denial of Service Attack on Cypherpunks? 
There's been planty of traffic. Want a date with a lawyer? :)
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-08 16:32:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OK, which node is down? [WAS: Re: Denial of Service Attack on Cypherpunks?] 
I'm sending traffic to cyberpass.net and am not receiving bounces so it's
either getting into the node and black holing or else it's black holing
betwix here and there.
I'm not sending to infonex.com so I have zero data there.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-08 17:05:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks March 2001 Physical Meeting  Announcement 
Somehow I missed getting this on the CDR homepage at SSZ. I've correct
that oversight on my part, sorry.
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-08 17:38:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: MS and it's activation code, a question... 
Why is MS licensing my hardware through their software?
What does a change in my motherboard have to do with the image of the
software on the hard drive? Why would adding a new hard drive or replacing
an existing one require MS's ok?
By purchasing MS products you are in effect selling them the rights to
your computer hardware.
I wonder if they'll pay the support bills?
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-08 18:50:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks March 2001 Physical Meeting  Announcement 
That's Declan for you, on one hand holds to be a proponent of individual
freedom and on the other trying to impose his twisted view of the worl on
    ____________________________________________________________________
           Before a larger group can see the virtue of an idea, a
           smaller group must first understand it.
                                           "Stranger Suns"
                                           George Zebrowski
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-09 00:50:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || In an open society, what should be a public record? 
"When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself public
                                                 Thomas Jefferson

@_date: 2001-03-09 01:00:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A question of magnitude? 
What will happen when Japan collapses from economic ruin, Britian
collapses because of a biological disaster, China has a revolution based
on democracy, religion, and economic ruin from increased military budgets,
The US faces a rash of violent civil disobedience coupled with massive
economic slowdowns, and the EU collapses because of increased internal
It may not take 20 years...
Now who votes for a single world government?
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-09 07:12:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks March 2001 Physical Meeting   Announcement 
??? I never used the word or a synonym. Don't have a clue what the hell
you're talking about. The observation was about Declan and his
contradictory behaviour and views.
Better check you're meds...
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-09 16:51:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail 
I'd plead the 5th.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
hout your appearance as a foundation witness.  Mr. Bell is not interested in any such stipulations.  I regret any inconvenience that a trip to Tacoma may cause.

@_date: 2001-03-09 16:53:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "Voted #1 Online Business" 
NO. You most definitely do not have my permission, as the owner of
ssz.com, to send anything to an ssz.com domain ever again.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-09 16:55:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
He's a fucking fascist executing a PsyOps.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-09 17:10:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists 
Why should they? Such regulations are unconstitutional. There is no
distinction in the 1st about owners and employees of commercial news
agencies, only presses (ie persons who own mechanisms to distribute
information to a community at large).
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-09 18:23:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Downloading copies of C.E Shannon's papers (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I just heard from the editor, Fran Grimes, of the Bell Systems Technical Journal today.  She
 "We will post Shannon's "Communications
Theory of Secrecy Systems." It should be up sometime next week.
Right now the only version of this paper on the
web that I know of is in a horrible image format.
 __________________________________________
 Joe Peschel  D.O.E. SysWorks      __________________________________________

@_date: 2001-03-09 22:04:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Export of PDF Decryption code (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hi Coderpunks,
   I realize this is, strictly speaking, a political rather than
technical issue, but at least it's directly related to getting
encryption code out there, and I figure that knowledgeable people will
be hanging out here.
   Basically, I want to know under what circumstances we can safely
export PDF decryption code with versions of Ghostscript. We ship
Ghostscript under three licenses: GPL (for older versions), Aladdin
Free Public License (free redistribution but limitations on commercial
products; thus not DFSG), and under proprietary licenses to our OEM
   Here are some relevant facts:
* The encryption in PDF is 40-bit RC4, with MD5 used to derive the RC4
  key from the user-supplied password.
* Geoffrey Keating in Australia makes a patch available for Ghostscript
  which adds the encryption capability.
* The competing xpdf package (distributed under GPL only) includes
  support for PDF decryption.
   I'd guess that we are allowed to freely distribute 40-bit RC4 with
both the GPL and AFPL versions as long as we cc: the BXA on all
releases, but for the commercial licensing, we'd have to advise our
customers that they need to go through the export licensing process
(no matter how pro forma) before including the code in their products.
Is this correct?
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 2001-03-10 08:41:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists 
Really? Where is it then?
                                 Amendment I
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
The regulations draw a distinction that is not recognized in 'equal under
the law'.
A democracy (at least this one) is SUPPOSED to provide equal protection
under the law. The referenced regulations don't do that. They draw a
distinction based on a COMMERCIAL yardstick and that is most certainly
unconstitutional. There is a reason that the Constitution doesn't mention
business except in one clause - IT ISN'T IMPORTANT TO A WELL ORDERED
Some Jefferson quotes:
The Press -
No Government outght to be without censors; and when the press is free, no
one ever will. Nature has given to man no other means of sifting out the
truth either in religion, law, or politics. I think it as honorable to the
government neither to know nor notice sycophants or censors as it would be
indignified and criminal to pampter the former and persecute the latter.
Newspapers -
At a very early period in my life I determined never to put a sentence in
any newspaper. I have religiously adhered to the resolution through my
life and have great reason to be content with it. Were I to undertake to
answer the calumnies of the newspapers it would be more than all my time
and twenty aids could effect. For, while I should be answering one, twenty
new ones would be invented. I have thought it better to trust to the
justice of my countrymen that they would judge me by what they see of my
conduct on the stage where they have placed me.
'calumnies' means slander.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-10 11:12:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
He has a digital 'press' in cryptome.org just like ssz.com or pgp.net.
Every one of these sites should be accorded the protection of the
Constitution without question.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-10 14:12:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: VeriSign to keep the .com registry? (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Has anybody looked at the ICANN proposal to let VeriSign keep hold
of the .com registry servers?
Apparently NSI under VeriSign has been behaving itself, so ICANN are
wondering if they could just forget all that nasty separation stuff.
But, they do not mention anywhere the conflict of interest that will
arise if the biggest certificate seller is also the biggest registry.
I'm not sure how the DNS security discussions are going, but it would
seem that there is a conflict of interest in having VeriSign able to
influence the registry whilst also being a seller of domain certs.
Comments anyone?  (by this monday :)
(I know this is nothing to do with coding, but it does seem that
coderpunks has the greater concentration of people who understand
the security issues involved...)

@_date: 2001-03-10 16:38:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: corporate espionage 
Hi Becky,
Which if the several hundred subscribers to the 8+ CDR nodes and
potentialy thousands of associated webpages might you be refering to?
You seem to have a fuzzy understanding of the concept 'mailing list'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-10 17:08:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: corporate espionage 
Ok, let me say this again....
You are sending a note to a distributed mailing list. It has 8 core nodes
with each node hosting their own set of independent subscribers. The total
number of subscribers is potentaily several hundred. You are acting like
you're sending a note to an individual. You are NOT. I happen to be the operator of the ssz.com node and I'm trying to get you to understand that
you're request is worthless as worded. ssz.com is NOT the same computer
(not even in the same state) as cyberpass.net. We simply share cross-feeds
on our traffic.
If you would like more info as to why, please visit:
The Cypherpunks are a group of people discussing cryptography, civil
liberty, and economics. If you're question is in one of those areas then
feel free to expand upon your problem. If not you should probably go
someplace else.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 07:45:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists | Confidential  
And what was your first clue? I'm speaking of the Constitution as it was
intended. You're as stupid as Declan (of course this should surprise
nobody since both of you are protecting the status quo). Like I've said
before lawyers and reports are whores, they sell their integrity to the
highest bidder. None of you believe in the Constitution, and you're so
scared of it you'll take an oath to protect it and then turn around with
full pre-meditation and break that oath in order to protect the status
quo. Democracy and real 'equality under the law' must scare the holy shit
out of you everytime the thought enters your pea-sized noggin.
Both of you should see a doctor about your attention deficit. I suspect
it's too late for your soul.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 07:46:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
Um, as far as I know I don't need any Marijuana in any of my rockets.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 07:53:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists | Confidential  
"Congress shall make NO law ..."
Clearly Congress isn't following it's own Constitutional directive.
Thank you for conceeding my 'unconstitutional' point.
 (Indeed, Jim, precedent runs in the other direction for most of
Why is it that a STOP sign is clearly understood but 'make no law' isn't?
What is the thinking that the government has the authority to break the
law but nobody else does? How can a government which doesn't recognize or
respect its own laws be a honest government? If the government isn't
honest why should it expect anyone to conform?
Actually not, it will be ignored at any and every opportunity. Pretty
reliable mileage in my book.
Which is clearly against 'equal protection' and 'make no law ...'.
[ a bunch of prima facia evidence the US Government is acting
Yep, clearly the best way to protect democracy is to ignore it.
    ____________________________________________________________________
        Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
                                                       Locke
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 10:21:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Can I reproduce out of print books? 
Life of author & 70 something years, unless they sell the rights to a
corp. Then it's as long as the corp. does something to keep the copyright
In-print, out-of-print, irrelevant.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 17:35:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Teach me 
You can send them to the various reading lists on SSZ. I think all the
books you mentioned are there and then some. I'm adding on a regular basis
as well.
Look for "Suggested Reading"...
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 17:37:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
It's gotta be 90% or better.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 20:30:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A question about copyright and archival sites... 
Who owns each posting that goes through the CDR?
Standard Responce: Each individual author.
Does this not mean that each individual author has full protection under
the copyright law?
Question: Doesn't this mean that if the author of a post archived, without
          has the legal right to remove it from said archive?
Question: Wouldn't a refusal mean an open violation of copyright law?
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 20:36:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another archive question 
Since an archive is intended for long-term consumption whereas a standard
mailing list is more akin to a conversation (however public one might hold
it to be) wouldn't an archivist run a higher risk of legal involvement
with respect to 3rd party usage and illegal activity?
Consider the levels of responsibility under current law for:
Author > List Member (May be 'Actor')
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-11 21:01:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fwd: [Macsec] Mac GPG (fwd) 
____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-03-12 16:50:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | 15 Minutes 
I'd hate to spoil the 'ahah!' for you...
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 16:52:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Attorney for a Mutton Sandwich 
Yeah, so what.
Which is irrelevant to the point I'm making.
The wise man isn't so wise, he (and you) clearly don't understand
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 16:54:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | 15 Minutes 
Every post I send is 'on topic' to crypto, civil liberties, or economics.
Keep wanting.
Keep wanting.
What makes you think I'm wanting to 'help' you or whatever 'us' you're
refering to.
You just want to be pissed off, and if you can make me the target so much the better.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 16:55:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Toy gun ban: This is pleasantly insane 
That can get you arrested for 'making a threat' here in the states.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 16:58:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Slashdot | Disposable Credit Card Numbers] 
I call 'em like I see 'em.
To quote Blixa,
"Destruction is not negative, you must destroy to build."
You don't 'know' me at all.
The most positive thing one can do is exercise their constitutional     ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 17:30:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: If law is based on precedence 
Why is the Constitution not the root precedent?
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 17:54:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | 15 Minutes 
Wow, I got some money? When? From where?
You really should get your facts straight or your dose adjusted, John.
I was hired on the week IBM bought Tivoli. I didn't get a penny. Never
heard of Tivoli until they walked into the local Linux user group I was
helping run and asked me to come in for a job interview. Biggest network
I'd ever seen was about 50 machines, now 10,000 is itty bitty. Didn't know anything about IBM buying them out, and nobody outside of Tivoli & IBM did
either (well some lawyers perhaps). I was working at the local Community
College on a 'Semiconductor Technology' course to train folks for the
various fab's around Austin. It's only the 4th one to ever get accredited
by all the major manufacturers. I was the technical lead, responsible for
course content, lab design, etc. Not bad for somebody without a degree
I've always felt. Outside of that I ran their books, managed purchasing,
and did the occassional tutoring across the full electronics course
schedule. I worked there about 2.5 years. Before that I'd worked for
Compu-Add, coming on board to do technical support for Desert Storm
(though we didn't know it at the time) and their Point-of-Sale line.
As to my technical and troubleshooting skills, I'll let anyone who has
worked for me or directly with me answer that. Anyone else isn't qualified
to even have an opinion.
I would like to also add that I'm glad I don't live in NY. Any state that
would let somebody like you practice medicine without a license is not
someplace I want to even visit.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 17:56:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Passive-Aggressive (Negativistic) Personality Disorder 
Cool, we've got two wanna be head-shrinkers. This is gonna be fun.
Lay on McDuff...
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 17:57:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | 15 Minutes 
Then learn to filter.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 18:08:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: My .sig 
Yes, it's insulting. Hell, it's insulting to me.
But that doesn't change the fact it's a valid comparison, or the two
deductions drawn from it.
If you don't like the face in the mirror you have two choices:
-	Break the mirror
-	Change the face
Precedence: We got away with it yesterday, so we can get away with it
            today.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
      The people are their 'John's'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
You are,
What you do,
When it counts.
      The Msao

@_date: 2001-03-12 18:43:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Consensus? We don't need no stinkin' consensus... 
Resentment? I'm not resentful. I'm engulfed in a melange of shock, horror,
and hillarity. The insanity of man against man, and the hoops they'll jump
through to get satisfaction. After all, it's not entertainment but
satisfaction that is what drives mankind.
What consensus might that be? The 'crypto-anarchy' good-old-boy consensus?
The Freidman'esk "making money justifies all wrongs" contingent? The "It's
wrong they regulate any of my actions, but I'm going to regulate yours."?
team. Or perhaps "I'm too damn lazy to start my own node and take the heat
but I'll sure bitch and whine when others don't do as I say" clan?
There is no authority on 'the' list because there are 8 lists that share a
common backbone (by consensus of the operators, not users, I might add).
The only parties who have authority to impose any sort of list behaviour regulations are the specific operators of those mail reflectors. We have
several that limit what goes out to their subscribers, I don't believe we
have any that limit what their subscribers may submit. However, that is
clearly within the scope of the current agreement. Start a list and filter
both ends. A 2-way list if you will ;)
I would think that a group so sophisticated as you claim to be, and as
motivated by money would recognize the simple dicta "Money speaks". What
you boys are pissed off 'bout is that it's my money doin' the speakin' and
it ain't what ya expected.
The majority of subscribers don't ever post, they sit there and get the
occassional techie item and sit about laughing their asses off. I'm glad
they find joy and humor in this. It is after all hilarious at times.
Do what you will, start your own list, filter me, start another node, keep
bitching. Whatever. If I have something to say I'm going to say it. I'll
do my best to keep it short and too the point. I don't make any promise it
will be related to any point you might have however.
After all, how serious can you take somebody who is more concerned about
the word 'whore' and 'police' in the same sentence than the fact that the
sentence is even being considered at all? Pull your head out of your ass.
If western civilization is going to tumble down because of my .sig then
it's already dead.
    ____________________________________________________________________
      Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
      Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores. The people are       the 'John'. Democracy is dead.
                                   Copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 19:17:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: An observation about 'cypherpunks' 
Out of the half-dozen or so lists I frequent, the 'Cypherpunks' is the
only list where anyone, and I mean anyone, has said anything about my
previous sig, privately or on the list.
I wonder what that says, hmmmmmm......
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 21:14:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: My .sig 
Redundent? I think not. It's critical to catch the three jokes (well
ironies to be technical) buried in there. Think of it as 'humor
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 21:15:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Consensus? We don't need no stinkin' consensus... 
Shit, there's a diff?
Sometimes I sits and think, and somtimes I just sits. I think I'll sits
and think on that one :)
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 21:19:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Psychobabble 
It isn't that you think that I'm nuts that funny.
It's that you think you aren't.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-12 22:31:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested Reading (Sci-fi) 
Bene Brewer
ISBN 0-312-97702-6
Shade's Children
Garth Nix
ISBN 0-06-447196-9
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-13 00:01:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Unix Linux Association Involvement (fwd) 
Pass this baby around!!!!!!!!!!
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
To Whom It May Concern:
My name is Deborah Chen and am writing on behalf of the Unix/Linux
Association (ULA) at The University of Texas at Austin.  We are a new
organization that started last semester dedicated to helping students learn
and apply Unix and Linux.  Currently, our goals are as follows:
1.  To help students learn about Unix/Linux and to promote awareness about
these systems
2.  To create a network of online users to aid other Unix/Linux users
3.  To invite corporate speakers to speak about their user of Unix and Linux
within their business
4.  To push for the active use of Unix and Linux around campus
We have had some speaker sessions including Ken Harker, as well as an
Install Fest, which more than 50 students attended.  We are definitely
excited about the new awareness of Unix and Linux.
In order to reach our goals, we are seeking more speakers specialized in
their knowledge of Unix and/or Linux.  Since our group is extremely diverse
in its skills level of Unix and Linux, we are looking for topics that
generate interest and motivation to learn more about Unix and Linux.  We are
seeking a speaker for our last meeting of the semester on April 23rd.  If
convenient, we would deeply appreciate any help and/or suggestions.  Please
let us know if you are interested in being involved with our organization
and possibly sending a speaker next semester of Fall 2001.
As any new organization, we are also seeking sponsorship.  This will help us
pay for publicity items (such as posters, fliers, etc.) as well as
refreshments (such as pizza during meetings since students tend to come to
meetings that provide food).  Sponsorship will also us to hold larger events
that may allow the involvement of more students and spark more interest.
Thank you so much for your time.  If you have any additional questions
regarding our organization, you may contact me at
Deborah_M_Chen at mail.utexas.edu, or our organization president, Walter Hung
at unixlinuxut at aol.com, or take a look at our temporary website,
  We look forward to any help you may offer.
Please let us know as well if there is anything we can do for you.
Best regards,
Deborah Chen
Corporate Consultant Officer

@_date: 2001-03-13 17:08:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DCSB: (One more time!) Steven Levy; How the Crypto Rebels Won (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 802 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-03-13 21:35:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: remove 
____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-14 17:10:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Re: If law is based on precedence] 
No it isn't. One of the topics of this list is civil liberties.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-14 17:17:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mr. Choate, an important message  from Justice Scalia.... 
The Supreme Court isn't supposed to be interpreting the Constitution per
se, they're supposed to be deciding if laws passed by Congress are
constitutional. Two different animals.
Last time I checked Scalia had no problem ignoring ...shall make no law...
He certainly isn't bitching about the IR search violations of the 4th.
I don't believe he was in the opposition to the 'assisted suicide' ruling
which states that there is no right in the Constition in this regards. In
direct contradiction to both the 9th and 10th.
Scalia is a hypocrite.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-14 17:36:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Interpreting the Constitution 
Per the 10'th: Where in there (ie Section 2 in particular) does it say
that ANY court has the job of determining the meaning of the Constitution?
     ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                Article III.
     Section. 1.
     The judicial Power of the United States shall be vested in one
     supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may
     from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the
     supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good
     Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services
     a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their
     Continuance in Office.
     Section. 2.
     The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity,
     arising under this Constitution, the Laws of the United States,
     and Treaties made, or which shall be made, under their
     Authority;--to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public
     Ministers and Consuls;--to all Cases of admiralty and maritime
     Jurisdiction;--to Controversies to which the United States shall
     be a Party;--to Controversies between two or more States;--
     between a State and Citizens of another State;--between Citizens
     of different States;--between Citizens of the same State claiming
     Lands under Grants of different States, and between a State, or
     the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects.
     In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and
     Consuls, and those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme
     Court shall have original Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases
     before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate
     Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and
     under such Regulations as the Congress shall make.
     The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be
     by Jury; and such Trial shall be held in the State where the said
     Crimes shall have been committed; but when not committed within
     any State, the Trial shall be at such Place or Places as the
     Congress may by Law have directed.
     Section. 3.
     Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying
     War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid
     and Comfort. No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the
     Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act, or on Confession
     in open Court.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-14 18:31:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What Amiee, Declan, Scalia, and the rest of the fascist/socialist , scum forgot 
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more
     perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility,
     provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and
     secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do
     ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of
     America.
The Supreme Court is NOT a representative of the people. Only the people
may decide what the Constitution means. That means there are two and ONLY
two ways to INTERPRET the Constitution,
1.	Congress passes a law they believe is constitutional.
     When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one
     people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them
     with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the
     separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of
     Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of
     mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel
     them to the separation.
     We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created
     equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain
     unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the
     pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments
     are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the
     consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government
     becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People
     to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying
     its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in
     such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their
     Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that
     Governments long established should not be changed for light and
     transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that
     mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable,
     than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are
     accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations,
     pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce
     them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their
     duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for
     their future security.
2.	The people amend the constitution.
Let me quote from one of those founding fathers Scalia is so keen we
follow strictly,
"The earth belongs to the living, not the dead."
                            Thomas Jefferson
They gave us a challenge to live up to, one they had not and could not
have reached, they knew they were only starting the first few steps of a
long(!) winding road.
Are we in the weeds yet?
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-14 18:41:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Re: If law is based on precedence] 
Not related to THIS CDR. THAT list died a horrible and lingering death.
Who gives a fuck what's written at that site. When Igor and I set this
list up when the old list was announced dead we decided we'd do what we
wanted and not what 'they' wanted. We also wanted a way so that no other
list operator ever had to worry about what one or more (or n-1 for that
matter) other list operators THOUGHT the right way to run the list was.
As a result we leave it up to individual operators to decide what goes
into and out of their node, but they may not filter traffic they relay
from other nodes in any way. It's worked pretty damn well I'd say.
I don't believe in the concept of 'control', I see it as an extension of
ego and self-absorption. As a result I don't filter the SSZ node ever for
anything, not my job. I intend, and make public my intentions, to focus on
cryptography, civil liberties, and economics (and related topics). I intend to promote a critical and questioning culture as a consequence.
Money talks, bullshit walks.
"Sacred Cows"? Let's have a bar-b-que boys!...
For more info see:
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-14 21:41:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade 
And of what percentage of the population does this represent?
What are the statistics related to marriage-divorce-remarriage?
What were the economic-social breakdowns?
There are Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics.
Worded as is, this is nothing but spin doctor bullshit. Press always get
technical stuff wrong. Always.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-14 22:41:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Choatian Constitutional Principles & Privacy 
It doesn't have to. I claim the right of 'privacy'
                                Amendment IX
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be
construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
The federal want to regulate it?
                                 Amendment X
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or
to the people.
Private records, public record. That they are records is sufficient,
                                Amendment IV
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated,
and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or
affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the
persons or things to be seized.
My laywer friend here draws a 'false distinction'.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-14 22:52:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The 4th Amendment 
Amendment IV
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated,
and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or
affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the
persons or things to be seized.
The 4th Amendment does not speak to the quality or type of the target of
the search, but rather to the intent to search. The itemized listing is
not meant to enumerate the items covered but rather to demonstrate the
universal range of protected items. The word 'effects' for example is
sufficiently broad in both definition and intent to cover any distinction
of 'private' or 'public'.
Where does the Constitution say anything about 'public' records? The same
argument can be raised there. Was the intent that nothing should receive
protection under the 4th? Hardly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-15 22:02:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fight UCITA in Texas! (fwd) 
You'll find that this works better for you...
---------- Forwarded message ----------

@_date: 2001-03-15 22:50:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: content owners vs. ISPs 
private <> secure.
secure <> restricted
private ~ resticted (stricly speaking, there are levels of restiction)
Your logic is flawed.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-16 07:09:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Now if Gilmore would provide an open phone relay... 
Duh, and how long have I been saying this and being told I'm the idiot
missing the point? As Tim says "Check the archives".
re "Custodiet ipsos Custodes?"
Wonder if he'll be a gentleman and recognize his predecessors on this
matter? Nah, probably not...
[SSZ: Text deleted]
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-16 17:42:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Junior AP 
I'd say daddy did.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-16 17:45:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Did you notice 
In the FBI stats that came out the majority of police officers killed are
killed with their own gun? They'd probably been better served by a
Perhaps we should take guns away from them, then those fine officers would
probably have lived longer.
If you can't trust a weapon to a individual, how can you trust it to a
group of individuals?
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-17 08:53:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: content owners vs. ISPs 
900MHz packet (<$100/site) coupled with Plan 9 is the base you want to
start from using current tech. It will require updating firewall software
so that it also handles bandwidth throttling and fail-over routing.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-20 16:22:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Online  'John  Doe' Case Hailed by Free-Speech Advocates 
More importantly, you can't bring a criminal complaint anonymously...
                                Amendment VI
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-20 17:14:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Online  'John  Doe' Case Hailed by Free-Speech Advocates 
Which raises an interesting point, 'defemation' is presented as a 'crime'
yet it is managed in a 'civil' case, thus denying critical civil liberties
to the person being acted against.
Somebody should look into filing a civil rights case on the
constitutionality of treating a 'crime against a person' (ie ruin their
reputation) as a civil case (ie mainly resolving disputes and assigning
responsibility, not generaly considered crimes.)
Of course it's British history would indicate it was really used by the
rich to punish those less fortunate but verbally active. Aren't laws in
the US supposed to answer to the Constitution and not British legal
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-20 18:45:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Online  'John  Doe' Case Hailed by Free-Speech Advocates 
But there's a primary difference you skim right over....damages.
What is the reason the civil statute exists? Because some 'damage' has
occured. An 'infringement' if you want. The criminal case results from the
'breach of the peace'. The civil case is so the 'defendent' (in this case
the person hit) may recover the cost of living with the consequences of
anothers action upon them (something that is clearly outside the scope of the 'criminal' law).
One question would be "Is it constitutional to apply a civil law which is
meant to work in parallel with a criminal statute by itself?"
Clearly in a country with the 1st you can't sue somebody, civil or
criminal, simply for what they say. You must prove that it is untrue and
has caused damages, irrespective of civil or criminal. The only question
is the standard. As somebody said recently, it's really fraud.
Now how can one, simply by changing the name (fraud -> defemation), move a
criminal offence into a civil tort under the 1st?
Is the standard constitutional? How can the civil crime of 'defemation'
even be brought in a civil court under the 1st? There is clearly no
parallel standard such as 'shouting fire in a theatre' with respect to a
threat to the population in general. The courts have held that the law is
not there specifically to protect the individual, but rather 'society'.
Ultimately the real question is:
Is it constitutional to differentiate the rights with respect to speech
between civil and criminal cases?
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-20 20:00:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Online  'John  Doe' Case Hailed by Free-Speech Advocates 
There are two common (and legally acceptable) definitions for 'civil law'.
The first is any set of law based on Justinian (ie Roman Law) and the
second is non-criminal law.
But let's focus on 'civil action' for a moment, a reasonable definition
for this might be,
A legal proceeding instituted to enforce private, civil right or remedy,
as distinguished from a criminal prosecution.
Now what do each of those first three have in common?
A redress of grievance, a righting of a wrong. The distinction is that it
relates to 'individuals' rather than society as a whole (ie criminal).
Why torts may or may not have been criminilized isn't at issue.
Whether a law violates a civil right guaranteed in the Constitution isn't
predicated upon it being civil or criminal. That it exists is all that is
Where does the Constitution allow common law? [It clearly does but I'd
like to see the spot you believe is the authoritative statement.]
What does it say that common law must be predicated upon?
[Hint: what must ALL US law be predicated upon?]
Does Justinian, or English law qualify?
When did Congress pass such a law?
Now, if Congress can't constitutionaly create criminal law relating to
speech where does it say it allows such an exception for civil? Does
"...shall make no law..." not include civil law? Does the constitution say
"You don't have a right to lie."?
I claim the right to 'lie' (re 9th)
Fed's want to regulate it? (re 10th)
It is clear that regulating speech is NOT prohibited from the states
originaly. However, we now have a specific amendment that spreads those
strictures to the states. So, in a situation where the fed's and the
state's are prohibited, per the 10th, who get's to decide the issue?
Do we have anybody suggesting a 'civil tort exception' amendment?
[ Note that my personal belief is that this is a 'bug' in the
  Constitution, something they didn't intend. I don't think anybody
  even looked at it from that perspective. ]
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-20 21:07:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Online  'John  Doe' Case Hailed by Free-Speech Advocates 
Not at all, the question is what YOU believe. Not what I believe.
Unless you're willing to concede my point now?
I didn't think so. Now, you wanna keep dancin'?
Where in the Constitution is the term 'natural rights' used? The
Declaration of Independence talks of natural rights, and it's not
recognized as a basis for any law. There are two places in the
Constitution that describe how laws will be predicated.
I'm not the one who starting quibling over what 'civil law' meant. You're
the one who brought up the distinction.
My question, and point, still stand.
EXACTLY my point, thank you for recognising it so openly. Now go read the
Constitution about law, and courts. Who in this country is the ONLY two
groups that can make law? One is the states through constitutional
amendments. There's one other and it ain't a court.
[rest of your wanna-be-tricky word play aside]
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-20 21:23:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Hints... 
Section. 1.
     All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a
     Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and
     House of Representatives.
     Section. 8.
     The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties,
     Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common
     Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties,
     Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;
     ...
     To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
     into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested
     by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in
     any Department or Officer thereof.
     Section. 1.
     The judicial Power of the United States shall be vested in one
     supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may
     from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the
     supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good
     Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services
     a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their
     Continuance in Office.
     Section. 2.
     The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity,
     arising under this Constitution, the Laws of the United States,
     and Treaties made, or which shall be made, under their
     Authority;--to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public
     Ministers and Consuls;--to all Cases of admiralty and maritime
     Jurisdiction;--to Controversies to which the United States shall
     be a Party;--to Controversies between two or more States;--
     between a State and Citizens of another State;--between Citizens
     of different States;--between Citizens of the same State claiming
     Lands under Grants of different States, and between a State, or
     the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects.
                                Amendment VII
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty
dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by
a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any Court of the United States,
than according to the rules of the common law.
                                Amendment IX
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be
construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
                                 Amendment X
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or
to the people.
Q: When did Congress pass a law specifically making the 'common law' in
   the 7th Amendment equivalent to English Common Law? And would such a
   law not place a Constitutional filter on the application of such law
   in any case? Once again, why does "...shall make no law..." not
   equate to (common law?) 'Stop' signs?
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-22 06:56:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Did you notice... 
No, Reese, that isn't my contention.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-22 18:18:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Hints... 
No, and you know that. Once the Declaration of Independence was issued and
prior the Constitution each local community and state issued their own
laws, laws that were not English law per se.
Simply saying 'the laws of the US are no made in England' is not the same
as saying there are no laws.
A bullshit strawman.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-22 18:20:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Choatian agriculture 
I didn't introduce it, Amiee did. She gets all the credit.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-22 18:29:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Onlin e  John  Doe' Case Hailed by Free-Speech Advocates 
Clearly not personal experience talking.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-22 21:50:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Choatian agriculture 
A 'tuber' is a swelling on a 'stem' (that in the case of a potato happens
to be underground. A stem is a 'stalk' that bears flowers, fruits, potato
eyes, etc. A stalk is simply a cylindrical 'body' (the thing the xylem and
floem are in). And if you look up 'tuber' and 'potato' you'll find them
listed in 'root and tuber crops'.
You guys failed Botany 101, clearly.
    ____________________________________________________________________
         If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
         not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-29 08:58:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: CNN.com - A real!!! news story... 
Ask yourself this,
Why does CNN have nothing on the 9th Circuit ruling related to 'free speech'
expression of 'violent acts'? Is 'civil liberties' not a news worthy point?
Is the abortion issue not important?
And finally, why will 'independent media' outlets not point this irony out?
     ____________________________________________________________________
          If the law is based on precedence, why is the Constitution
          not the final precedence since it's the primary authority?
        The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
        Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                    .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                            -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
     --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-30 07:25:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SPAM 
You're on the 'wrong' list...
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-30 15:36:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail 
Right, so you'll have dozens of cameras on you.
What you want in this situation is NO WITNESS, not lots of them and
especially not tourists with their 35mm's and the security systems in all
the various stores.
Bus stations, train stations, airports, etc. are the WORST place to meet
in a 'high technology' society. The crowds won't do you any good.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-30 15:50:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
Ah I see. So your editor confused the cpunks printouts you use for TP for
the actual mailing list...a natural mistake for a journalist, they can
never get the quote right :)
And no, I don't think Declan meant anything by 'movement' other than a
shared interest and motivation to participate (and they were saying on the
news just last nite the government wanted their citizens to participate).
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-30 16:11:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail 
I should explain why,
Cameras stop time.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-30 16:35:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: About that 'public' aspect to freedom of the press 
It seems to me that the standard 'a thing is a press and gets 1st
protection if it's publicly accessible' isn't sufficient and may not be
constitutional itself.
The first says the act and the hardware have special priviliges. These
priviliges aren't contengent upon public access or even use. Simple
possession of a press is protected. Now it is clear that a computer is a
'digital press', so shouldn't ALL computers be protected under the 1st?
When we bring the 'public' aspect into it all that happens is we move it
into speech or thought prior to distribution. The 1st says you have a
right to any thought you may desire, and you have a right to share that
thought with others. No if's, no and's, no but's.
If I create a politicaly confrontational poster but at the last minute I
chicken out and put the posters under the table. A cop comes in and finds
them and I am prosecuted, whereas if I had gone ahead and put them up I
would have been protected? I don't think so.
The 1st says '...any...' and that includes drawing distinctions.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-31 09:15:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SPAM 
Hi John,
'mail', 'httpd'? I don't have a clue what the hell you're talking about.
einstein has a 54d19h32m uptime as I write this. None of my services have
been down or non-functional in that time.
You need to have your DNS checked, it's not picking IP's correctly.
Specifically when it is given a name->IP lookup that has two, yes I say
two, IP's provided. einstein is supposed to have two NIC's installed. I
removed one because I isolated my internal network completely because of a
variety of exploits. As a result that IP isn't available and it times out,
your services (be they httpd, mail, or whatever) should then try the
alternate IP. Apparently they're not. It's worth noting that timeout may
be as great as the default 2m high level TCP timeouts.
You can try flushing your DNS cache's and try it again or you could set a
direct IP-hostname link in your /etc/hostname file.
204.96.2.99	einstein.ssz.com	einstein
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-03-31 13:41:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.532 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 532  March 28, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein,
and James Riordon
PROGRAMMABLE BLACK HOLE COMPUTERS.  One usually
thinks of a black hole as an omnivorous object swallowing energy
and spitting some of it back in the form of Hawking evaporation
radiation, consisting of particles created in pairs out of the vacuum
near the edge of the black hole.  In principle, a tiny black hole can
be formed in a way that encodes instructions for performing
calculations.  Correspondingly, the answers could be read out from
the escaping Hawking radiation.  Why use a black hole at all? Because of the presumed  tremendous density of information and
potential processing speed implicit in the extreme black hole
environment.  Seth Lloyd of MIT has previously addressed himself
to calculating the conceivable limits on the computing power of
such a black hole computer (Nature, 31 August 2000) and arrives
at a maximum processing speed of about 10^51 operations/sec for
a 1-kg black hole.  Now Jack Ng of the University of North
Carolina yjng at physics.unc.edu, 919-962-7208) extends this study
by asking whether the very foaminess of spacetime, thought to
arise at the level of 10^-35 m, provides an alternative way to limit
theoretical computation.  Ng not only finds that it does but that the
foaminess of spacetime leads to an uncertainty in timekeeping (the
more accurate the clock, the shorter its
lifetime) which in turn leads to a bound on information processing
(speed and memory simultaneously) analogous to the Heisenberg
bound on simultaneous measurement of momentum and position. These limits are so generous that they normally pose little problem
for ordinary physical measurements, but in the case of black hole
computer the limits would apply immediately.  Ng adds, apropos
of detecting gravity waves with LIGO and other interferometric
devices, that in addition to accounting for various forms of noise,
such as seismic disturbances or thermal noise in the detectors, the
faint gurgle of spacetime foam will eventually have to be  included
as an additional and unavoidable source of noise in the
measurement of very short displacements (the movement of
mirrors owing to the flexings of spacetime brought about by
passing gravity waves).    If Ng is right, the noise sensitivity
achievable by the prospective advanced phase of LIGO will only
need a further hundredfold enhancement in order to detect the
quantum foam, which is to say the very fabric of spacetime.   Thus
the Planck scale, so far only a hypothetical extreme regime, might
eventually become a realm that can be approached and measured.
(Physical Review Letters, 2 April 2001.)
A BOSE EINSTEIN CONDENSATE (BEC) IN HELIUM has
[SSZ: text deleted]
FUSION AVALANCHES.  Providing more than child's play,
[SSZ: text deleted]
CORRECTION:  Researchers at IBM have not yet made an
integrated circuit of carbon nanotubes (Update 531).  Rather,
Phaedon Avouris and Philip Collins of IBM have announced a
scheme for the fabrication of large arrays of nanotubes.  They also
put together one p-type nanotube transistor and one n-type
transistor to form a working logic NOT gate.
    ____________________________________________________________________
       Beware gentle knight, there is no greater monster than reason.
                                             Miguel de Cervantes
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-04 00:04:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
And you're naive.
It appeared extreme to a minority of people then. The fact it happened
once is enough to make sure it DOESN'T happen AGAIN, not even once is
acceptable. Unfortunately this isn't an isolated case. They are not
kicking kids out of school for wearing 'anarchy' t-shirts and wanting to
form an 'anarchy club' in school. Both acceptable behaviour in America
(spelled with a 'c', not a 'k').
Besides, if this guardsman was as naive as you say how did he know who she
was? As I understood it her name was on a list.
Think about that, on a list...
You're an apologistic idiot.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-04 00:13:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Serious charges dropped against firefighters arrested at WTC melee - November 3, 2001 
Good...now let them recover the bodies in a dignified (and timely) manner.

@_date: 2001-11-04 07:34:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
The American system is supposed to PREVENT it from taking place AT ALL.
You're supposed to respect and protect peoples rights up front, not after
they drag your ass into court. That guardsman took an oath to protect and
uphold the Constitution and ONLY follow legal orders.
Detaining or otherwise harrassing anyone for nothing more than their
political views, however objectionable isn't acceptable in this country.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-04 07:36:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
No she didn't. She has a legitimate right to express her political views
of her governments actions with no consequences. This is as silly as the
hassles other people are getting based on their reading material.
You don't seem to understand American freedom either.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-04 07:45:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
Actually I think they first sent out warning, tarred and feathered the
objectionable who ignored it while dumping their property in the local
bay, then they sent out their notes saying "See, we meant it".
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-04 07:59:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: States Devising Plan for High-Tech National Identification Cards (washingtonpost.com) 
I believe the Constitution requires the Feds to be in charge of inter-state
commerce (see definition 2 of that word if you're confused)...

@_date: 2001-11-04 12:50:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
I'd say it was a good litmus test as to who should actually be a police
officer. Anyone who got perturbed by such a comment has zero business
being a law enforcement officer.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-04 14:07:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Soldiers in airports screening-out political  dissidents 
States are prohibited from having troops. Any(!) troops in the US (be they
military, guard, or militia) ARE responsible to Congress and Congress only
until Congress assigns them to the President (and only the President) as
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-04 15:54:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Soldiers in airports screening-out political    dissidents 
I wish....
The point that the government is so far outside the Constitution and any
concept of reasonable 'American democracy' should be obvious, it is
usually the reason folks come here to discuss their different perspectives
of how and why, as well as what to do about it.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-05 23:07:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Distributed code (fwd) 
You might also want to check out the E language .
It offers distributed computation, encrypted communications, public key
based identity, optimistic computation, and event loop concurency.
Cheers - Bill

@_date: 2001-11-06 07:11:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: First Polygraphs and Then Torture? 
But you miss the point as to the meaning of such a decision...
I'll give you a hint...'oath to protect and uphold'...'providing aid and
comfort to the enemy'...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-06 07:13:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Soldiers in airports screening-out political     dissidents 
Exactly, now finish reading THE REST OF THE CONSTITUTION.
There is one, and only one, way that Congress can do that.
People really got to stop taking the Constitution one sentence at a time.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-06 07:23:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Business 'rights' and free markets 
No, you just don't want to admit you have no clue what Hayek was talking
Where it came from is irrelevant.
Hayek refutes it in Chapter 5 himself. Of course it doesn't apply to the
real world because you CAN'T create any of the three minimum conditions
necessary of a free market.
It's why Hayek also introduces the concept of 'imperfect competition'.
You didn't read (understand) Hayek, come on, admit it...
But Hayek draws a distinction, which damns your argument because you
ignore it, between 'competition' and 'information'.
No, it is related to Tim applying his bigotry. In a free market a seller
has a limited number of factors they may consider. Cost to manufacture,
cost at sale, difference in those prices and whether the market level is
enough to stay in business. It's also worth noting that in regard to 'free
market' the 'perfect information' is related to the product and the price
in the market, not the seller or buyers personal beliefs or actions
outside of the economic exchange.
Please provide a quote from Hayek to support your claim of his meaning.
Quid pro quo.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-06 07:29:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Can a 'free market' exist? 
No, the human psychology prevents it.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-06 07:36:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What does 'free market' really! mean? 
Unless you sell hair products, their hair color/style is none of your
Unless you sell clothes, what they wear is none of your business.
Unless they are hungry, what they eat is none of your business.
Unless they want to buy a book, what they read is none of your business.
Unless they threaten the existance of your business, what they do is none
of your business.
The paradoxical/hypocrical nature of the proponents of C-A-C-L theories is
the main sticking point for the theories. A little review will reveal them
to be nothing more than 'freedom for me, not for thee'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-12 18:26:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: List still alive? 
Still here. Can't really say that I've run across anything that isn't
redundent the last couple of days.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-12 20:17:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Sedition 
'Freedom for me, not for thee'
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-19 15:28:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: your mail 
It's a mailing list focused on cryptography, civil liberties, & economics.

@_date: 2001-11-19 21:04:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
It's the recognition that these approaches to social engineering are
united by a shared interest in maximum profit and a failure to take human
psychology as a boundary condition.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-19 21:19:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
Actually it isn't. It isn't equating 'libertarian' with 'anarchy'. They
are seperate lines of thought. However, they do share some fumdamental
goals and world views. A shared set that sets them apart from other
approaches to social engineering (eg socialism, democracy, etc.).
In particular they believe that economics is the 'end'. Other segments see
it as a 'means' or 'mechanism'. It is a critical distinction when it comes
to deciding for whom a society exists and how 'benefit' should be
C-A-C-L's would let people die from thirst before interfering in a 'free
market'. Others would say screw the market and give that man a drink.
Not congruent.
Technology is 'neutral' only within in a 'pure' context. The instant
'psychology' gets injected, as in 'how do I use this?', all bets are off.
Technologies have consequences. The failure of most is in not realizing
the only hope is to discover and distribute as fast as possible. Anything
else leads to failure of the system.
However, as I've said above, it isn't crypto that they share a common
thread on. The social consequences of crypto are debatable only because
it's still a baby...
More an observation of shared motive of a particular segment of the other posts (who self-apply these labels mind you).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-20 06:36:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter  
Then you have missed a fundamental aspect of human society and the
responbility (shades of Hayek) that goes along with it.
Hayek, von Mises, etc. would be disappointed.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:45:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: mapping in the sierras and places west 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:55:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pay to Play in Information Markets 
Ask them how much they'd charge to change their view...
This is silly. Both participants are 'sellers' from the others
perspective. Both are 'buyers' from their own perspective.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:15:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
Everything is a 'survival situation', some are just easier to resolve than
others. False distinction on your part.
Everybody with half an interest in surviving the 'survival situation' most
certainly cares about 'human society'. They have a primary goal.
AVOID DOG-EAT-DOG.
However, CACL doesn't provide a process to do that. When faced with a
crisis situation it jumps right to the 'worst case' result.
The reality is that 'survival situations' are why peoople build societies.
It happens to be why ALL social animals adopted that strategy, by sharing
and cooperating it becomes possible to maximize the number of survivers.
Something that CACL philosophy couldn't care sot about.
The reality is that by refusing to force others to share you in fact
exacerbate your survival situation. You claim that if somebody forces you
it is wrong, yet you seem to believe it's ok to force others.
So much for doing away with 'coercion'. At most CACL philosophy buys a
level or two of indirection with regard to blaim. However, that doesn't
remove the responsibility (re my Hayek quote on that topic a few weeks
CACL, as you clearly demonstrate by your responce, is focused on the 'I'.
Perfect example of why you tend toward CACL philosophy.
And by the way, with no 'human society crap' there isn't any such thing as
'stealing'. There is 'taking' and 'taking against anothers wishes' but
neither of these are 'stealing'.
But you just did with your previous example. It's a perfect example of the
CACL 'Freedom for me, but not for thee'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:21:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter  
Hypocrite. In 'making your own decision' you in effect remove any moral or
ehtical framework from your decision. In fact you are acting upon
'freedom for me, but not for thee'. Why? Because you have set yourself up
as the decider of another fate. Your feelings about letting others make
those sorts of decisions for you are clear.
Or do you hold that 'self-defence' applies only to libertarians?
No, the only solution in Faustines 'survival situation' is to create a
neutral 3rd party that is responsible to all participants. It is not
ethical, or workable, to allow each and all to go their own way.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:22:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: in praise of gold 
They're called 'old maids'. ALL women who are interested in a
'relationship' are 'golddiggers' in the sense they want to 'change' the
other party.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:24:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter  
Yes, look at history. Many if not most reasons for war and such were not,
and are not 'capitalism'. Econimics is NOT the root of human motivation or
Yes, by creating societies with consequences for those who don't conform.
The reality is that one can't escape 'coercion'. Can't be done.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:34:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: in praise of gold 
You should spend some time reading recent work on Chimp and Bonobo packs
and the inter-pack shenanigans the females go through (as well as the
mapping to human behaviour).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:40:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: reputation capital in rodentia 
They did no such thing. In order for 'reputation' to happen in the
context of human society one would have to prove that squirrels have a
sense of 'I'. I'll leave the current research and a few minutes of
personal time with a rodent speak for that aspect.
Further, correlation <> reputation.
For example, how long after a given squirrel dedides to ignore a
particular alarm cry does the alarm cry still work? One day, two? A week?
More importantly, how many squirrels on average does a squirrel ask before
it ignores the cry?
Crap study, crap interpretation.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:42:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
And for as many years many of us have seen that it's not as useful as it
would first seem. The reality is that trust isn't transitive and as a
result reputation isn't either.
It may be 'easily understood', but it's also easily misunderstood (by
Reputation itself is a problem. Past behaviour (toward another) is not a
reasonable predictor of future behavior (toward myself).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:43:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
If you use the work 'reputation' to mean that the past behaviour is a
reasonable indicator of future behavior (as most CACL use it) then it is
most certainly a shared hallucination.
In fact it's not even 'economic', it's 'emotional' in nature.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:44:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
You misrepresent, governments don't (in general) make 'arbitrary
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:52:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
You're going to learn something else. Once squirrels grow up they don't
look to 'other' squirrels for behaviour. It's already set.
Squirrels can't learn to solve problems by watching other squirrels.
Outside of birds and people, there aren't a lot of animals outside of
primates and cetacians that do learn by observation (and this can be, and
has been, proven by observation).
At most a given squirrel is doing a correlation analysis on whether they
(and I challenge you to demonstrate a squirrel has an 'I', which is
necessary before they can have a 'they') see a problem or not. After
enough false alarms the squirrel HABITUATES and ceases to respond to that
call FOR A SHORT TIME PERIOD. You can also find may studies on this
involving Meerkats and Chimps (there are lots of studies of chimps - three
calls - snake, cheetah, bird).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 21:53:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "It's Proto-Indo-European for "money" " 
Like Korean (but not other oriental languages).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 22:00:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.566 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 566  November 21, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben
Stein, and James Riordon
HIDDEN OBJECTS REVEALED WITH QUANTUM
HOLOGRAPHY. Second sight and remote viewing are terms used
to explain charlatans' supposed psychic ability to see hidden
objects in terms of pseudoscientific gibberish. Quantum
holography, on the other hand, is a method firmly grounded in
modern physics that permits the imaging of hidden objects with
entangled photons. Of the quantum entanglement phenomena that
Einstein described as "spooky action at a distance," quantum
holography may be the spookiest to date.  Researchers at Boston
University's Quantum Imaging Laboratory (Bahaa Saleh,
617-353-7176, besaleh at bu.edu) propose to create holographic
images of objects concealed in a spherical chamber. Ideally, a
small opening in the chamber wall permits light to enter, but lets
no light out. The photons in a beam of light directed through the
hole scatter from the enclosed object, and ultimately strike the
inner wall of the chamber (see figure at
  According to the scheme, the inside
of chamber would be designed to detect the time when a photon
hits the wall but not where it hits.  Classically, there is no way to
generate an image of an object with this sort of configuration.
Quantum mechanically, however, it's possible to build a hologram
of the hidden object provided that the photons in the illuminating
beam are entangled with photons in another beam.  Each photon in
an entangled pair has properties (such as momentum or
polarization) that are unknown until a measurement is performed
on one photon or the other. When a property of one of the photons
is measured, corresponding information about its entangled mate is
instantly determined. That may seem spooky enough, but in
quantum holography, things get spookier still.  Holograms are
typically constructed with interfering beams of light, which
provides more information about a subject than simple
illumination can. The additional information helps build a three
dimensional image of a three dimensional object.   In quantum
holography, the researchers measure the simultaneous arrivals of
an illuminating photon that is sent into the chamber and a
companion photon in the other entangled beam.  This measurement
tells the researchers about the interference of various possible
paths that the single photon inside the chamber could travel. And
it's the interference of the possible paths that encodes the
holographic image of the hidden object. Very spooky indeed.  For
the moment, quantum holography exists only on paper. But the
researchers assert that there are no technological obstacles to the
proposal, and they hope to begin building an experimental system
soon. (Ayman F. Abouraddy, Bahaa E. A. Saleh, Alexander V.
Sergienko, and Malvin C. Teich, Optics Express, 5 November
PUZZLING NEUTRINO RESULTS AT FERMILAB.  Particle
[SSZ: Text deleted]

@_date: 2001-11-26 22:04:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pricing spare resources and options? 
This means nothing, it is self-referential. As a result the rest of the
points you make suffer.
One can define the 'price' and how it gets there from two perspectives.
The first is the seller, the second in the buyer. The sellers position as
to why they accepted a particular prices is actually much easier to
analyze then the purchasers rationale (the reason is there are
non-economic issues involved).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 22:06:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: in praise of gold 
Actually it isn't 'across the board', there is a bail out clause.
No particular one, let's just say that 20 years ago when I was a lot
younger and sillier I did some extensive social experimentation.
And no bitterness at all; just clear rational observation (it's also based
on the biology but that's a seperate and less fun issue).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 22:08:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.565 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 565  November 14, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein, and
James Riordon
QUANTUM ACOUSTICS.   The flatland world of electrons
[SSZ: Text deleted]
SINGING LIKE A CANARY requires little thought, but simple
actions, to yield complex vocal physics, researchers have found,
yielding potential insights into how humans generate speech
sounds.  Human speech and the songs of many bird species share a
central similarity: the skills are not present at birth, but are only
learned through early-life experiences.  To determine how brain
activity leads to the production of sound, scientists strive to
understand how much of the sound comes from complicated
instructions from the brain and how much comes from complex
physics of vocal organs.  Now, a US-Argentina research
collaboration (Gabriel Mindlin, University of Buenos Aires,
Gabriel at birkhoff.df.uba.ar) has designed a simple physical model
that accurately reproduces notes of a canary song.  The researchers
modeled the canary's vocal organ, called the syrinx.  According to
previous experimental evidence, the syrinx generates sound
through vibrations of its labial "folds"---flaps of tissue which open
and close the air passage between the throat and the lungs.  In their
model, the researchers make the key assumption that these labial
folds behave like a simple spring, moving back and forth to change
the size of the air passage.  They further assume that a canary
controls its vocalizations through two actions: changing the
pressure of the air from the lungs and using muscles to modify the
stiffness of the folds. By varying these two parameters, the
researchers found that the spring-like labia could produce faithful
recreations of three canary notes.  Therefore, simple changes to a
basic system, rather than sophisticated instructions from the brain,
can reproduce the rich, complex vocal physics which give rise to
complicated sounds. (Gardner et al., Physical Review Letters, 12
November 2001)
THE FEMTOSECOND DELAY IN THE ADVENT OF collective
[SSZ: Text deleted]

@_date: 2001-11-26 22:23:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
A bunch, something like 5000 years of recorded history.
Please demonstrate a government that in general make 'arbitrary decision'.
Not that doesn't mean decisions you don't like, or reasons you don't like.
Just plain simple arbitrary decisions.
A governments job is to do whatever it's chartered to do. If it works it
lasts longer, if it fails it doesn't last as long.
You're free to hypothesize to your hearts and brains content. Fortunately
a hypothesis is worthless until it's tested.
Where's your data?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:13:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Drivers License as ID Card 
Fortunately it will be found unconstitutional, states can't make treaties
and such between themselves.
     Section. 10.
     No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation;
     grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of
     Credit; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in
     Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Law,
     or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any Title
     of Nobility.
     No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any
     Imposts or Duties on Imports or Exports, except what may be
     absolutely necessary for executing it's inspection Laws: and the
     net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by any State on
     Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the
     United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision
     and Controul of the Congress.
     No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any Duty of
     Tonnage, keep Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into
     any Agreement or Compact with another State, or with a foreign
     Power, or engage in War, unless actually invaded, or in such
     imminent Danger as will not admit of delay.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:26:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
Of course people want to take advantage of others. This realization is
what is behind the CACL objection to 'government' (which after all is an
emergent behaviour - ponder that one for a moment and your thrill may fall
away quickly). Their failure is recognizing that the 'government' is
itself an emergent behaviour (albeit an intentional one now - one can't
really speak to how they first came about, it very well could have been
very ant-like with respect to large family groups).
Actually it isn't a well made point at all. To compare programmed
behaviour and biological caste systems to a bunch of humans with
self-referential views is the worst case of begging the question. He's
certainly made a hypothesis, no evidence has been forthcoming for it and
there is a very large body that would argue against it.
In addition, emergent behavior may or may not actually help the individual
components of the population. Remember the concept of 'evolution'. To get
the ants and bees we have now required a bunch of ants and bees which
didn't survive because their programming didn't work. It's also worth
noting that the understanding we have of emergent systems are for
reletively simple systems. Something that can't be said about any group of
humans irrespective of size. This 'evolution' argument could actually be
used against CACL theories because governments didn't always exist, at
some point they emerged.
Sunders comparison is fundamentaly flawed, the only thing he hit on the
head was himself.
Altruistism is cloaked self-interest. The only reason one helps another is
because at some level it helps themselves (you can talk about % of genes
passed to next generations, getting laid after the prom, or you can talk
about helping another buy a car and getting rides as a result - makes no
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:33:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Drivers License as ID Card 
It certainly will at some point if they didn't get Congressional
I get it from actually reading the Constitution. You might try it
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:37:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: History of Port Authority of New York and New Jersey 
What do you know, they did go through Congress just like the Constitution

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:39:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Drivers License as ID Card 
Keep reading until you get to the part of about it forming under a compact
allowed by the Constitution...it's a couple of more para's down. It's
interesting that you didn't include that little snippet...
I think somebody owes me an apology. Though I won't hold my breath, I hate
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:47:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why encrypt 
A removable hard drive is a better argument and a lot cheaper.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 17:15:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SURRENDER DOROTHY! 
You've made a big enough fool of yourself on this point.
As my original statement (which I thank you for providing) specifically
says 'between themselves'.
Reading comprehension reaches a new low (for you anyway).
Now, can you live up to your own last sentence?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 17:21:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Michigan Asks Arabs to Come for Questioning 
No, it won't. It won't receive any more regulation than it has now. In
fact, over the next couple of years you'll see the recognition of computer
code in all forms recognized as 'speech'. You will also find that the IP
problems we're currently facing will be found to be unworkable and a more
liberal mechanism will be instituted. In parallel with this will be the
growth of both wireless and private networks that will further complicate
attempts by any party to snoop without permission (crypto will be a major
factor of course).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 17:23:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
non-zero sum games.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 17:34:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SURRENDER DOROTHY! 
Not without congressional approval. No, I didn't say it, the Constitution
says that unless Congress has a say states can't play with each other.
As to altering your assertion, it most certainly does.
Please provide a state compact that doesn't involve Congress. All the ones
you provided as examples before don't qualify except under my statement.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 18:01:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Drivers License as ID Card 
The problem, there is no real support. If Congress was so motivated they
could do it themselves and they haven't, not like they haven't been
trying. I don't consider 'National ID Cards' a major problem, more like
flash/bangs to distract your attention.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 18:27:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The times, they are a changin'...and so is SSZ...Open Forge? 
Just a heads up on some basic changes that will significantly effect each
and every one of you. We are undergoing a fundamental change in direction
and goals. We are going to start a Linux/Plan 9 based source forge which
includes hardware as well as software. The tools will be Open Source. We
will offer closed source licenses as well. We will continue the on-site
service, still 24*365 (at varying rates), and development services. A
fundamental change will be the majority of SSZ services will move to
open-forge.org or open-forge.com. We're also adding visual graphics arts,
focused on web pages and limited length animations. Club Inferno, The CDR,
& Austin Cypherpunks will not move from ssz.com however. Our other mailing
lists will move to open-forge.org in early Jan. 2002.
The network will be more complex than my current single site. It will
consist of three (3) seperate physical sites (N. Austin, C. Austin,
Elgin). The N. Austin site will host a T-1. This will be fed by ISDN to
the current SSZ site (about 10 miles away). Elgin (about 30 miles away) will consist of a ISDN link to the T-1 site as well. There is a potential
for a site in Leander (about 20 miles) sometime next year - no promises.
We will build a Plan 9 based network for Hangar 18 that will be available
for public use.
This means that sometime in mid-Dec. of this year we'll be moving to a
T-1. There may be a few of days of flaky service and then we should have
it worked out. We apologize for any problems or inconveniences this may
cause. We won't drop the current ISDN link until the T-1 is working so we should at most have a day or two of downtime (hopefully I can do the
swap in a couple of hours).
These sites will offer 802.11a/b wireless acess as well as 56k dial-in
services. The dial-in services will not be offered to the clients or
Hangar 18 (we're not a ISP, sorry). The wireless resources will be
accessed through accounts setup under Hangar 18. We currently have a
single AP up on N. 183 behind Target (irrelevant to non-Austinites) but it
is not set for outside access at this time.
More to come, I promise...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-28 16:09:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Drivers License as ID Card 
Actually it wouldn't be. Compare and contrast national ID cards developed
and authorized by Congress and the President, and then consider ID cards
managed by the states but authorized by Congress and the President.
To take your position seriously you need to provide a reasonable answer to
the following question.
Why would Congress/President not invoke a National ID card themselves
while allowing the states to do it with their permission? Why would
Congress/President hand power over to the states they didn't want to
exercise themselves?
Answer: They won't.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-28 16:22:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
This is hardly equitable to an abandonment of free speech, nobody told him
he couldn't sell his book in general, only at their gun show.
Nothing wrong with that, one has a right until it effects another (and the
other is the one who decides). See democracy does work.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-28 16:38:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: States Rights & National ID's 
It has been posited that the fed's would allow the states to form a
compact with respect to sharing data between states, basically because the
Republicans believe in states rights.
This doesn't hold water.
When one speaks of 'states rights' it references the ability of the state
to act autonamously and decide their own policies INTERNALLY; not to act
as a parallel federal agency. This is clearly not an internal issue. Further, a considerable percentage of Congress and the President have come
out (lukewarmly) against the idea.
When coupled with the growing concern over the abandonment by the
executive of current legal process (eg military trials for civilian
crimes) and the fact that Congress has not declared war the
Executive/Congress will find it harder in coming days to see 'eye to eye'.
This will make it even harder for an agreement to be reached.
 Personal prediction: Ashcroft will be history within 12-24 months. He
 will either step down because of a 'or else' situation or he will be
 found in contempt of Congress for refusing to provide the requested
 information and justification. The Executive is NOT the primary authority
 at the federal level, the Congress is. The Executive seems to have
 forgotten that.
 It would not surprise me if within 5-10 years we don't see a new
 Amendment better defining these relationships.
 Last nite on PBS there was a show where a congressman and an executive
 representative discussed the current situation. The congressman actually
 quoted the 6th. The reaction of the executive rep was stone faced silent
 anger. The congressman basically ripped him a new butthole. I only got
 to see about 10 minutes of it and I don't know the shows name.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-28 17:02:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Leahy is now an Enemy of the State 
Couple this with a growing resistance by the states to cooperate in
fishing expeditions...

@_date: 2001-11-28 17:43:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Limbaugh: Bush's FDR Example (washingtonpost.com) 
As usual the ditto head doesn't seem to grasp that 'magnitude' isn't the
issue, it's that it happens at all.

@_date: 2001-11-28 19:31:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [psychohistory] media bias (fwd) 
Reply-To: psychohistory at yahoogroups.com
This advice to journalists might also be helpful to
A Yugoslav Journalist's Advice to U.S. Media Jasmina Teodosijevic-Ryan, TomPaine.com
November 7, 2001
How and when does journalism become propaganda? As a
writer, broadcaster and media analyst from the former
Yugoslavia, I have observed the process first-hand. It
starts slowly, then spreads like a stain. The transformation from objective journalism to
propaganda begins with the addition of adjectives when
referring to the other side. The "enemy" becomes
"merciless" or "hate-filled". Then comes the shaping,
cutting and editing reports to benefit one side. "Our"
victims have names, faces and grieving families; they
must be avenged. "Theirs" do not exist. When
journalists say "we" to refer to "their" side's
military force, they've crossed the decisive bright
line into nonprofessional territory. I analyzed both Serbian and Kosovo Albanian media for
the London-based Institute for War and Peace Reporting
during the months of high violence in Kosovo in
1998-1999. Most striking was the similarity of
language and models that the biased media of both
sides were using to demonize and dehumanize the
"others." "Murderers", "death squads", "terrorists"
and "zlocinci" (evildoers) were always on the other
side. One of those media was Radio-Television of Serbia,
which strongly supported the policy of former
president Milosevic, and helped him remain in power by
falsifying the news and manipulating public opinion.
Their studios were bombed during the NATO air-strikes
on Yugoslavia in 1999, and 16 young staffers died
there. International organizations protested NATO's
hitting this seemingly-civilian target. NATO's
officials responded that Radio-Television of Serbia
were a part of Milosevic's war propaganda machine, and
as thus, a legitimate military target. One wonders how
would NATO have reacted if Milosevic had the power to
rocket Fox News or CNN. We usually connect propaganda to totalitarian regimes
and undemocratic societies. But recently, when major
American broadcast networks decided to edit bin
Laden's statements in response to a government
request, I saw U.S. media abandoning the main
principles of journalism. Until then, I had explained
away the unprofessional mistakes I'd observed as
understandable outbursts of emotion in the aftermath
of September 11th. But then I read CBS president
Andrew Heyward's explanation about the decision to
censor bin Laden: "Given the historic events we are
enmeshed in, it's appropriate to explore new ways of
fulfilling our responsibilities to the public." Farewell to the media responsibility to fully and
impartially inform the public! Who really believes
that the government instruction to reduce coverage of
bin Laden was for the public benefit? I think the
government's main concern was not that bin Laden might
send "secret messages" through U.S. television, but
that his arguments were more complex that the
caricature they wished to sell to the public. In times of turbulence and war, when passions and
emotions prevail over reason, journalists are
pressured from all sides, even by their own emotions.
Slowly and imperceptibly, they can slide from
professionalism into political marketing. Aware of
that, I developed a set of simple reminders for
myself, that might be useful to other colleagues when
navigating in these choppy waters. -Always remain a third party. No war is "your" war. - Resist free advice from the government. Preserve
your skepticism. -Treat the victims on all sides with respect. All
human beings have faces and families. No one should be
dehumanized as "collateral damage." -And, finally, in whatever ways you can manage to,
observe propagandist media on the other side. Do you
look like them? Have you become a soldier of your own
propagandist army? It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them. -- Alfred Adler
We evaluate others with a Godlike justice, but we want them to evaluate us with a Godlike compassion. -- Sydney J. Harris
Do You Yahoo!?
Find a job, post your resume.
to unsubscribe from this group, send a blank message to mailto:psychohistory-unsubscribe at egroups.com

@_date: 2001-11-28 22:30:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | DMCA 2, Freedom 0 
[When did ThinkGeek start selling 'Cypherpunk' T-shirts?]

@_date: 2001-11-29 13:49:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
Bullshit. Any time ANY(!!!) party interferes with your free expression it
is censorship.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 14:08:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: playstation? play dead.  
And a lot of times being 'smart' doesn't help either. It is a question of
how long or when, not if.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 14:48:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: R.I.P. Cypherpunks 
Somebody should tell the other seven (7) nodes (on 2 continents).
The reality is we declared the founder and his list dead long ago. Wonder
if they'd print that...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 16:20:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: R.I.P. Cypherpunks 
I guess I'm humor impaired :)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 16:34:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rumors of the death of Cypherpunks are greatly exaggerated 
Fact is, this is revisionist crap.
They closed the original list. Members (none of the original founders
including Timmy) decided that this was not acceptable so they fixed the
problem of having any one person in charge of the list. In the process the
new lists decided to broaden the topics to crypto, civil liberties, and
economics since these topics have always been hot on the list.
Rich, motivated guy like yourself could start their own Cypherpunks list
with no hassle and minimum cost. It's interesting that you bitch about
what other people do with their list but you don't have the gumption to do
anything about it (just like when the original list you helped found
floundered because of incompetent handling).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 17:46:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Calif's online birth records questioned (ID, privacy, etc) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 18:41:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
What's your number?
People don't think of themselves as a '5'. Even Hitler thought he was
the good guy in the fight.
'good', 'bad', etc. are most certainly NOT scalar.
It solves nothing, it adds a redundent factor that does nothing but
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 18:43:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
Stanley G. Weinbaum
"A Martian Odyssey"
Tweel, where are you?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 19:03:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
See srl.org.
In particular, the natural gas gun they used in the 97 show here in
Austin. It certainly didn't have a problem blowing the tops of the trees
out several hundred yards away (and that was with the slug of air it ejected - as it moved through the smoke you could see the donut ring
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 22:36:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
Too cool...I love (pseudo/light regulation) free market economics :)
How does it go?
"The street finds its own uses for technology."
                              W. Gibson
ps What kind of bookstore would have books about von Mises' life and
economic philosophy in their economic section but wouldn't actually carry
any of his work, what's up with that...Barnes & Nobles?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 22:38:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rumors of the death of Cypherpunks are greatly exaggerated 
But Joe Random isn't a Cypherpunks Leader...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 22:39:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Hitler didn't value his reputation, he was Hitler. What he did was
justified. He was an angel among men.
There's a moral in there if you look for it.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 22:57:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: in praise of gold 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 23:11:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rumors of the death of Cypherpunks are greatly exaggerated 
That was my feeling as well...:)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 23:12:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Hey HavenCo!!! (was Re: More damage to...) 
Think they'd host a CDR node?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 00:10:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cryptoheaven.com (fwd) 
I haven't seen mention of this on the mailing list and it is new enough
that it doesn't show up in a google search as of the moment I am typing
Looking at  it appears they provide anonymous
encrypted services including email, instant messaging (chat), and server
based file storage. Their client code is open source Java. They appear
to use standard algorithms. They are based in Canada. The services are
free at small volumes (supposedly suitable for ordinary personal use)
and for fee at higher volumes.
I only know what I see on their website. Has anyone else heard of these
 -- sidney

@_date: 2001-11-30 17:58:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
No, that's trespass.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 17:59:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rumors of the death of Cypherpunks are greatly exaggerated 
Couldn't tell it from the press releases.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:01:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Bush defends tribunals, saying 'we're at war' -November  29, 2001 
That in itself isn't constitutional. Congress MUST!!! vote for, otherwise
it is an automatic nay.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:08:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rumors of the death of Cypherpunks are greatly exaggerated 
And yet you were the one trying to take the old soda homepage as current
gospel for the list...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:11:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: theft (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I'm in search for one of your representatives, or National Security.  I have been able to read Thommy Thompson III's mind.  I showed up at Jaguar Glass, in Eugene, Oregon and let him know about the money that he stole from government agencies, including the FBI, which ironically protects him.  He thought I was undercover or believed I was a human computer; which he still may believe. He witnesses that his computers talk to me, as if I were one of them.  I can tell what program his computers are on and what they are interlocking with most of the time.  He gave me a 400 million dollar check that day, as I sat there reading his mind explaining to him what I knew.  At that point he had 8-10 billion dollars of government money/funding hidden away.  But after the planes went down he stole over a 100 billion. He used Mike's pin#  and password to get into National Security.  He helped himself into instruments and institutions, and began using them incorrectly and illegally. I am offering National Security or any Representative a lot of my money to help me put this man away.  It seems he is being protected by the forces I need.  He is station  of the HAARP Project and I'm in search for anyone ready to earn a lot of money; for actually representing the United States of America the Right Way.
He's been looking into the minds of his people and brainwashing them, so he will not be seen.  I can read his mind faster than any instrument, and ironically he seems he has to answer my questions like I was a machine. When I listen, I can hear him telling people he's playing God and to digest this information; or to Change their mind. Another one he uses, line one--, line two--, line three--, Lock and Load, which also seems to convince people that he is innocent.  He changes the information nightly so he won't be seen, for he is a computer programmer as you will soon see.  I've even tried try to get the HAARP to tune into me, so they could see me which would see him. This is just the beginning of what I know.  Eugene, Oregon's FBI seem to be full of idiots or his "Change Your mind Method" is working pretty damn good.  Right now I get denied as they listen to him and not me. But COME ON PEOPLE, He wrote me a $400 Million dollar check. (SO, WAKE UP!  FBI, because you are obviously, virtually blind),. This Nation seems to be lacking people like me.  That can discover people like Thommy Thompson III and his black market industry. Thank you,
Milissa Montalbano ( 28 years Old )
2145 Klamath St.
Roseburg, Oregon 97470
Montalbano_Milissa at Hotmail.com

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:14:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cybersecurity chief says he doesn't want to change crypto rules -- yet (fwd) 
Digital Bearer Settlement List , dcsb at ai.mit.edu
  Daily Briefing  November 26, 2001
Cybersecurity chief pushes early-warning system
By Bara Vaida, National Journal's Technology Daily
The top priorities for the White House Office of Cyberspace Security
include the creation of both an early-warning network for cyberattacks and
an analysis center that would help the government target the most
vulnerable points in the nation's critical infrastructure, the office's
chief said last week in an interview with National Journal's Technology
Richard Clarke, special adviser on cyberspace security to President Bush,
said the early-warning network, called the Cyber Warning and Information
Network (CWIN), would at first be a voice system that would link major
computer-network operation centers and the information-sharing and
assurance centers (ISACs) that represent critical infrastructure sectors,
such as financial services, telecommunications and transportation.
CWIN would be modeled after the existing National Operations and
Intelligence Watch Offices Network, which connects senior officials at the
Pentagon, the National Security Agency, the White House, the State
Department and the CIA by phone within 15 seconds.
"Let's say someone [in the private sector] sees 'Nimda' [a computer virus]
spiking," Clarke said in describing how CWIN would work. "They can pick up
the phone and get most of the people that need to know right away.
"This is a case where the government doesn't know best or first," he added.
"So you need a public-private partnership to reach out to these nodes in
the private sector ...that see viruses first, that see the tsunamis of
denial-of-service attacks first."
Clarke also is working on building the National Infrastructure Simulation
and Analysis Center authorized under the section 1016 of the anti-terrorism
law that Bush signed into law last month. The center was authorized to
receive $20 million through the Defense Department and would create a
simulated model of the Internet, the nation's telecom system and its
physical infrastructure. The goal is to enhance understanding of how the
systems interact and to mitigate vulnerabilities.
"There really is no place today where there is a live model of the
Internet, and we want to model the interactions and interdependencies
between the Internet, the telephone networks, the electric power grid,"
Clarke said. "The way I describe it is [that] we need an 'acupuncture map'
of the U.S. You know, where are the pressure points?"
Developing a model also may help Clarke to articulate his message that
private-sector companies need to analyze their computer-security
"The lesson I'm trying to get out to people ... is that we need to
understand what the worst-case scenario is and then do prudent risk
management so that you mitigate those possibilities," he said.
In addition, Clarke said Bush supports legislation by Sen. Robert Bennett,
R-Utah, that would exempt businesses from the Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) when they share computer-security information with the government.
Clarke said he has talked to lawmakers on the issue.
On encryption, Clarke said he has no plans to change current U.S. policy,
though some people on the Hill wanted to reopen the issue after the Sept.
11 terrorist attacks.
Brought to you by GovExec.com

@_date: 2001-10-02 17:54:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Stegdetect 0.3 released (fwd) 
Stegdetect 0.3 contains Stegbreak, a tool for launching dictionary
attacks against the following steganographic systems: JSteg-Shell,
JPHide and OutGuess 0.13b
You can download Stegdetect from
  More details about the steganography detection framework can be found
in the CITI tech report "Detecting Steganographic Content on the
Internet" at
    Niels.

@_date: 2001-10-02 18:04:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: America needs an enema... 
No, such a policy is nothing more than 'might makes right' and 'mob rule'
in the worst sort of way. What makes your 'oppression' any diffrent than
theirs?      When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one
     people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them
     with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the
     separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of
     Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of
     mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel
     them to the separation.
     We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created
     equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain
     unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the
     pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments
     are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the
     consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government
     becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People
     to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying
     its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in
     such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their
     Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that
     Governments long established should not be changed for light and
     transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that
     mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable,
     than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are
     accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations,
     pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce
     them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their
     duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for
     their future security....
That's an assertion not a 'fact'. I look forward to your 'proof'. You
might start with Arrow's Impossibility Theorem and work from there.
Somebody around here doesn't understand the concept of 'freedom of
choice'. It is based around a incorrect understanding of 'citizen' and
'government'. To say 'all government' is abusive is to state in equivalent
terms 'all people' are abusive.
You make a distinction between 'people' and 'government' that is not
warranted by the facts.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-03 17:03:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR Anonymizer (fwd) 
I think that is remailer software dependent. I can say that the SSZ CDR
doesn't over-write the To: field on resend. lne apparently does. Might
talk to the list op and see if they have a strong feel one way or t'other.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-03 17:13:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The problem with governments to date... 
They all seek to obtain 'absolute authority'; the problem is there isn't
any such thing...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-15 16:35:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | First Steganographic Image Found In The Wild NOT 
Somebody has a bee up their butt today...
The commentary was WHY I posted it.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:18:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The "traitor" fires back 
Try a history book on women rights, or better yet look into some of the
studies about African and S. American beliefs.
In short, read some history. You'll find that this isn't out of the
ordinary at all.
"Barefoot and pregnant"...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:52:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Detainees, Personal Libertarianism, and Vengeance 
Once again Tim shows how little he really does understand...
'their' rights ARE 'your' rights.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-17 21:12:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
Bruce Lee
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-18 07:48:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fact Sheet: Chemical - Biological Agents (fwd) 
U.S. Department of State
Washington, D.C.
FACT SHEET
CHEMICAL - BIOLOGICAL AGENTS
The recent terrorist threats and confirmed cases of exposure to anthrax have
caused an increase in anxiety over the possibility of chemical and
biological attacks (CBA).  Currently, the method of delivery of anthrax has
been by letter or package.  While the risk of such attacks is limited, it
cannot be excluded.  As always, the Department will promptly share with
American citizens overseas any credible information about threats to their
safety.  Americans should stay informed and be prepared for any eventuality.
In 1999, the Department of Defense announced its intention to commence the
Family and Force Protection Initiative (FFPI) in order to provide enhanced
protection to the dependents of U.S. military service members and to
civilian Department of Defense (DOD) employees and their families. This
program was first implemented for U.S. Forces Korea.
The Department of State has had a chemical and biological countermeasure
program since 1998, when it began to deploy chemical antidotes and
antibiotics to selected posts abroad.   While we have no information to
indicate there is an imminent threat from use of anthrax or other biological
agents as a weapon against our overseas missions at this time, the
Department is expanding its countermeasure program.   As a precaution, the
Department requested our missions overseas to stock a three-day supply of
the antibiotic ciprofloxacin for all individuals who work in or frequent the
This small supply of ciprofloxacin is being pre-positioned to ensure rapid
access to this protective antibiotic for our employees in case of an Anthrax
exposure in an overseas USG facility and would allow the mission sufficient
time to provide access to care for all individuals exposed while securing
additional supplies of antibiotics.  Once an exposure is suspected, all
individuals who had been exposed in our workplace would be provided
antibiotics pending a full investigation of the exposure. This would include
any private American citizen present in the facility at the time of
Again, if the Department becomes aware of any specific and credible threat
to the safety and security of American citizens abroad, that information
will be provided to them promptly.
Exposures to CBA that occur outside USG facilities would require the
involvement of local public health authorities who would provide information
and if necessary, protective antibiotics to the general public.
Ciprofloxacin and other antibiotics effective against Anthrax, including
doxycycline and amoxicillin are available with a prescription in most
pharmacies throughout the world.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is the lead government
agency on infectious diseases, including chemical/biological agents (CBA).
For detailed information on CBA, including Anthrax, inquirers are referred
to the CDC Internet home page at  The CDC's international
travelers hotline telephone number is 1-877-FYI-TRIP (1-877-394-8747);
fax: 1-888-CDC-FAXX (1-888-232-3299).
As always, American citizens should review their own personal security
situations and take those precautions they deem appropriate to ensure their
Some general information on chemical-biological agents (CBA) follows:
A.      Biological agents can be dispersed by an aerosol spray that must be
inhaled. However, these agents can also be used to contaminate food, water
and other products. Attention to basic food hygiene when traveling abroad is
very important.
A.      Some chemical agents may be volatile--evaporating rapidly to form
clouds of agent. Others may be persistent. These agents may act directly on
the skin, lungs, eyes, respiratory tract or be absorbed through your skin
and lungs causing injury.  Choking and nerve agents damage the soft tissue
in these organs.
A.      When properly used, appropriate masks are effective protection to
prevent the inhalation of either biological or chemical agents; however this
assumes an adequate warning. Gas masks alone do not protect against agents
that act through skin absorption.  Those who wish to acquire protective
equipment for personal use should contact commercial vendors.
A.      There is an incubation period after exposure to biological agents.
It is essential that you seek appropriate care for illnesses acquired while
traveling abroad to assure prompt diagnosis and treatment.
A.      One of the biological warfare agents is the spore-forming bacterium
that causes Anthrax, an acute infectious disease.  It should be noted,
however, that effective dispersal of the Anthrax bacteria is difficult.
*       Anthrax is treatable if that treatment is initiated promptly after
exposure. The post-exposure treatment consists of certain antibiotics
administered in combination with the vaccine.
*       An anthrax vaccine that confers protective immunity does exist, but
is not readily available to private parties.  Efficacy and safety of use of
this vaccine for persons under 18 or over 65 and pregnant women have not
been determined.
*       The anthrax vaccine is produced exclusively by Bioport under
contract to the Department of Defense.  Virtually all vaccine produced in
the United States is under Defense Department contract primarily for
military use and a small number of other official government uses.
*       For additional information, please consult your health care provider
or local health authority.
                                October 2001
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2001-10-20 12:06:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ridge is lying, spores are pro 
And to resist antibiotics.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-20 17:18:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
This isn't 'government' (statist or otherwise), it's human psychology.
The bottom line is there is always some segement of any(!) human
population that thinks their 'better', 'smarter', etc. And they will act,
irrespective of the form of social structure they may be in.
This is the fundamental failure of all CACL theory. It draws a false
distinction between 'government' and 'people'. It's a simple failure of
logic, imagination, and maturity.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-20 18:07:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Because there isn't any other jobs to be had. They take what they can get.
The fact (that escapes the CACL crowd among others) is that their choices
are being manipulated and aren't free. Now you can blaim that on 'big
business' or 'government' or whatever convenient fantasy you like.
The final irrevocable fact is that PEOPLE DO IT TO PEOPLE. The 'how' isn't
the real issue. CACL handwaving that its the 'government' is nothing more
than spin doctor bullshit in their attempt to be 'the man'. Why else would
they on one hand blaim the 'government' and then turn around and blaim the
'individuals'. It's odd they call 'the people' sheep while at the same
time stating that they are the best ones (ie do away with government, go
free market) to make their own decisions. Hypocrisy, until you realize
they just want to be the one to do the exploiting.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-20 22:11:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
Then you didn't look very hard at all.
Look into the 'fake license' laws for your state, they include defacing
such as replacing the photograph and such. That will also include the mag
stripe and the bar code.
You can go to jail for several years for defacing a license. In Texas it's
illegal to photocopy it except for official or business purposes.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-21 09:17:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: IP: Beyond Carnivore: FBI Eyes Packet Taps (fwd) 
Nope, Plan 9.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-21 10:30:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
You mean there are OS'es that don't?
 You mean all(!) OS'es don't do this already?
 You mean all OS'es don't allow you to mount individual filesystems
        through an encryption layer?
 - Authored by same Bell-Labs crew that wrote Unix in the first place.
   Plan 9 was specifically designed to 'fix' the problems of Unix. It
   of course has its own problems. There is active support by the
   authors currently.
 - Has had many years of production use internal to Bell - Labs.
 - Open Source, no license required to build and distribute your own
   version.
 - Fully distributed in both process and file space
 - Has a unique three (3) kernel approach; I/O - Auth, File, Process
 - No 'root' user.
 - Supports IPv6 (default), IPv4, and IL (it's customer to Plan 9).
 - Filesystem is fully transitive, everything is treated like a file.
   This creates some unique opportunities to make publicly shared but
   privately maintaned resource pools. Hangar 18 is an attempt to do
   just this.
 - The filesystem is structured and featured in such a way that RDBMS
   sorts of solutions are moot. These functions are built into the
   filesystem itself (though not through SQL compliance).
 - Encryption (currently DES, needs fixing) built right in.
 - Doesn't use passwords, Instead it uses tickets (ie certificates).
 - Anonymity features with respect to both process and file space are
   not going to be hard to build in, Pike estimated at one points about
   150 lines of rc besides the actual crypto algorithm.
 - Global mobile log-in out of the box.
 - Has a wickedly new GUI.
 - Supports Inferno (run-time included) so that you can access one of the
   leading 'Internet Appliance' work environments. Plan 9 isn't real-time,
   but Inferno is. (It makes my Lego Mindstorm look like a directory tree,    makes programming real-time hardware operations rather easy)
Another Open Source OS to look at for inspiration is unununium. It is a
kernel-less OS, everything is a module that can be loaded in/out at
run time as required. Has some very interesting applications with respect
to distributed computing. There is a working implimentation available from
Source Forge.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-21 10:52:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
You can do this in Plan 9 and also spread the file around it's pieces
hither and yon...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-21 18:29:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
??? Plan 9 was released Open Source in 2000. Prior to that it had a weird
'no commercial use' clauses. It apparently was intended as a internal use
only project. Forces both internal and external began fighting for the
release of the Rev. 2 code (which turns out can't be done) so instead Pike
and the others created a Rev. 3. They are now working on what is called
the "2000 Release". Haven't had a chance to try it yet.
None, see commentary above. I've been an avid follower of Plan 9 since '86
when the first papers started to appear. It's current state with respect
to apps is about where Linux was in '92. With respect to the code, it
works and works well. The fathers of Unix did as good a job here as well.
 Ask me if I care.
Read Lessigs "Code".
Meaning that through your I/O server you see an effective pool of many
processors on which you can then use to execute your programs. It means
that the filesystem components that appear 'local' may actually not be. It
means that things like backups and such can be left to the filesystem to
take care of 'under the covers' so to speak.
Transitive means that A mounts B, C mounts A and gets B free. Plan 9 does
this, managed by a set of authorization layers for fine control, native.
This means that when Hangar 18 goes online you can mount /hangar18 into
your filespace (via Plan 9 or Linux NFS services) and you will get all the
resources that Hangar 18 mounts through that point. ftp is a good example.
In Plan 9 you 'mount' the ftp server to your file system. If you ever go
out and walk that part of the file space tree and request a file it only
then goes and gets it. You can control its lifetime (to manage disk space
for example) via local cache controls. A 'lazy update' mechanism, very
efficient of network and local resources.
Irrelvant comparison.
You can build a journaled filesystem layer onto Plan 9 through scripts
that define how the various servers are supposed to journal the
individual compnents.
The network layer. The traffic between any two Plan 9 boxes is encrypted
with keys dependent upon the individual boxes (or larger classes if you
desire) if the system is so configured. You can also use this to encrypt
branches of your filesystem. Plan 9 provides SSH.
However the resource owner choses. I'm using 'small worlds network' models
for my 'web of trust'...
But the passwords don't go across the network, therefore they're not
'used' in the conventional sense.
It should be, X Windows sucks.
Another OS, intended for real-time control of "Internet Appliances". You
run it along side Plan 9.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-21 20:30:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
You need to be on the mailing list. There is almost constant changes. You
can also visit the wiki link at Bell Labs for the most current info.
Can't disagree more.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-22 00:27:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Their rational is more motivated by their own economic growth than the
community, so 'commie' would hardly describe their viewpoint. Unrestrained
economic masturbation might fit...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-22 00:35:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Nonsense. What we should do is bring them under rule of law and ensure
that their efforts are rewarded with an equitable share of the profits
their efforts created. The very basis of free market economies, one is
rewarded FAIRLY for their efforts.
The real question, one that is probably unanswerable, is who gets to
decide what is 'fair'. Not only is there no 'fair' way to decide, but
there's no one universal definition of 'fair'.
So, whatever system we put in place must be based on relative
methodologies and measures. The next question is who gets to decide those,
followed by who gets to exercise them.
So, we need a system that is equitable (with respect to access),
representative (in the sense of everyone has a say in it), and limited (in
that some behaviours are outside the bounds of regulation - speech,
personal possession of a firearm).
C-A-C-L doesn't qualify on several points.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-22 01:03:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Has Steve Schear earned killing? Verdict is out. 
No, they haven't. A disagreement of view is never in and of itself
justification for any physical act.
Why should you mind if these individual of a like mind decide they want to
re-negotiate their employment contract? Isn't that the 'free' in 'free
market'? The basis of free market economics is a give and take. The point
being that all parties are reasonably happy because they're reasonably
certain they got a fair and equitable deal. The fact the workers don't
feel that way is sufficient justification, in economic terms at least, for
their actions. The reality is that as much as some skin flint might like to keep paying 1920's salaries in 1970, the reality of the market doesn't
support those sorts of strategies. If the employer keeps too hard a line
nobody will work for him. If in fact the company can increase
productivity, lower costs, and increase profit why shouldn't the workers
reap some of that benefit. They are in reality as much a part of the
company, and fitting a share in the profits, as the 'board of diretors' or
the 'investors'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-22 01:08:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
But they are not fully voluntary. The reality is that people must eat and
provide for themselves or die. That is what those people are doing. If
they had a realistic opportunity to change to a 8-5 job they would take
it. The character of 'persistance' of this problem alone damns the 'it's
their own fault' argument.
These people have jobs that suck. The thesis is that they should take
higher paying jobs. Assuming there are such jobs, why aren't they taking
them? Now, if the jobs aren't there, why not? Either line of reasoning
leads to one inescapable conslusion, there is at least one factor that is
not being accounted for in your model.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-22 02:20:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Plan-9 licensing? 
How so? Proof?
Interaction for who, the author or the user? All license start out in the
minority. It's a competition in a way. I've also got some question about
exactly which of the Plan 9 licenses the reviews were for. There have been
several over the last couple of years. As objections have been raised
they've been addressed. I'll send a URL along to the list...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-22 07:12:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Guatemala - Public Announcement (fwd) 
Guatemala - Public Announcement
October 18, 2001
The Department of State is releasing the following text as a Public
Announcement for Americans traveling abroad.  Embassy Guatemala released it
as a Warden Message for Americans resident in Guatemala on October 17.
The U.S. Embassy has received information that individuals may be targeting
American citizens in Antigua for violent attack.  These attacks may follow
staged armed robberies or automobile accidents.   The U.S. Embassy and
Guatemalan police are investigating.   In the meantime, American citizens
throughout Guatemala should take proper precautions for their personal
safety and avoid any situation that appears to be unusual or potentially
For further information on travel to Guatemala, please consult the
Department of State's latest Consular Information Sheet, available on the
Bureau of Consular Affairs home page at Http://travel.state.gov.  The U.S.
Embassy is located in Guatemala at 7-01 Avenida de la Reforma, Zone 10;
telephone (011-502-2-331-1541; web site at
This Public Announcement expires February 17, 2002.
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2001-10-23 17:13:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Plan-9 licensing? 
Right, that's why there are so many of them out there...
Interaction between licenses for who?...
You're using a flawed model. There are three 'roles'; author, distributor,
user. Any license must interact with all three roles. The fact is that the
license doesn't effect the developer nearly as much as the distributor and
the end user. You're only looking at a single layer of interactions.
There is another aspect you're completely ignoring, unless one license
prohibits(!) use with another license the interaction (outside of "Can I
make money off it?") is nil - both for developers and users.
Utility, which license brings the maximum benefit to all three roles.
Yes, it is.
One shoe doesn't fit all.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 17:46:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: fanaticism, left anarchists, and CACLing 
The whole bunch of you miss the point that these are MECHANISMS. 'They'
don't do anything. People use the concepts to do things to each other.
And yes, corporations (ie agreements or contracts) can exist without a
state. Governments however can't exist without a cash flow.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 17:48:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Bull, the people who don't purchase his goods at a price point he can
sustain himself do in fact force him into other lines of work. 'Supply and
demand' and 'Market force' are synonymous.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 17:58:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Then you agree that their conditions aren't reasonable.
As to 'economic growth', that implies you have either the time or the
place to look for alternatives. These are not universal, especially in a
market where some parties act with intent to restrain other parties.
Read the first two para's of the DoI as to why this isn't as big an issue
as you might think, provided you get out early enough.
Yeah, like keeping them around just one more year so we can put just that much more in the treasury.
Historically dictators and such have not(!) acted to improve their
citizens lot in life, if the citizens get any improvement it's because
the powers that be recognize the situation and are hoping to stabilize it (so that their income streams are stabalized). They're not doing it for
the people, it's self-preservation.
No it isn't. It's about getting the fundamental government-corporate
rights and civil liberties infrastructure in place in these countries.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:01:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
And they can be 'free' ONLY if all parties act fairly. A player in a game
most certainly does NOT have a 'free' choice if one or more players are
The bottom line, a choice can only be called 'free' if it is
unconstrained. That means that the party making it not only is
unconstrained but is informed of all(!) potential choices and outcomes.
Unfortunately the world isn't that clear, so we get constrained choices.
The question then becomes are they 'internal' or 'external' constraints.
If they are external then they are not 'fair' and the choices made under
those constraints can't be called 'free' under any rational definition of
'free' or 'rational'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:03:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
'agree' is synonymous with 'free' in this case. All you're doing is
playing word games and hand waving.
What does it mean to 'agree'? Is an agreement that one can backout of with
no consequences the same as an agreement where they break your leg if you
don't? Are those agreements the same? No.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:07:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Bullshit, just wait until the first drought.
No man is an island, and no chunk of an ecosystem can be removed from that
around it. Your 'self-sufficiency' is a logical fantasy.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:09:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
They're not contradictory because the market they exist in now isn't
'free'. Just another example of your poor reasoning. Telling somebody
'quite taking advantage of that person' is not the same thing as 'give
that that or else'.
What is contradictory is to say one believes in a 'free market' and then
actively support a non-free market by such commentary as you provide
above. "If they don't like it, they can leave."; never mind they can't
leave. Very convenient that.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:10:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
No, the problem is people. Don't confuse what is happening and why, with
who is involved.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:11:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
...and limited supply with respect to demand.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:16:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Actually it makes perfect sense, if you understand how a farm works. The
farmers are competing against the environment, their own limited knowledge
and resources, and time.
Do you seriously want to propose that a chicken craps a combine? That the
seeds for the various crop rotations simply drop from the sky like manna?
That it'll always rain just enough, and therefore there won't be a need
for irridation ditches down to the local crick? And what about all that
animal feed? And the wood for the fence posts and the wire for the wire? Now, how many people does that one person farm now need to hire in order to get
all the infrastructure and support services running, before we even get
around to feeding ourselves?
A self-sufficient farm is either a very low-tech endeavour (which reduces
your needs) or else it grows according to economy of scales.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 18:18:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Surely they can eat what they grow...
Speaking from both ends once again.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 20:48:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why Plan-9 licensing? 
No Open Source license has that big a penetration into the market when
compared to non-Open Source. Half a smidjen and a smidjen, when faced with
a dump trunk...
In addition, the Open Source movement is less than 20 years old, approx.
ten years old with respect to providing real alternatives to closed
source. That's a pretty short period as things go to be making claims of
stability of any sort, including licenses.
No, they're concerned with making money. They have to live with licenses.
Sure didn't slow down the Open Source folks.
By this argument you should be a real proponent of the Closed Source model
ALL license speak to ghosts in the closet. If somebody didn't have some
sort of goal involved they wouldn't license the software in the first
place (it wouldn't even be written). The distinction between some group of
teenagers or college kids and your favorite corporation is specious. The
only difference is the number of marbles in the bucket.
Which is a major disadvantage in my book.
But it doesn't preclude them via other channels. To say that simply
because the water got dirty when we washed the baby we shouldn't keep the
baby just doesn't work for me. Hint, the software is not the point, ever.
The reality is that simply because the 'standard corporate model' doesn't
work with Open Source is an obvious consequence of understanding the
intent of Open Source and should surprise nobody.
Which simply demonstrates why these failed efforts simply support the
rule. Open Source is a totaly different head.
No users, no point in doing the software. I have to disagree. Irrespective
of intent or scale the customer must come first in all situations.
Developers don't buy products (or services as a consequence of use) at
anywhere the scale of consumers. Developers also don't do service.
Of this I agree.
That's fine if you can deal with the 'inertia' of the 'escrow'...it's
actually counter productive to all concerned in the vast majority of
cases. One of the hopes (admittedly not realized to a great extent to
date) of Open Source was one of innovation. Of providing a forum for
experimentation that was low cost but high quality.
For users the compatibility they care about is, will the product co-exist.
Outside of that most users couldn't care less. Distributors want to sell
whatever will solve customer issues and increase their ROI, $.
If you want to understand a situation; follow the $$$, not the lawyers.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 20:50:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
A real one too, congratulations. I guess you just became a crank :)
There's no such thing as 'control' either.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-23 22:19:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Exactly, but pitching 'man against man' as synonymous as 'universe against
man' is a disservice. They're not the same thing. One is a 'free market'
and the other is the opposite.
Of course this cuts right to the primary failing of all C-A-C-L
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-24 17:57:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and  bounds ) 
Then why?
Review the American revolution and the current news before you follow this
little meme very far.
What goes around comes around.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:37:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [psychohistory] A Terrorist's Nursery (fwd) 
Reply-To: psychohistory at yahoogroups.com
The following article appeared in the INDEPENDET and, in IMO, presends well
the Psychohistorical case of the 'making of terrorists'.
I make some comments at the bottom of the message.
Robert Fisk: As the refugees crowd the borders, we'll be blaming someone
'It is palpably evident that they are not fleeing the Taliban but our bombs
and missiles'
23 October 2001
Mullah Mohammed Omar's 10-year-old son is dead. He was, according to Afghan
refugees fleeing Kandahar, taken to one of the city's broken hospitals by
his father, the Taliban leader and "Emir of the Faithful", but the boy -
apparently travelling in Omar's car when it was attacked by US aircraft -
died of his wounds.
No regrets, of course. Back in 1985, when American aircraft bombed Libya,
they also destroyed the life of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi's six-year-old
adopted daughter. No regrets, of course. In 1992, when an Israeli pilot
flying an American-made Apache helicopter fired an American-made missile
into the car of Said Abbas Moussawi, head of the Hizbollah guerrilla army in
Lebanon, the Israeli pilot also killed Moussawi's 10-year-old. No regrets,
of course.
Whether these children deserved their deaths, be sure that their fathers -
in our eyes - were to blame. Live by the sword, die by the sword - and that
goes for the kids too. Back in 1991, The Independent revealed that American
Gulf War military targets included "secure" bunkers in which members of
Saddam Hussein's family - or the families of his henchmen - were believed to
be hiding. That's how the Americans managed to slaughter well over 300
people in an air raid shelter at Amariya in Baghdad. No Saddam kids, just
civilians. Too bad. I wonder - now that President George Bush has given
permission to the CIA to murder Osama bin Laden - if the same policy applies
And so the casualties begin to mount. From Kandahar come ever more frightful
stories of civilians buried under ruins, of children torn to pieces by
American bombs. The Taliban - and here the Americans must breathe a
collective sigh of relief - refuse to allow Western journalists to enter the
country to verify these reports. So when a few television crews were able to
find 18 fresh graves in the devastated village of Khorum outside Jalalabad
just over a week ago, the US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld could
ridicule the deaths as "ridiculous". But not, I suspect, for much longer.
For if each of our wars for infinite justice and eternal freedom have a
familiar trade mark - the military claptrap about air superiority,
suppression of "command and control centres", radar capabilities - each has
an awkward, highly exclusive little twist to it. In 1999, Nato claimed it
was waging war to put Kosovo Albanian refugees back in their homes - even
though most of the refugees were still in their homes when the war began.
Our bombing of Serbia led directly to their dispossession. We bear a heavy
burden of responsibility for their suffering - since the Serbs had told us
what they would do if Nato opened hostilities - although the ultimate blame
for their "ethnic cleansing'' clearly belonged to Slobodan Milosevic.
But Nato's escape clause won't work this time round. For as the Afghan
refugees turn up in their thousands at the border, it is palpably evident
that they are fleeing not the Taliban but our bombs and missiles. The
Taliban is not ethnically cleansing its own Pashtun population. The refugees
speak vividly of their fear and terror as our bombs fall on their cities.
These people are terrified of our "war on terror'', victims as innocent as
those who were slaughtered in the World Trade Centre on 11 September. So
where do we stop?
It's an important question because, once the winter storms breeze down the
mountain gorges of Afghanistan, a tragedy is likely to commence, one which
no spin doctor or propaganda expert will be able to divert. We'll say that
the thousands about to die or who are dying of starvation and cold are
victims of the Taliban's intransigence or the Taliban's support for
"terrorism" or the Taliban's propensity to steal humanitarian supplies.
I have to admit - having been weaned on Israel's promiscuous use of the word
"terror" every time a Palestinian throws a stone at his occupiers - that I
find the very word "terrorism" increasingly mendacious as well as racist. Of
course - despite the slavish use of the phrase "war on terrorism" on the BBC
and CNN - it is nothing of the kind. We are not planning to attack Tamil
Tiger suicide bombers or Eta killers or Real IRA murderers or Kurdish KDP
guerrillas. Indeed, the US has spent a lot of time supporting terrorists in
Latin America - the Contras spring to mind - not to mention the rabble we
are now bombing in Afghanistan. This is, as I've said before, a war on
America's enemies. Increasingly, as the date of 11 September acquires iconic
status, we are retaliating for the crimes against humanity in New York and
Washington. But we're not setting up any tribunals to try those responsible.
The figure of 6,000 remains as awesome as it did in the days that followed.
But what happens when the deaths for which we are responsible begin to
approach the same figure? Refugees have been telling me on the Pakistan
border that the death toll from our bombings in Afghanistan is in the
dozens, perhaps the hundreds. Once the UN agencies give us details of the
starving and the destitute who are dying in their flight from our bombs, it
won't take long to reach 6,000. Will that be enough? Will 12,000 dead
Afghans appease us, albeit that they have nothing to do with the Taliban or
Osama bin Laden? Or 24,000? If we think we know what our aims are in this
fraudulent "war against terror", have we any idea of proportion?
Sure, we'll blame the Taliban for future tragedies. Just as we've been
blaming them for drug exports from Afghanistan. Tony Blair was at the
forefront of the Taliban-drug linkage. And all we have to do to believe this
is to forget the UN Drug Control Programme's announcement last week that
opium production in Afghanistan has fallen by 94 per cent, chiefly due to
Mullah Omar's prohibition in Taliban-controlled areas. Most of Afghanistan's
current opium production comes - you've guessed it - from our friends in the
Northern Alliance.
This particular war is, as Mr Bush said, going to be "unlike any other" -
but not in quite the way he thinks. It's not going to lead to justice. Or
freedom. It's likely to culminate in deaths that will diminish in magnitude
even the crime against humanity on 11 September. Do we have any plans for
this? Can we turn the falsity of a "war against terror" into a war against
famine and starvation and death, even at the cost of postponing our day of
reckoning with Osama bin Laden?
Historicaly reprisals of a 10-fold of a 100-fold magnitude never worked in
the favore of those commiting them. Making a 'little' New York every day in
Afganistan, or anyware for that matter, just guarantees the creation of more
willing to die terrorists.
Of course 'our' governments already know this, thus an issue arrises: What's
in the long term agenda, if anything? The rhetiric and the 'official'
reasons given, ie. hunting down terrorists, retaliation to the patrons of
the Sept 11th events, punishing the guilty have only a short term value,
even without the cosideration of 'collateral damage', and will ultimately
lead to the creation of more willing to die terrorists. (Due to a mechanism
I call the "remaining leaven" - No matter the terrorists' death toll even
a - statisticaly expected - tiny bit of terrorist "yeast" will produce the
nesecary "leaven" that will fuel their future moves.
So, I speculate that there might be something more in it all...
Christos Konstas
------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
Get your FREE credit report with a FREE CreditCheck
Monitoring Service trial

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:42:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Hardly. I just happen to be the Mongoose in a pit of snakes, so it should
surprise nobody (especially the snakes) if they all hiss.
The bottem line is you say 'fair' is whatever the two parties 'agree' to.
All you've done is shift the focus from 'fair' to 'agree'. And that shifts
the focus of the question as well. What does it mean to 'agree'.
And to answer another question 'is' means 'equivalent to' or 'identical
with' depending on context. Both acceptable here.
This is especially enlightening coming from a group (CACL, not Cypherpunks
per se) who claim that 'free markets' are the epitome of utopian
strategies (and 'free' most definitely has a significant and particular
meaning in this context - and it doesn't support yorur view). You're only
proving my point. Thank you.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:48:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle 
Read "Green River Anthology", we are what our environment makes of us.
That's the 'nature' aspect just in case you're confused. You can't have
one without the other (contrary to your claim).
No mand is an island. Being responsible for ones actions is not the same
as being responsible for who one is, or how they came to that end.
It's worth noting that Hayek (among many) makes great pains to make it
clear that he does not(!!!) support this sort of 'individualism'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-24 21:38:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Doh! 
Make "Green River Anthology" into "Spoon River Anthology", it'll make more
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-24 23:19:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Market Competition for Security Measures 
It has two advantages over a strict free market model however. The fist
is the market is larger with respect to ability to cover damages because
it spreads the cost out over a larger group. This has two effects. First
it lowers the average cost per user and second during critical
emergencies you can raise larger sums of capital by increasing the
average payout. Especially damages that accrue all at once outside of
'normal' statistical expectations. A sequence of man made and natural
disasters would be one example. The flip side is to realize that this
works for transient spikes only. Otherwise it's simply robbing Peter to
pay Paul (ie Communism).
The second aspect is that the market players are likely to be more stable
from a total lifetime perspective. In some cases this accrues from the
stability of the government, in others this economic breadth stabalizes
the government.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-28 23:57:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and    bounds ) 
I understand your point. It's specious. The distinction you try to draw is
based on a flawed morality. You believe that there is some effective
difference between attacking a soldier of a country, and the mother of
that soldier. That somehow attacking only certain aspects of a society are
allowed. Then when 'your' side commits equal acts they are somehow
justified because 'your' side is the 'right' side. That somehow the people
who vote to put a certain contingent in charge are then somehow insulated
from the consequences of the acts of those representatives.
So much for "Of the people, By the people, For the people".
The fact is that there are no 'innocents'. There never were.
The British certainly didn't see it that way. They saw some group of
miscreants raising hell in THEIR country. People it's worth noting a
significant fraction of which were not generaly born in this country.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-29 00:06:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and   bounds ) 
Actually I'm trying to get you to be more precise with your 'litmus test'.
The fact is that you draw a specious distinction as to attacking one group
over a community and another. As if it's ok to kill soldiers but not their
mothers. Unless of course it's us doing the killing, for whatever reason
we've used to justify it.
Really? How? Why is attacking imperial soldiers on land they believe is
theirs any different?
Seems to me that if one takes active, supportive measures with respect to
their government they can hardly call themselves 'innocent'.
Who were these people paying taxes for a war they knew nothing of? This
certainly didn't apply to the British. The general populace was informed
as to what was going on.
Realistically, how is 'terrorism' different from 'guerilla warfare'?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-29 17:52:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Singing The War Prayer 
I suggest you look at the number of Palestinians involved. More than 40k
by a tad.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-29 17:53:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pravda Propaganda On The NRA, GOA and Militias 
No it isn't. Poor people don't make the sorts of contributions (and
concommitent expectations) into the coffers of the political.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-29 18:47:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Singing The War Prayer 
I keep hoping but you keep coming up with the irrelevant crap like this...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-30 17:29:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Napster execs needing culling 
Air (O2) does get used up. Kill the algea and the trees and see how long
you can breath.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
     The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
                                             Edmund Burke (1784)
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-10-30 20:54:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [ISN] Commentary: The Threat Of Microsofts .Net (fwd) 
cryptography at wasabisystems.com, cyberia-l at listserv.aol.com,
    ignition-point at theveryfew.net
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-09-01 10:59:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SIG: Fwd: [PGP-USERS] ANNOUNCE: PGP Source Code Now Available For  Download (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 339 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-01 11:05:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Actually it was the consequence of winning an election. getting a
particularly important appointment, AND getting the military to swear an
oath to HIM (not Germany). The election alone didn't make him Fuhrer or
give him the political and legal base to execute his murders with
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-01 18:04:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
You can't make, or assume this as a universal. It may be that by using
crypto on the first leg it sets flags off for Mallet. The data may have to
be sent out in stego or some other format. The utility of inter-anon
remialer crypto using a seperate layer does provide major utility with
respect to stopping further identity leaks as well as breaking simple
traffic analysis. However, if the remailers require any sort of
'instructions' then these must be in the clear, or at least use a key set
different than the user/remailer. These leak information in that initial
If they have universal access to the network then some level of analysis
can be executed without collaboration from any of the remailers.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-01 20:54:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
Which is where distributed systems like Plan 9 come into play. By being
completely distributed and (at least in theory) encrypted at the network
layer the 'vulnerability' becomes connecting to the network. Of sourse
this still leaves the question of keys and their management as a 'entry'
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-01 23:07:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Unfortunately it is neither that simple in principle or practice.
Absolute freedom is clearly bad, especially the first psycho you meet.
And tyranny isn't necessarily bad, consider the tyranny of social
Um, wait a second. Aren't those related?...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-02 08:37:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
It wasn't? They passed a law moving all the presidents power to Hitler
against the constitution. Then they got the military to swear an oath to
Hitler, not Germany. In other words in the space of two years they went
from a democracy to a tyranny.
If it walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-02 08:43:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cryptosocialismo 
crypto-anarcy <> anarcho-socialism <> crypto-capitalism
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-03 20:10:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: moral crypto 
That's a stretch but you're welcome to your own opinion. Dubbya can be
voted out of office, Osama and most other nutcases can't.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-03 20:11:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: OPT: Fwd: [PGP-USERS] Another Flaw in PGP found. (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 313 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-03 21:04:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BitTorrent 2.2 is out (fwd) 
Silly me, I forgot to include the url - -Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes

@_date: 2001-09-08 09:38:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
Then your point is invalid. Simply because the application or extension of
something is harmful or undesirable doesn't map to the entire framework
being bad.
It's a common failing of C-A-C-L based theologies.
You don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-10 07:07:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.555 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 555  September 6, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein,
and James Riordon
EVIDENCE FOR A RE-IONIZATION ERA in the early universe
[SSZ: text deleted]
SUPERCONDUCTIVITY AT 117 K IN A BUCKYBALL CRYSTAL has been observed by
[SSZ: text deleted]
LASER-LIKE AMPLIFICATION OF ENTANGLED PARTICLES has been achieved by a
University of Oxford team. Governed by quantum physics, entangled particles have much stronger correlations, or interrelationships, than anything
allowed in classical physics.  For example, measuring one entangled
particle instantly influences its partner's state, even if the two
particles are separated by great distances.  Entangled particles are
the bread-and-butter of quantum information schemes such as
quantum cryptography, quantum computing, and quantum
teleportation.  But they are notoriously difficult to create in bulk. To create entangled photons, for example, researchers can send
laser light through a barium borate crystal.  Passing through the
crystal, a photon sometimes splits into two entangled photons
(each with half the energy of the initial photon).  However, this
only occurs for one in every ten billion incoming photons. To
increase the yield, the Oxford researchers added a step: they put
mirrors beyond the crystal so that the laser pulse and entangled
pair could reflect, and have the chance to interact.  Since the
entangled pair and reflected laser pulse behave as waves, quantum
mechanics says that they could interfere constructively to generate
fourfold more two-photon pairs or interfere destructively to create
zero pairs.  Following these steps, the researchers increased
production of two-photon entangled pairs and also of rarer states
such as four-photon entangled quartets.  This achievement could
represent a step towards an entangled-photon laser, which would
repeatedly amplify entangled particles to create greater yields than
previously possible, and also towards the creation of new and more
complex kinds of entangled states.  (Lamas-Linares et al., Nature,
30 August 2001.)

@_date: 2001-09-11 14:12:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cryptography News: FORWARDED (fwd) 
* PGP opens up complete encryption source code
September 7th, 2001
One of the first encryption products is made available to all.  PGP
Security -- a division of Network Associates that has been criticised in
the past for being too proprietary -- has made available the electronic
distribution of its complete source code for the PGPsdk, its cryptographic
toolkit. PGP, which was one of the world's first encryption products and a
de facto standard for encryption, is the foundation of all PGP Desktop,
Wireless and Server products.  The release of the source code will provide
academic researchers and cryptographers the ability to review every detail
of PGPsdk's cryptographic features. The move comes a short time after the
US government recently relaxed export regulations on cryptographic source
code, Santa Clara, California-based PGP Security said. All of article.
* Quantum Crypto to the Rescue
September 7th, 2001
This week has been big for cryptography.  It's seen both technical and
theoretical advances in next-generation quantum crypto systems and
technology.  It's seen a prototype enter its testing phase that could send
secret crypto keys through open air to a satellite or across town.

@_date: 2001-09-11 22:10:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
Yeah, the guys running it with pistols stuffed in their belts will shoot
you if you get too nutty. They also tend to outlaw fast draws (some won't
even let you wear a pistol in a holster while on the range) and other such
So we see that gun ranges don't allow anyone/everyone to run around armed
and operating equally.
As a result, your point is bogus.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-11 22:12:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
There was also several eye witnesses that said the first tower was hit by
a missile...
Clearly these people don't have a clue of the size differential.
I would be so bold to say that since the New York crash a few years ago
that there will almost always be a witness that saw a 'missile'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-11 22:50:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [psychohistory] What can a Society Do? (fwd) 
Reply-To: psychohistory at yahoogroups.com
    "Msal-Politics at Yahoogroups.Com" ,
    "Langmakercafe at Yahoogroups.Com" ,
    "Psychohistory at Yahoogroups.Com" Originally: RE: TERRORISM: looking for solutions
The concept of trustability has its roots in Game Theory.
1) Without trust, a society will function only on its lowest denominator, if we consider it a society at all. People will only look out for their self-interests and would not perceive to preemptively strike those they perceive as a threat, to ensure their own survival.
2) To create trust without a free information flow, the most common solution would require establishing a hierarchy. In such an organization (e.g. Governments), by virtue of the inequality of power, can track and punish individuals who infringe on trust and thus maintain a working level of trustfulness (and also a related concept called security).
3) A society without any structure, if it has to function efficiently, would have to self-create a Government. thus, anarchism would not work because it would sow its seeds for its own destruction. Humans have an instinct to form groups (of whose's members they can trust much more than others) thanks to evolution selecting out anti-social humans.
Notes: Godel's Incompleteness Theorem forbids any system that claims to cater for all people in all situations. Surely, the claims by capitalist-anarchists do not work because of such. While the Theory of Evolution may *appear* to apply to human society, it fails (as the Theorm predicts) to apply to human societies because humans can and will think out of the system. Placed in simple terms, humans can and do exploit the social systems they encounter. This ability confers the ability to lie, to see through paradoxes and to "make-believe", and confers the greatest difference between a human and a Turing machine. Evolution Theory applies well only to beings simple enough to remain within the system rules.
4) The fastest way to create trust would require the removal of the ability to make deceit in all of us, or our disire to do so. While we know this has high impossibility, we can approximate something like that by:
a. Having a free flow of *all* information, including what we consider as private
b. Having a group of people capable of handling such free flow of information (such as those not prone to gossip)
c. the exclusion of people who refuse, or has insufficient ability to participate in such open-ness
Notes: There does exist groups of people who do not, or cannot make deceit. Please visit  for more information.
Considering this point further, you may want to refer to the Theory of Sociologistics [sociologistics.webhop.org]. I base my assumptions on the above three conclusions that I can draw, and with some other goals. These include:
1) The Freedom to Self-Actualisation [similiar: The right to (lead a meaningful) life]
Those of us with sufficient intelligence to wonder about the purpose or meaning of our life, has the potential and probably the disire to lead a life in accordance to one's purpose. In our societies, we often cannot do so because we do not have a proper social system that allows (or even recognises) this.
For instance, a lot of us have to work in jobs we dislike so that we can just survive. Someone once wrote that a life not worth writing about does not worth living too, yet too many of us have to lead such lives without a means to reject or escape from it.
Project Sociologistics aims to create a social system (in theory) that supports such a fundamental "right", as long as such pursuit of self-actualisation aims to understand the universe and conducted in an ethical manner.
This means that as a astrophysicts, one will not need to play politics to gain funds, but merely to allow others to evaluate one's proposal in an open and logical manner. It means your can pursue your projects of seeking knowledge without worrying about survival, or making a living, lack of resources, or other irrelevant barriers that stop it, at least in theory.
2) Freedom from Mundane Issues
Our societies operate with such a high level of inefficiency that I find it amazing that we managed to achieve so much despite such inefficiencies. The largest contributor of inefficiency lies with the Governments which impose rules to maintain the operation of our societies within their pre-defined "safe" limits.
Not recognizing Godel's Theorem, these Governments create rules that don't work, or work poorly. These governments make things worse by:
a. not utilising adequate Information Systems
b. allowing public contribution
c. allowing full public disclousure of their internal workings
d. applying the latest in social research
e. and most importantly of all, discouraging public participation directly and indirectly (such as by establishing a complex system of rules and organisations that removes the ability or individuals to act)
As such, those who control Governments gain opportunities to abuse their power, and those controlled by Governments, meanwhile, have to put up with inefficiencies that can sometimes have such severity that it threatens their lives.
While there exists people who believe that the solution lies with abolishing Governments as we know them, their solution of anarchism still cannot solve the same fundamental issue with the human ingenuity at systems exploitation. Meanwhile, some of the more moderate advocates of individual empowerment believe that the idea of using the system of "checks and balances" and forming a minimum Government would solve the problem. However, their rules of ensuring no abuse will not work, due to Godel's Theorem.
Thus, any system based on rules alone cannot work, neither can a system merely based on symmetrical power (i.e. anachism) as such symmetries have very low stability.
I realised that the key could lie in the members of a society. Even thought sentient beings such as humans, capable of trans-Godel self-referential thinking, must have internal inconsistencies since they can experience a more or less complete range of experiences, they can keep the inconsistency as low as possible by training in science and logic.
In such a manner, they can control their inconsistencies (such as by applying it to creative problem solving) instead of letting these run amok such as in wars or the latest terrorist bombing. I label such people as rational people, and these, would no doubt have the qualifications to participate in the New Colony project (i.e. the applied form of Project Sociologistics).
Even though they still have inconsistencies, they can operate below the threshold of chaotic social functioning, and thus we can design bare minimum systems that can support them and let them develop the rest by themselves without worrying of systems exploitation. They will understand that, if they have to choose to sacrifice some of their self-interests (such as by giving up opportunities to let the more needy have them first) in order to maximise the public good.
3) Freedom to Transcend
this goes beyond the freedom to think, or of free speech. If you notice, the three freedoms overlap each other. The provision of this freedom allows people to seek to transcend themselves, for instance, uploading their minds into another (probably electronic) medium so as to gain various advantages.
In this society, we shall not overly concern ourselves with the concept of "God" getting angry at our self-experimentation, or the prejudice against sentient computers. We shall bravely go where no one has gone before in our exploration of the Universe.
4) Freedom to Trust
What good would we, to live in a society of whom members we cannot trust. This freedom provides for high levels of trust among a society's own members, such as by disclosure of all data each one has on everything. It facilitates, via unity, the ability to execute projects that require many people. If everyone will trust each other like a mother with a child, our societies will have much lesser problems.
In practice, new members will usually enjoy a lower level of trust than incumbent ones, and spies could exist, but how we will solve this issue and related others, would come in the paper of Sociologistics and not in this article.
This has a lot of overlap with the (unlisted) Freedom to Publish (or "Free Speech"), where one can publish one's views freely. With the freedom to trust, we no longer perceive publishing views as a "right", but as an obligation to help other members achieve more knowledge.
5) Freedom of Non-Interference
Last but not least, this last freedom aims to take into account people with other goals and beliefs. This aims to respect tha choices by people, even if they choose a path fraught with excessive suffering than one which allows them to transcend.
This applies to the society both ways, in that it will not interfere in other's affairs if they don't interfere with it, and the hope that others will also comply with this rule. This also applies on the microscopic manner, where one seeks not to interfere with each other's activity unless one has his or her interests threatened.
In my writings on the Paradox of Free Speech & Integration, I had shown that a society with even one irrational individual can wreak havoc with the implementation of "Free Speech" by introducing conflicts, which one must resolve by censorship (and thus go against free speech) or expulsion of that individual. Now, I can add the option of a difficult process of working within the irrationality to resolve the issue.
Notes: The current version, and various parts of the Theory itself, requires a significant rewrite to integrate Godel's Theorem and the concepts of Game Theory into them. I recognize the limitations of my knowledge and ability and thus aim to progressive update and complete the theory as much as I can. Meanwhile, my hopes for higher level of participation seems to have diminished for now.
Clearly, creating an independent rational society by taking over another nation would just spur military action, but also face uncooperation among the irrational people who would break the system of trust. Hence, I recommended, and continue to recommend, the setting up of a colony in unclaimed or purchased land or space. Making a colony work gets difficult enough, but having to fend off military attacks while doing so, will make it almost impossible to work. Converting an irrational to an rational one would sounds so impossible that I think this problem does not have enough worth to justify assigning our computing resources to solve it.
hence, I hope with this posting, to provide some hints on how we can construct a society based on trust. I hope it helps. Please read the paper, or part of it, before formulating the reply, as you could contribute redundant points that I would find reluctant to reply due to insufficient time.
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free  address at ------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
Get your FREE credit report with a FREE CreditCheck
Monitoring Service trial

@_date: 2001-09-12 00:00:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NSA monitors domestic cellular 
If it goes out of the country it isn't domestic.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-12 00:16:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
If you don't you die. No if's, no and's, no but's. If you do, you (and
others) got a chance...
I've always held that rational, ethical, moral police policy (and social
expectation) for any sort of hostage situation is for each and every
hostage to throw, strike, and otherwise assault anybody that threatens
them. Just think of the result at say Columbine if instead of running each
and every person there had made it their personal duty to attack those two
kids. Not only would a smaller number have been hurt and killed but any
copy cat would think twice about repeating it (a clear and present danger
in todays media hyped nut house). There was a day when we actually taught
gun safety and use in public schools to our kids...
Make the beggars eyes bleed. Don't buy into the nuts fantasy.
People only take hostages they believe can be bullied into compliance.
Take that away from them and what do they have?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-12 15:37:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NSA monitors domestic cellular 
Being in the air is considered out of the country?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-13 07:11:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DES cracked by teenagers? (fwd) 
According to some teenagers "reportedly cracked an encryption technology called Data
Encryption Standard (DES)".  I'm skeptical, but I thought I'd toss it out.  Anyone have any details?

@_date: 2001-09-13 07:46:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT Worldwide Caution (fwd) 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Office of the Spokesman
Worldwide Caution
September 12, 2001
The events of September 11 at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and
Somerset, Pennsylvania, serve as a cruel reminder of the continuing threat
from terrorists and extremist groups to Americans and American interests
worldwide. This situation remains fluid and American citizens should be
aware of the potential risks and to take these into consideration when
making travel plans. The Department will continue to develop information
about potential threats to Americans overseas and to share credible threat
information through its Consular Information Program documents available on
the Internet at As the U.S. Government has reported in Public Announcements over the last
several months, U.S. citizens and interests abroad may be at increased risk
of terrorist actions from extremist groups. Most recently, we advised that
we had unconfirmed information that terrorist actions may be taken against
U.S. military facilities and/or establishments frequented by U.S. military
personnel in Korea and Japan. In addition, we continue to be concerned about
information we received in May 2001 that American citizens may be the target
of a terrorist threat from extremist groups with links to Usama Bin Ladin's
Al-Qaida organization. In the past, such individuals have not distinguished
between official and civilian targets. We take this information seriously.
In light of the above information, U.S. Government facilities worldwide
remain at a heightened state of alert.
U.S. citizens are urged to maintain a high level of vigilance and to
increase their security awareness. Americans should maintain a low profile,
vary routes and times for all required travel, and treat mail and packages
from unfamiliar sources with suspicion. American citizens are also urged to
avoid contact with any suspicious, unfamiliar objects, and to report the
presence of the objects to local authorities. Vehicles should not be left
unattended and should be kept locked at all times. U.S. Government personnel
overseas have been advised to take the same precautions.
U.S. citizens planning to travel abroad should consult the Department of
State's Public Announcements, Travel Warnings, Consular Information Sheets,
and regional travel brochures, all of which are available at the Consular
Affairs Internet website  at
 We will continue to provide updated information
should it become available. American citizens overseas may contact the
American Citizens Services unit of the nearest U.S. Embassy or Consulate by
telephone or fax for up-to-date information on security conditions. American
citizens in need of emergency assistance should telephone the nearest U.S.
Embassy or Consulate before visiting there. U.S. Government facilities have
and will continue to temporarily close or suspend public services as
necessary to review their security posture and ensure its adequacy. In those
instances, U.S. Missions will make every effort to provide emergency
services to American citizens.
In addition to information on the Internet, U.S. travelers may hear recorded
information by calling the Department of State in Washington, D.C. at
202-647-5225 from their touch-tone telephone, or receive information by
automated telefax by dialing 202-647-3000 from their fax machine.
This Public Announcement supersedes the Public Announcement - Worldwide
Caution of September 7, 2001, to inform U.S. citizens of of our continued
concern about safety and security overseas in light of the events of
September 11. This Public Announcement expires on March 12, 2002.
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2001-09-13 18:34:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: An Open Letter on Privacy and Anonymity (fwd) 
Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
2001 September 12
An Open Letter on Privacy and Anonymity
Fellow Citizens of the United States of America:
I am moved to write as a founder of a movement that, far beyond my own efforts, has eloquently expressed an ideal, the ideal of privacy in society.  Privacy is not uniquely American, yet it is at the core of the American ideal, at the core of free speech that enables human connection, at the core of free association that builds society up from a savage state, at the core of liberty.  I helped to start cypherpunks, a movement for privacy in the digital world.  Cypherpunks is a diverse movement with no explicit doctrine, yet with a deep shared desire for human liberty.
Let none who call me friend say that the events of September 11 are anything other than a dark day upon humanity.  In the midst of the violence, I see a thirst for the taste of the blood of vengeance in the mouths of many of my fellow citizens.  I see that destruction will ineluctably ride upon the opponents of the country of these my fellow citizens.  So be it.  I do not seek here to forestall or to avoid the violence directed toward the perpetrators of these deeds.
I write as a citizen of the United States that our country may avoid a self-inflicted wound against liberty.  The terrorists have struck a blow against liberty, it is said.  The terrorists will strike again, it is said.  I say to all, let us not strike the second blow against ourselves.  Today we are seeking an enemy unknown, an enemy who is hiding, as well they ought to.  The thirst that drives our country forward now cannot be slaked without the apprehension of those responsible, and we have yet to identify or find them.  We now have a great temptation before us, to lash out at those amongst ourselves who may be thought to have given succor to our enemies, at those amongst ourselves who may be thought to still provide them solace and deception, and at those amongst ourselves whom some dislike for unrelated reasons.
I wish to repeat again the words of Governor Davis of California, who spoke yesterday that "we are all Americans."  We are all Americans, and we should not attack ourselves.  We are all Americans, and we should not fight each other in the streets.  We are all Americans, and we should not turn our law enforcement apparatus and our national security infrastructure against the very liberties that we all hold dear.  The goal of these terrorists is to restrict freedoms in America, to steal its essence and to weaken it.  I shall pray we do not cooperate with this their goal in a hot-headed rush to immediate results.  Let the anger of this country be cold and calmly directed, that the accompaniment of wrath be precision.
The terrorists are cowards, it is said.  Shall America be a coward to itself?  We have an excess of strength to expend upon our opponents, be they external or internal.  We will find that there are internal champions of liberty that have without conspiracy or knowledge furthered the plans of our opponents, who have taken advantage of the liberties that America offers all who enter her shores.  Many of these champions I know personally, because cypherpunks have enabled liberty on-line to all takers, without discrimination and without distinction.  Let the prevailing wrath be directed not against those to promote liberty, but those who consciously seek to destroy it.
We need not curtail our liberty in order to save it.  The message is seductive that we may more effectively fight for liberty if we limit our freedoms for a time whose end has yet to be announced.  Yet this is not the message of America, but of several of its vanquished enemies.  For liberty is not fair-weather clothing that may only be worn when the weather is good.  Liberty is rather the jewel in the locket, the most prized possession short of family and life itself.  We diminish ourselves if we rationalize our freedom away in an evanescent fog of rhetoric about efficiency.  Liberty is not efficient; it is expensive and tortuous, and as an American people we desire it before most everything else.
As we enter a new century, let us demonstrate the true strength of an open society -- that it can withstand the threat of demagoguery even as it remains a powerful actor against an external threat.  This is the ideal that our strength may manifest, that a democracy may express its power as a democracy itself, and not as a police state masquerading as one.
I stand with the Federal Congress and sing "America, my home, sweet home."  For I live upon this land and soil, with other people who have set their lives along the course of freedom.  I pray that we may all pass through this dark time with the dignity of our own ideals intact, that we may pass through to the other side with renewed vigor to pursue the cause of freedom over all the earth.  My heart grieves with those who have lost, yet it also rejoices that we might yet undergo this ordeal as a country and emerge stronger and more faithful to our own nature.
May peace be with you all, with the fullness of your existence in tow.
Eric Hughes
[Please feel free to post this at will.]

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:51:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Catallaxy 
Catalaxy (20th Century) Politics/Economics [1]
A theory of a desirable society, set out by the Austrian economist and
political theorist F. A. Hayek (1899-1992).
A 'catallxy' is a market order without planned ends, characterized by the
'spontaneous order' which emerges when individuals pursue their own ends
within a framework set by law and tradition. The function of government is
to maintain the rule of law which guarantees fair and equal procedures,
but is neutral as to goals.
F. A. Hayek , Legislation and Liberty (London, 1982)
[1] Dictionary of Theories
    J. Bothamley
    ISBN 1-57859-045-0
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-13 22:04:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
I can tell you one group that must get the shudders every time Bush or anyone else in the administration says, "These attacks are Acts of War."  Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that both standard property and life insurance policies specifically exempt claims due to acts of war.  Think about the fun and games in the courtrooms of America on THAT issue!

@_date: 2001-09-13 23:43:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
War - conflict by force of arms, as between nations
Terrorism - calculated use of violence, mayhem, and murder to inspire
            terror.
It's a question of scale, not participants. A nation can engage in
terrorism (eg Syria, Libya).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-14 00:07:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
Boo Hoo.
I don't believe that particular 'boundary condition' was included in the
original question/point. In fact, injecting spurious boundary conditions
after the problem is presented (ie "Oh, I meant to include...) is itself
considered bad form, logically speaking.
As to the point, if nations can't participate in terrorism then exactly
what is it that Afghanistan is being theatened with for harboring the
raghead? Exactly why did their leaders go into hiding again? Exactly why is Pakistan running around like a sub-woofie? Exactly why did the US use
F-111's to drop bombs on a particular 'rogue state' for engaging in
'terrorism' (ie Libya)? What exactly do you thing Amin was doing, besides
killing croc's that is...
You've got your beenie wound too tight junior.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-14 07:17:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Google Search: state sponsored terrorism 
Which is irrelevant. The question isn't whether 'terrorism' is an 'act of
war'. The assertion was that 'states' can't engage in 'terrorism'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
            natsugusa ya...tsuwamonodomo ga...yume no ato
            summer grass...those mighty warriors'...dream-tracks
                                            Matsuo Basho
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-17 07:10:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: On Internet and social responsibility 
Actually it does.
None of your examples are 'speech'. You, like many CACL, have a serious
deficiency distinguishing 'act' and 'speech'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it.
                                        George Santyana
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-17 18:10:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: How to ban crypto?  (fwd) 
Carl Ellison , cryptography at wasabisystems.com,
    ukcrypto at chiark.greenend.org.uk, provos at citi.umich.edu
Obviously this means that the stego-mongers are sufficiently good :-)
It's not clear that EBay would be the right place to put stego,
though I suppose it's an interesting idea.
The popular method people discuss is Usenet porn spam;
another obvious approach is webcams, since they're
typically going to have pictures that aren't broadcast everywhere.

@_date: 2001-09-18 17:17:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SIG: The Register - Terror attacks usher in copy controlled hardware 
Terrorism == Copyright infringement? Hollings needs to take a piss test...

@_date: 2001-09-19 07:10:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || Combating Terrorism Act of 2001 - Analyzed 
As usual, you miss the point. It's analysis the 'other way'...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              The future, as always, belongs to the dreamers.
                                             Heinz Pagels
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-19 07:11:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
As usual, you miss the point, they're trying to save their jobs. Crypto is
a means, not the end.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              The future, as always, belongs to the dreamers.
                                             Heinz Pagels
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-19 13:22:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FBI states that terrorists did not use crypto 
Not likely. To require non-anonymous access will require that wireless
cards include crypto AND that hobbyist groups like Wireless Seattle or
Hangar 18 cease free, public access. Nice catch-22 that...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              The future, as always, belongs to the dreamers.
                                             Heinz Pagels
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-20 23:04:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What might have happened on Sept. 11... 
See Isreal...some guy got within 2 hours of an El Al(?) flight
except he blew himself up...All those big tanks and machine guns
doesn't seem to slow those bombers down....keep wishing on that star.
Think it through Peter, if you can.
These people aren't afraid to die. If they knew everyone on the plane was
armed they'd get in various place, throw smoke grenades, and then fire a
couple of rounds and duck, all the trigger happy cowboys would blow each
other away in the confusion.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-21 00:59:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What might have happened on Sept. 11... 
Talk about nonsense....
Since when was 'will' a external state, and just exactly what is an
external state.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-21 01:01:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Op-ed on encryption: Privacy is no longer an argument 
Speaking of ringing hollow...
How does having keys to my house keep somebody from throwing a fire bomb
on it, or driving a car through it?
It don't. It's a bait and switch.
After it's burned down or a big hole in its side a key is rather
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-21 21:00:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Preparedness 
They'll move to Austin, lasty time I checked we were the least likely
place in the entire US to have a quake.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-22 00:09:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Preparedness 
Sorry, but your memory is gone. They didn't stop it from escaping. That(!)
was the whole point of the movie. All the plans, all the technology, the
unknown defeated them and rain dumping the alien organism into the sea
where it was killed by the appropriate pH. Simple blind luck.
(It's out on DVD for about $15)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-22 01:54:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Redux: mass hate 
What ARE you smoking? I did't write that, you did. I just forwarded it
(w/o commentary other than for folks not to take up issue with me since I
didn't write it).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-22 09:03:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fw: [ISN] Aust Defence wont disclose stance on encryption  (fwd) 
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Friday, September 21, 2001 8:38 AM

@_date: 2001-09-22 12:10:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: update.557 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 557  September 20, 2001   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein,
and James Riordon
THE GREENING OF NORTH LATITUDES.  A new study shows
[SSZ: text deleted]
AN ANOMALOUS ACOUSTOELECTRIC EFFECT has been
[SSZ: text deleted]
MULTIPLAYER QUANTUM GAMES.  Played with atoms and
photons rather than dice and coins, quantum games are contests
whose outcomes are governed by the unusual logic of the
submicroscopic world.   The basic token in a quantum game is a
"qubit," a bit of data which is stored in an object such as an atomic
nucleus.  While a classical coin can only be heads (data value 0) or
tails (data value 1), a qubit can effectively be both heads (0) and
tails (1) at the same time, since the nucleus can be in a
combination or superposition of spin-up (0) and spin-down (1). What's more, one can interlink or "entangle" qubits held by
separate players so that manipulating one qubit strongly affects the
others.  More than a diversion, playing quantum games can reveal
new information-processing tasks (possibly even certain types of
financial transactions) that quantum computers could perform
more efficiently than classical computers.  Towards these ends,
theorists have been taking traditional games, adapting them for the
quantum realm, and checking if new or better strategies emerge for
winning.  While past quantum games have focused on two players
(Update 411), Oxford researchers (Patrick Hayden,
Patrick.hayden at qubit.org) have now identified multiplayer games
in which the player's optimal strategy differs from that of the
classical version of the game.  The researchers discovered unique
strategies in a three-player quantum version of the Dilemma game,
in which three partners engaged in a venture (such as getting the
best seats at a concert) each decide whether or not to betray the
others in efforts to maximize personal gain.  In the quantum
version, the qubits are entangled, then each person uses his qubit to
choose between the following strategies: try for good seat (0),
settle for poor seat (1) or some superposition of the two.  Entanglement actually destroys the incentive for a player to
contradict and thereby betray his opponents and it removes the
classical dilemma entirely. Although quantum games are mostly
played on paper at this point, a Chinese group has just reported the
experimental realization of a quantum Prisoner's Dilemma (Los
Alamos preprint quant-ph/0104087).  (Benjamin and Hayden,
Physical Review A, September 2001)

@_date: 2001-09-22 12:21:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Redux: mass hate 
Ah, I'm sorry. I completely misinterpreted your comment (considering its
Isaac Assimov wrote some books called the "Foundation Trilogy". In the
books the science of 'psychohistory' is developed. It supposedly allowed
one to predict the future of socities down to very fine grain detail. When
particular messiah's or important leaders would be born, that sort of
Cliology is a related activity but it's more interested in explaining
more general behaviours (my assumption is that probability prevents the
sort of fine grain proposed by psychohistory) of societies and their
If you've never read the the original books in the series I strongly
suggest that you hit a used book store and spend a few dollars. They are a
good read just for fun even :)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-22 12:23:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Redux: mass hate 
And here I was complimenting you...
Silly me.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-26 17:43:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cooked/umodified lists?  (was: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG...) 
I break them into 'unfiltered' and 'moderated'. The distinction is whether
the node modifies the email based on content to their subscribers. The
nodes themselves pass along a back-bone that is supposed to have zero,
nada, no modification. We all use duplicate filtering.
There is a reason that lne.com is popular. It can on occassion hit
hundreds. It's worth mentioning that even without the spam, the list
traffic is pretty high by most standards that I've ever run across. It can
also be quite heated. If you've got thin skin or can't handle 200 emails a
day (it doesn't run that all the time) in addition to your current load
you might want to stick with lne.com or one of the other moderated nodes.
The policies of the individual nodes are completely up to the node
operator and their individual subscribers. Outside of that I've not kept
up with what each one offers with respect to policy. The SSZ node is
completely unmodified outside of loop detection and adding CDR: to emails
coming FROM ssz.com only, and setting a reply-to: ssz.com for same. This
policy is not based on message content, but message source. I also have an
'anonymizer' account (ie cpunks_anon at ssz.com) which strips all header
information except time and subject. It is intended to provide anonymity
from the list itself (and nothing more).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:03:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Free wireless networking movement gathers speed  
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
         Kill them all, take their land, and go there for vacation.
                                         Rage Against The Machine
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2001-09-27 07:38:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Georgia Public Announcement (fwd) 
GEORGIA Public Announcement
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Office of the Spokesman
September 26, 2001
The U.S. Embassy in Tbilisi has received credible information that American
citizens in Georgia are being targeted for kidnapping.  U.S. citizens are
urged to maintain a high level of vigilance and to take appropriate steps to
enhance their security.  Americans should maintain a low profile, vary
routes and times for all required travel, and if at all possible, are
encouraged not to travel alone or to remote or sparsely inhabited sections
of the city.  U.S. Government personnel have been advised to take the same
precautions.  There is no information to suggest that this threat has any
connection to the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States.
While previous kidnapping concerns have centered around the Pankisi Gorge
north of, and including, Akhmeta and the northern mountainous areas of
Georgia bordering Chechnya and Dagestan, the current threat focuses on the
Tbilisi region.  Furthermore, we can not discount the possibility of a
similar risk to Americans elsewhere in the country.  The Embassy's previous
warnings to avoid travel to the Pankisi Gorge, Ossetia and Abkhazia regions
of Georgia remain in effect.
The Embassy will provide additional information should it become available.
American citizens overseas may contact the American Citizens Services unit
of the U.S. Embassy in Tbilisi by telephone or fax for up-to-date
information on security conditions. The U.S. Embassy in Tbilisi is located
at 25 Atoneli Street, Telephone: (995)(32) 98-99-67; fax (995)(32) 93-37-59.
For further general information regarding travel to Georgia and, in view of
recent events, Americans traveling and residing abroad should monitor
closely the Department's Internet web site at particularly the Department's Worldwide Caution, when considering travel
This Public Announcement expires on November 30, 2001.
 <<...OLE_Obj...>>
 <<...OLE_Obj...>>
U.S. Department of State
Bureau of Consular Affairs
Washington, DC  20520
For recorded travel information, call 202-647-5225
Internet Address:  For information by fax, call 202-647-3000 from your fax machine
               Consular Information Sheet
November 17, 2000
COUNTRY DESCRIPTION:  A mountainous republic situated in the heart of the
Caucasus range, Georgia has borders with Turkey, Armenia, Azerbaijan, and
Russia.  Living conditions are improving, but do not meet Western standards.
Tourist facilities outside of Tbilisi, the capital, are not highly
developed, and many of the goods and services taken for granted in other
countries are not yet available.
ENTRY REQUIREMENTS:  A passport and visa are required.  U.S. citizens may
receive a visa upon arrival at Tbilisi Airport, the Port of Poti, and the
Red Bridge ("Tsiteli Khidi") crossing on Georgia's border with Azerbaijan.
Americans intending to enter Georgia at other points-of-entry must obtain a
visa beforehand at a Georgian embassy or consulate abroad.  Armenian and
Azerbaijani visas are no longer valid for transit through Georgia.
Travelers to Georgia must fill out a customs declaration upon arrival that
is to be presented to customs officials when departing the country.  Failure
to declare currency and items of value can result in fines or other
penalties.  For further information, contact the Embassy of Georgia at 1615
New Hampshire Avenue, N.W., Suite 300, Washington, D.C. 20009, tel. (202)
387-2390, fax (202) 393-4537; Internet: SAFETY AND SECURITY:  The U.S. Embassy advises American citizens to avoid
travel to the separatist-controlled region of Abkhazia.  There are reports
of continued fighting and terrorist activity in Abkhazia (and around
Zugdidi), including attacks and kidnappings of international observers.
These incidents have included bombings and the mining of roads which pose a
serious threat to vehicular traffic.  While Abkhaz "border officials" may
demand that travelers entering the region purchase "visas" from the
so-called "Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Abkhazia," the U.S. Government
does not recognize the separatists' declaration of an Abkhazia independent
from Georgia.  As a result of the restricted access of U.S. officials to
Abkhazia, the ability of the U.S. Government to assist American citizens
there is extremely limited, even in emergencies.  American citizens in areas
of Western Georgia near the Abkhaz border are advised to be aware of their
surroundings at all times and to avoid straying off main roads and traveling
after dark.
American citizens are also advised to avoid travel to other areas of
continuing security concern: specifically, the Pankisi Gorge north of
Akhmeta and the northern mountainous areas of Georgia bordering Chechnya,
Dagestan and Svaneti.  There have been instances of kidnappings for ransom
purposes in these regions.
As a result of a threat posed by banditry and other criminal activities,
American citizens should carefully evaluate the implications for their
security before considering travel to South Ossetia and along the Georgian
Military Highway north of the Gudauri ski resort.
CRIME:  While petty thefts and pickpocketing were previously  the most
common crimes, recently foreigners in Georgia have also been victimized by
muggings, home break-ins and other violent crimes.  Most muggings have
occurred on side streets near Tbilisi's city center.  In all instances, the
mugging victims have first been knocked unconscious by blows to the head.
Petty theft is  particularly a problem on the Tbilisi metro system and in
mini-vans used for public transit.  While the security of overland travel in
Georgia has improved, vehicular and rail traffic remains vulnerable to
robbery.  Americans  visiting or residing in Tbilisi should take the same
precautions they would in any major city where crime can be a problem.
American citizens in Tbilisi are advised to remain aware of their
surroundings at all times, day or night; and to stay off dark or unlit
streets even when traveling in a group; to avoid carrying large sums of
cash; and to be particularly cautious of being singled out for victimization
at establishments frequented by foreigners.
The loss or theft abroad of a U.S. passport should be reported immediately
to the local police and the nearest U.S. Embassy or Consulate.  U.S.
citizens may refer to the Department of State's pamphlet "A Safe Trip
Abroad" for ways to promote a more trouble-free journey. Additional
information on the region can be found in the brochure "Tips for Travelers
to Russia and the Newly Independent States."  Both publications are
available from the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing
Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, via the Internet at
 or via the Bureau of Consular Affairs
home page at MEDICAL FACILITIES:  Medical care in Georgia is limited.  There is a severe
shortage of basic medical supplies, including disposable needles,
anesthetics, and antibiotics.  Elderly travelers and those with pre-existing
health problems may be at risk due to inadequate medical facilities.
Georgian doctors and hospitals often expect immediate cash payment before
rendering medical services.
MEDICAL INSURANCE:  U.S. medical insurance is not always valid outside the
United Sates.  U.S. Medicare and Medicaid programs do not provide payment
for medical services outside the United States.  Doctors and hospitals often
expect immediate cash payment for health services.  Uninsured travelers who
require medical care overseas may face extreme difficulties.
Check with your own insurance company to confirm whether your policy applies
overseas, including provision for medical evacuation, and for adequacy of
coverage.  Serious medical problems requiring hospitalization and/or medical
evacuation to the United States can cost tens of thousands of dollars.
Ascertain whether payment will be made to the overseas hospital or doctor or
whether you will be reimbursed later for expenses you incur.  Some insurance
policies also include coverage for psychiatric treatment and for disposition
of remains in the event of death.
Useful information on medical emergencies abroad, including overseas
insurance programs, is provided in the department of state's bureau of
consular affairs brochure "Medical Information for Americans Traveling
Abroad," available via the bureau of consular affairs home page or autofax:
(202) 647-3000.
OTHER HEALTH INFORMATION:  Information on vaccinations and other health
precautions may be obtained from the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention's hotline for international travelers at 1-877-FYI-TRIP
(1-877-394-8747); fax 1-888-CDC-FAXX (1-888-232-3299), or via the CDC's
Internet site at TRAFFIC SAFETY AND ROAD CONDITIONS:  While in a foreign country, U.S.
citizens may encounter road conditions which differ significantly from those
in the United States.  The information below concerning Georgia is provided
for general reference only, and may not be totally accurate in a particular
location or circumstance.
Safety of Public Transportation:            Fair
Urban Road Conditions/Maintenance:  Poor
Rural Road Conditions/Maintenance:   Poor
Availability of Roadside Assistance:     Poor
As in the United States, vehicular traffic in Georgia moves along the right
side of roadways.  Speed limits range from 80 to 100 km/hr. on highways, and
from 60 to 90 km/hr. on urban thoroughfares.  Motorists are not permitted to
make right turns on red at traffic lights.  While legislation mandating seat
belt use has yet to be enacted, drivers and passengers are nevertheless
strongly advised to buckle-up on Georgian Roads.  Children under seven (7)
years of age are required to be restrained in child-safety seats.  Under
Georgian law, a driver may be considered to be driving under the influence
of alcohol with any blood alcohol concentration exceeding zero.
Inter-City travel in Georgia by bus and public minivan is readily available,
and expanding and improved train service links the capital to most large
cities and towns.  It is also possible to hire private taxis for inter-city
travel at a reasonable cost.
The state road police, who come under the authority of the Ministry of
Internal Affairs, are responsible for maintaining road safety in Georgia.
As many local drivers do not operate their vehicles in accordance with
established road rules, motorists should exercise extreme caution when
driving, and pedestrians should be careful when crossing streets.
Roads in Georgia are generally in poor condition and often lack shoulder
markings and centerlines. In addition, traffic signals may not work as a
result of power outages and burned-out bulbs. Undivided two-lane roads
connect most major cities, and motorists attempting to pass other vehicles
may encounter oncoming high-speed traffic.  Driving at night can be
especially dangerous.  Travel on mountain roads is treacherous in both rain
and snow, and heavy snowfalls may make some roads impassable.  During the
first ten months of the year 2000, 375 traffic related fatalities and 1,670
traffic-related injuries were reported to the state road police.  These
figures indicate that the fatality and injury rate on Georgian roads is
several times the U.S. rate.
For additional information about road safety, including links to foreign
government sites, see the Department of State, Bureau of Consular Affairs
home page at  html.
AVIATION SAFETY OVERSIGHT:  As there is no direct commercial air service by
local carriers at present, or economic authority to operate such service,
between the U.S. and Georgia, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
has not assessed Georgia's Civil Aviation Authority for compliance with
international aviation safety standards.
For further information, travelers may contact the Department of
Transportation within the U.S. at tel. 1-800-322-7873, or visit the FAA
Internet home page at    The U.S.
Department of Defense (DOD) separately assesses some foreign air carriers
for suitability as official providers of air services. For information
regarding the DOD policy on specific carriers, travelers may contact DOD at
tel. 618-229-4801.
Power outages have occasionally disabled Tbilisi Airport's guidance beacon
for short periods of time, forcing aircraft to land using visual flight
CRIMINAL PENALTIES:  While in a foreign country, a U.S. citizen is subject
to that country's laws and regulations, which sometimes differ significantly
from those in the United States and may not afford the protections available
to the individual under U.S. law. Penalties for breaking the law can be more
severe than in the United States for similar offenses. Persons violating the
laws of Georgia, even unknowingly, may be expelled, arrested, or imprisoned.
Penalties for possession, use, or trafficking in illegal drugs are strict
and convicted offenders can expect jail sentences and fines.
CURRENCY INFORMATION:  While the Georgian Lari is the only legal tender,
dollars can be freely exchanged for Laris at market rates.  Credit cards are
rarely accepted outside of upscale hotels and restaurants, and travelers'
checks are difficult to cash.
CHILDREN'S ISSUES:  For information on international adoption of children
and international parental child abduction please refer to our Internet site
at  or telephone (202)
REGISTRATION AND EMBASSY LOCATION:  U.S. citizens living in or visiting
Georgia are strongly encouraged to register at the Consular Section of the
U.S. Embassy in Tbilisi, where they may obtain updated information on travel
and security within Georgia.  The U.S. Embassy in Tbilisi is located at 25
Atoneli Street, tel. (995)(32)98-99-67 or (995)(32)98-99-68, fax
*  *  *
This replaces the Consular Information Sheet for Georgia dated October 5,
2000, to update the sections on Crime and Traffic Safety and Road
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2002-08-07 06:41:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Test #1 [No Reply] 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-08-10 13:14:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Bullshit Russ, plausable deniability alone justifies such behaviour.
Who sent them is irrelevant except to cultists of personality (eg CACL
Base your analysis on facts and experiment.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                  Conform and be dull......J. Frank Dobie
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-08-10 16:04:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
What has 'authority' got to do with it? Arguments from authority are
-worthless-. Make up your own mind as to its validity, who cares about
their 'proof'.
-Who- is irrelevant. What damns his argument -is- his appeal to
-authority-. Anyone who bases their argument on 'He said...' has already
lost the discussion and invalidated any point they might make. It's one of
the primary fallacies of (for example) Tim May and his consistent appeal
to who he knows or what 'they' said.
We agree, what I don't understand is why you keep expecting that dead
horse to get up...keep asking those damning questions!!!! ;)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                  Conform and be dull......J. Frank Dobie
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-01-01 07:55:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop (fwd) 
> 1.  Cryptography does not fit human life styles easily.
 > 2.  Novel technologies take a long time to diffuse through society.
to which I would add:
3. Cryptography, and therefore PKI, is meaningless unless you first
define a threat model.  In all the messages with this Subject, I've
only see one person even mention "threat model".  Think about the
varying threat models, and the type of cryptography one would propose
to address them.  Even the most common instance of encryption,
encrypted web forms for hiding credit card numbers, suffers from
addressing a limited threat model.  There's a hell of a lot of known
plaintext there.

@_date: 2002-01-01 09:10:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: More CP movies 
"The Code"
"The Matrix"
"Mercury Rising"
"Our Man Flint"
"I Spy"
"The Net"
"Matt Helm"
"James Bond"
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-01-02 15:13:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CP movies?  
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-01-03 18:38:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What is a 'right'? 
It's interesting you don't quote the following paras that addresses this
exact point (ie isolation).
Blipverts strike again.
'right' has nothing to do with 'ability'. One has a right to speech even
if one is deaf or dumb. 'right' is a function of existing and defending
that existance against threat.
Exactly my point...
You agree with me, will wonders never cease?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-01-08 07:44:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fw: What is WEF? (fwd) 
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Monday, January 07, 2002 12:26 PM

@_date: 2002-01-08 14:51:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: VoxCRYPT Advanced Digital Scrambler (fwd) 
YMMV..."I know nothing..."
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: Vita Lorenzen Dear Internet User,
We are contacting you because we believe you may be interested in Encrypted
Did you know that unless your internet voice communications are encrypted,
everybody can use TCP/IP "packet sniffers" to monitor your chat and
jeopordise your privacy ? Unfortunately, default voice chat services are as
private as postcards or simple radio transmissions.
Secure Dimensions Corporation invites you to evaluate a new military-grade
secure internet phone software for MS Windows 95/98/ME/NT/2000.
VoxCRYPT Advanced Digital Scrambler protects your voice chats and saves your
encryption keys on special 128-bit 3DES smartcards (processor cards), the
These are just a FEW of the impressive VoxCRYPT features:
- Lightning fast 128-bit Blowfish audio stream encryption.
- Military-grade NATO LPC-10 audio compression permitting real-time
  voice chats on networks starting at 9600 Bps.
- Mobile IP phone capability using laptops with GSM phones & PCMCIA modems.
- Redundant transmission mode allowing voice chats even on congested
  or unreliable networks by sending many packet copies.
- Built-in answer machine.
- Built-in diagnostic and profiling tools.
- Extensive help.
VoxCRYPT renders packet-sniffers absolutely useless and shields your voice
independently of the nature of your network connection.
Learn more about VoxCRYPT at KEYS MANAGEMENT
Are you able to remember a good 32 characters key like
[%6"kjq87(/2('?ha$hql56oi1309] ? And how to manage, let's say, 64 keys
of this strength ? You will end up saving the keys on your computer's
hard-disk, or write down the key on a paper, or just use keys like
[MyPetName], etc...
The VoxCARD was designed to provide an elegant and efficient solution to the
problem of strong encryption keys management. With the VoxCARD, you may use
the most cryptic keys for your connections records, but in order to retrieve
them, you just need to remember one single password, the password of your
As ultimate protection against unauthorised use, the VoxCARD is able to
delete all the stored records after 7 unsucessfull login attempts. VoxCARD
will not let anyone access your strategic data.
Learn more about the VoxCARD at
DYNAMIC DNS SERVICES (DDNS)
If you rely on Dynamic IP addresses (the variable IP address that your ISP
assigns you every time you connect to the Internet), you will welcome the
connectivity achieved through Dynamic DNS services available at no charge.
You just need to create a virtual host name and to download a little piece
of software (IP updater). The updater running on your machine will detect
your new IP every time you connect to the internet and update the IP of your
virtual host. This way, by knowing your virtual host name, any person will
be able to call you whatever IP was assigned to you by your ISP. As added
benefit, because many sites offer free DDNS, you are not bound to a
proprietary connection system, unlike most other internet phone products.
Learn more at VOXCRYPT DEMO
You may use the VoxCRYPT software even without VoxCARD. However, advanced
features like encryption and NATO LPC-10 audio compression will not be
You may download the software at ENCRYPTED TELEPHONY BUNDLE
Our online shop offers Encrypted Internet Telephony bundles containing all
the hardware you need to enjoy a new internet telephony experience right
away !
You may visit our shop at Sincerely yours,
Secure Dimensions Corporation
IT Products Division, Panama
NO SPAM POLICY
If you believe you received this email by mistake, please accept our
apologies. By replying to this message with the word "REMOVE" in the subject
your email address will be removed from our database and you will not
receive any further message from Secure Dimensions Corp. This email complies
with the proposed United States Federal bill for commercial e-mail: Section
301 Paragraph (a)(2)(C) of S. 1618.

@_date: 2002-01-08 15:41:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ System Update = Downtime Alert 
Recently I sent a note out describing some of the future changes that SSZ
would be going through. Well, one of those changes is here. In something
approaching two weeks the T1 will be installed and the various name servers
will be swapped over. As a result of propogation delay we expect 2-3 days of
service outage. We'll also be upgrading various systems as well during this
downtime. We apologize for any inconvenience and will try to minimize any
service outages.
Another change will be the elimination of all the SSZ mailing lists except
the Cypherpunks, Hangar 18, & Club Inferno. The rest will be moved over onto
the Open Forge machine or eliminated. Further info on this soon.
We are still undecided on which of the Open Source
code/document/media/project management packages we will end up with. If you have a distinct (dis)like for one or more of the current packages I'd appreciate hearing your reasoning.
The Hangar 18 Plan 9 file server should be online sometime in March. It will
be a single 80G namespace. We will then begin work on the processor farm.
Our current estimate is to have approximately 6-8 machines available
sometime late this summer.
We currently have one 802.11b AP active in N. Austin (near Target on 183).
Another node in Hyde Park (Duval & 48th) will be coming online in the near
term. They are NOT usually accessible at this time. These two nodes share the T1 by a dedicated ISDN connection. These are components of the Hangar 18 co-op
effort here in Austin. We are currently finalizing access policies and writing the web pages. Notices will be sent out on the Hangar 18 mailing list.
For more info:
Plan 9
Hangar 18
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-01-13 21:12:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Liability issues in computer security (fwd) 
For those who don't normally read it, the December issue of ;login (which
you'll eventually be able to get at if you're not a member) has a nice legal analysis of the issue of liability for
negligent computer security.  It's probably the best (and certainly the most
detailed) discussion I've seen on this topic (unless there's something hidden
in an obscure law journal somewhere which I'm not aware of).

@_date: 2002-01-15 07:42:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
This is not concrete, it is flawed.
You(!) first have to demonstrate that people and nations operate on the
same rules and laws.
They don't...
Further, your 'distinction' actually begs the question in that your
example was built to lead to your conclusion.
Further, you need to demonstrate that A's ONLY(!!!) offense is blocking
the driveway AND that that act did not itself perpetuate another event
which COULD lead to an unintentional death or murder. Why was A blocking
the driveway again?...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-01-15 15:13:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Yemen - Public Announcement (fwd) 
Yemen - Public Announcement
January 14, 2002
The Department of State has received reports indicating a credible terrorist
threat to U.S. interests in Yemen, including the U.S. Embassy. In response,
the American Embassy in Sanaa has taken a number of measures to further
increase its already hightened security posture. As part of that response,
the Embassy in Sanaa has temporarily suspended public services, including
immigrant visa and routine American citizen services, beginning Monday,
January 14. Non-immigrant visa processing has been restricted since
September 12, 2001.
Americans requiring emergency citizen services can contact the Consular
Section at 303-155.
As stated in the Travel Warning for Yemen dated December 3, 2001, the U.S.
Embassy urges American citizens in Yemen to maintain their vigilance and
take appropriate steps to lessen their vulnerability. Americans should
continue to keep a low profile, vary routes and times of travel, and avoid
large crowds and demonstrations. They should also continue to treat mail
from unfamiliar sources with suspicion. American citizens in Yemen should
exercise particular caution at locations associated with foreigners, such as
the Sanaa Trade Center, American-affiliated franchises, restaurants and
shops in the Haddah area, and, in Aden and elsewhere, at restaurants and
hotels frequented by expatriates.
If U.S. citizens believe they are being followed or threatened while driving
in Yemen, they should proceed as quickly as possible to the nearest police
station or major intersection and request assistance from the blue-and-white
police cars stationed there. The Embassy strongly recommends that American
citizens lock all their car doors and keep their windows rolled up when
For further information concerning travel to Yemen, travelers should consult
the Department of State's Travel Warning and Consular Information Sheet for
Yemen at This Public Announcement supplements the Travel Warning for Yemen dated
December 3, 2001, to report recent threat information and the temporary
suspension of routine public services by the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa.
This Public Announcement Expires on February 14, 2002.
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2002-07-02 07:08:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Worldwide Caution Public Announcement (fwd) 
Worldwide Caution Public Announcement
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Office of the Spokesman
July 1, 2002
This Worldwide Caution supersedes the previous Worldwide Caution of March
17, 2002 to alert Americans to the need to remain vigilant during the
upcoming summer season and to remind them of the continuing threat of
terrorist actions which may target civilians and include suicide operations.
This Worldwide Caution expires on October 1, 2002.
The U.S. Government continues to receive credible indications that extremist
individuals are planning additional terrorist actions against U.S.
interests.  Such actions may be imminent and include suicide operations.  We
have no further information on specific targets, timing or method of attack.
We remind American citizens to remain vigilant with regard to their personal
security and to exercise caution.
Terrorist groups do not distinguish between official and civilian targets.
Recent attacks on worshippers at a church and synagogue underline the
growing possibility that as security is increased at official U.S.
facilities, terrorists and their sympathizers will seek softer targets.
These may include facilities where Americans are generally known to
congregate or visit, such as clubs, restaurants, places of worship, schools
or outdoor recreation events.  Americans should increase their security
awareness when they are at such locations, avoid them, or switch to other
locations where Americans in large numbers generally do not congregate.
American citizens may be targeted for kidnapping.
U.S. Government facilities worldwide remain at a heightened state of alert.
These facilities may temporarily close or suspend public services from time
to time to review their security posture and ensure its adequacy.  In those
instances, U.S. Embassies and Consulates will make every effort to provide
emergency services to American citizens.  Americans are urged to monitor the
local news and maintain contact with the nearest American Embassy or
As the Department continues to develop information on any potential security
threats to Americans overseas, it will share with them credible threat
information through its Consular Information Program documents.  These
documents are available on the Internet at   In
addition to information on the Internet, U.S. travelers may hear recorded
information by calling the Department of State in Washington, D.C. at
202-647-5225 from their touch-tone telephone, or receive information by
automated telefax by dialing 202-647-3000 from their fax machine.
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2002-07-02 11:50:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | More on Riemann Hypothesis (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-02 11:51:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - indymedia.nl loses anarchist hyperlink case (UK) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-02 16:27:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NewsForge: Zimmermann to Network Associates: Sell PGP back to me, or  open-source it (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-02 19:58:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's up with openpgp.net? 
Received: (from cpunks at localhost)
Received: from localhost (localhost)
Message-Id: <200207022348.SAA30729 at einstein.ssz.com>
This is a MIME-encapsulated message
The original message was received at Tue, 2 Jul 2002 18:47:41 -0500
from cpunks at localhost
   ----- The following addresses had permanent fatal errors -----
cypherpunks at openpgp.net
   ----- Transcript of session follows -----
... while talking to domains.invweb.net.:
<<< 451 4.7.1 Please try again later
... while talking to router.invlogic.com.:
<<< 550 5.7.1 ... Relaying denied. IP name lookup failed [207.200.56.4]
550 cypherpunks at openpgp.net... User unknown
Reporting-MTA: dns; einstein.ssz.com
Arrival-Date: Tue, 2 Jul 2002 18:47:41 -0500
Final-Recipient: RFC822; cypherpunks at openpgp.net
Action: failed
Status: 5.1.1
Remote-MTA: DNS; router.invlogic.com
Diagnostic-Code: SMTP; 550 5.7.1 ... Relaying denied. IP name lookup failed [207.200.56.4]
Last-Attempt-Date: Tue, 2 Jul 2002 18:48:06 -0500

@_date: 2002-07-04 23:28:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks - Montly Meet - July 9, 2002 
Time:                July 9, 2002
                     Second Tuesday of each month                      7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
Location:            Central Market HEB Cafe
                     38th and N. Lamar
                     Weather permitting we meet in the un-covered tables.
                     If it's inclimate but not overly cold we meet in the                      outside covered section. Otherwise look for us inside
                     the building proper.
Identification:      Look for the group with the "Applied Cryptography"
                     book. It will have a red cover and is about 2 in. thick.
Contact Info:         --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-10 11:58:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quantum Computing Puts Encrypted Messages at Risk (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-10 11:58:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Scientist - Digital copyright protection goes mobile (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-10 11:59:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Software.Linux.Com - pdfcrypt (Linux) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-10 12:01:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Microsoft Claims IP Rights on Portions of OpenGL (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-10 12:02:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Cable Companies Saying No to WiFi Sharing (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 17:30:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NewsForge: Gilmore's donation will create P2P program to compete with  for-pay RPM update services  (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 17:30:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Network Intrusion Detection Systems Fail to Impress (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 17:31:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Latest UDRP Stupidity: Unix.org, Canadian.biz (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 17:31:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mercury News | 07/10/2002 | Industry coalition to unveil details for  Internet ID system (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 17:32:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: :: New Statesman :: The extinction of species and why it matters more  than you thing (Small World Network) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 17:33:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Technology Review - Ghana's Digital Dilemma (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 18:31:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ Downtime - This weekend 
There will be a scheduled system upgrade beginning tomorrow evening
through Sunday evening. Reliability will suffer.
Use my Open Forge address for contacts in the interim.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 18:55:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rant: The U.S. facing the largest financial collapse ever 
The problem with your analysis is that it completely misses the impact of
the extended lifetimes (~150 years for anyone alive in or after 2020 that
doesn't die from accident or intent) that are going to accrue. And it's
only going to go up from there. Within 200 years the effective lifetimes
will be irrelevant. The current insurance and investment industry is
toast in about 20 years.
The current economics is based (unknowningly) on 'fast cycle' times
regarding resources and how quickly resources get returned to the pool as
individuals and such die out (it's that 'property right' thing). That is
about to change, so rapidly it will be a eyeblink (something 2-3 years)
compared to anything before.
Coupled with this is the DECREASED interaction between groups that these
technologies foster. They will create a force to fractionalize the
'market' into smaller more goal focused groups.
An additional stressor, and one which all current estimates ignore, is the
3rd World. One day in the very near future we will all, across the globe,
get up one morning and be confronted with a virus based solution for aging
(at least as we currently understand it). If a small group of people (ala
Beggars in Spain) are allowed and the rest are denied then a 'social
divide' (aka All hell breaking out all over at one time) is going to
occur. It will be violent, and it will have a negative effect on the
technology curve. This saving technology might kill us via side effects.
People came together because the technology wasn't there to allow them to
live alone. One day soon technology will reverse this as the level of
technology that is possible, compared to the level of technology in
general, to that available to the individual will become unity.
Why unity? Because technology will not, can not, extend forever. It will
not go on and on. The universe is too filled with 'exclusion rules' to
allow this. Yes the technology is rising exponentialy, because it's
a function of tanh. Thermodynamics will not be denied. [1]
Couple this with the fact that irrespective of the technology level the
Earth doesn't have the resources to support life indefinitely. The Earth
is not indefinite. This has some serious implication of its own.
The most important is that we must get off the planet as a race. Living on
planets that support life should, and will, become gardens where people
visit on vacations. Too precious to waste on individual ego. This implies
that mankinds future is to the stars.
But this very boundary condition limits the time that a planet has to get
off the planet, or drown in its own waste. My estimate is that it's about
200-250 years and we're about 50 years into it. We're not doing very well.
This also raises another potential explanation of why we don't see Roger.
The vast majority (as in asymptotic to 1) don't make it within the 200
year window. The result is a slow slide to eternity with the planet
getting more fucked up on a daily basis.
If you really understood what was going on, you wouldn't give a shit about
Social Security.
Tim's understanding of human psychology is about as swift as his
understanding of the Uncertainty Principle and running time 'backward'. As
usual he confuses ego and individual perspective as some universal. He
just can't seem to grasp the concept of 'observer dependency'. I guess
that's another example of 'May Pole Physics'.
ps I'm back, as I slowly dig out from a two month blizzard of work...
[1] As a complete aside, the realy interesting question here is will when
    it is all said and done, will the maximum technology allow the
    creation of other cosmoses? It would certainly explain why we don't
    see Roger Ramjet scooting around on a daily basis.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-11 21:31:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Finding encrytion algorithm 
Wrong, not all RNG's have the same statistical output. There is -nothing-
in the requirement for a RNG that requires it (radiation sources are not
equiprobable for example, they're much more 'zero' than 'one'). There may
be boundary conditions on crypto applications that require equiprobable
distributions with respect to characters or strings (that 'k' thing
again, see Knuth). But that doesn't apply to -all- RNG's or their
applications by a long shot.
Also, 'random noise' is redundent. 'Noise' is by -definition- random,
otherwise it wouldn't be noise, it would have a correlation factor, once
you found it you could remove the noise (assuming of course its
computationaly tractible).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-12 11:56:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Coble-Berman Bill Would Restrict Fair Use (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-12 11:56:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | AT&T Concerned About H2K2 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-12 11:59:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Transistors Spin Toward Quantum Computing (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-12 17:41:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | A Lawyer's View on the OpenGL Patent Mess (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-12 17:42:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Roll Call: Byrd to fight homeland bill (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-12 17:42:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Scientist - Hunt for hidden web messages goes on (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-13 12:29:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Finding encrytion algorithm 
A RNG is a character or string generator whose generation algorithm
prevents prediction of the next output if one knows all the previous
outputs and the algorithm. In other words if you know everything there is
to know about the generator your odds of predicting the next output state
are even - pure luck - 'Fair'.
A PRNG is one that fails the RNG test.
Read Knuth, you should also check out,
Exploring Randomness
G.J. Chaitin
ISBN 1-85233-417-7
Has some interesting insite on randomness, some of his propositions are
not exactly same old same old. Interesting read.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-13 14:20:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Finding encrytion algorithm 
Perhaps a simpler example. Let's look at a 'fair' coin and what that means
in the real world.
A normal coin (or any nDx for that matter [1]) for short sequences is
random. In other words if you record a game sequence and then replay the
game the die sequence won't have any statistical correlation. Knowing what
happened last time won't help you this time, the 'window of opportunity'
with respect to statistical bias isn't large enough, so the game is
But!, if you throw that coin once a second for a billion years you will
find that -no- coin is really -fair-. This goes back to k-sequences and
Knuth. Go back and then start throwing it again, and if your sequence is
long enough you can use this known bias from the first experiment to
increase your percentage of 'hits' in the second sequence. In other words
you can now prove experimentaly the coin isn't fair and what that bias is.
This is related to 'Hypothesis Testing'. It's rather strange, but I happen
to be rereading a book, "The Mathematical Sciences: A Collection of
Essays" (LoC# 69-12750) put out by some group called COSRIMS in about
1969. I remember the book because somebody gave it to me (I was about 9 or
10 at the time) to read, and it has an insane bright yellow cover. I
recently came across it again in a used bookstore for $10 so I bought it.
It's basically a bunch of chapters on various issues of math research with
the intent of focusing high school and undergrads to pursue mathematical
careers by giving examples of what you might be working on. The chapter
"Statistical Inference" (by J. Kiefer) uses an example of a coin and a
3-run sequence to determine the actual bias of the coin (the example is
very simple, the coin is very biased). You should be able to still find
the book in public libraries and college libraries. I'm sure more modern
texts on hypothesis testing will be just as relevant.
The vast majority of RNG's that we use are really PRNG's, we just don't
collect enough data on them to be able to demonstrate that. Or the
sequence of interest is so short we dont' care.
[1] A coin is a 1D2, two coins would be 2D2, for example. Who said
    wargaming was worthless ;)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-13 22:35:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fakes... (fwd) 
There is something extremely wrong with every single
person in this world. They seem to be part of a
pointless simulation.
"The Matrix" has portrayed this idea somewhat, yet we
watch it and go back to our daily lives.  Yet in this
very life, underneath the seeming diversity in
people's opinions, values, talents, and interests,
there is something that makes everyone the same.  It
is as though this planet is populated only by mindless
fakes, objects that provide the appearance of
intellect on the surface but are based on only
mechanical reflexes and primitive thought patterns.
I don't really care if anything I say has been said
before, if it was portrayed in movies, in books, or in
the lyrics of some useless song. With 6 billion people
covering the globe at any given time, thousands and
thousands of years of written literature, probability
dictates almost any combination of words has occurred
numerous times. Yet there is clear evidence there was
no action, so those words, just like the people who
spoke them, must have been just more fakes. I am
forced to use this language (also created by the
fakes) because there is no alternative, so everything
I write here could be misunderstood to make me sound
like one of them, but it will be the action that I
take and the dedication that will separate me from
In my estimation the fakes that occupy this planet
don't make up 99%, but more like 99.9999999% of the
population. I know this because I've searched, and in
my search have so far only found one true ally (I have
found him via the internet as well). But even with
those numbers we would not give up because there is no
logic in giving up. The people on this planet are all fakes because the
societies have made them this way. Ideas that populate
people's minds have no logic or purpose. Concepts such
as religion, god, morality, individualism, freedom,
identity, happiness, love and billions of others are
all just memes. Like parasites they infect the minds
and spread from one person to the next. They have no
point or purpose; they exist without any logical basis
or foundation. The fakes are completely controlled by
them, and they will never see beyond them. To not be
controlled by them one must do more then just realize
that they exist. One must resist any ideas that have
no point, endlessly question, and never accept
imperfection or compromise in any answer.
We (myself and my ally) are different though. While we
have had the limitation of existing only in these
societies, something has made it possible for us to
resist being indoctrinated into becoming one of those
fakes. We have no arbitrary wants, needs, desires, or
preferences. If this world continues to exist the way it is then
nothing in it will ever have a point. It will always
be just a product of random evolution, one with no
importance or relevance. The only logical goal is to
dedicate our lives to increasing our numbers, those
that aren't fakes, so that in thousands of years our
numbers may be such that the fakes would no longer be
a threat to progress.
Those that join us must see every other person
occupying this planet as the enemy, and us as their
only allies. Like us they must have dedication only to
taking the most logical action, and to nothing else.
To tell you more about us, we've posted some personal
information about ourselves on a website. You'll also
find past responses to us on that webpage.  Obviously anyone reading this email is most likely
just another fake. Do not simply reply to this email,
if you do your message will almost certainly be
ignored. If you do wish to communicate, first
demonstrate your interest by taking the effort to
find us online, one of the ways to do that is
described below.
Use a major search engine to search for every
combination of any two words from the list below.
The order of the words shouldn't matter as long as
you do not search for them in quotes, but generally
it should be clear what words can go together and
in what order. Also when you pick the right combination you shouldn't need to look at more then the first matches.
There are actually at least 7 (or more) different combinations and websites you can find by searching this list. The one you should contact will clearly
say it is the 'communication' page and will have
three forms to fill out. Mention what sites you did
find, the more effort it seems you took the more
likely we would believe in your dedication.
There is no trick to this and this isn't meant to be
quick, it should, however, be fairly clear if/when you
find the right site. The following search engines were
verified by us, please use any of them as other search
engines may simply not list us correctly: Yahoo, Google, InfoSeek, Lycos, MSN, LookSmart, HotBot,
InfoSpace, Ask.com, AllTheWeb, Teoma, WebCrawler,
AltaVista, AOL Search, Netscape Search, Dogpile.
If this can't be solved, or if you never reach us, there should be no reason for you to give up as we will never give up and thus there will always be some way to find us.
Ryan and Jacob
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Autos - Get free new car price quotes

@_date: 2002-07-14 09:33:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Atmospheric noise & fair coin flipping 
Depends on what you mean by fair and how long you have to throw it to get
a usable string. If you're using it to play a game over the span of a few
minutes to a few days, probably most coins are 'fair'. If you need to use
it over a very long period (very few current applications I'll grant you )
then no coin is 'fair'.
Note that this bias of the coin isn't a function of air resistance, it
would still show the bias in space; though it might be a bit different in
atmosphere than in space - the faces are not the same. What makes the
difference is the distribution of mass and where the resultant CG is
located. Any two coins will have a slightly different CG location within
the volume of the coin.
See 2nd Law & Uncertainty Principle.
A thunderstorm is not random. By 'atomospheric noise' you're making
refrence to the individual particles that strike your eardrum (seashore
in a shell effect). Not quite the same thing, your wording is too vague to
be meaningfull.
Actually these tests are not perfect and are used on 'short' strings. A
string from a supposad RNG that's only a few million billion gigabytes
long isn't a very long string. It's also probably not boing to be used for
very long at each invocation, so the discrepency is below the error.
The point is these tests are statistical. They say, only with a certain
degree of confidence (in other words "I could be wrong") that the string
looks 'random'.
Several physical systems, radioactive decay and magnetic pendulums being
my two favorite examples, are random by definition. If they aren't then
the world would be a lot different place than it is.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-14 09:40:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Quantum Computing Puts Encrypted Messages at Risk (fwd) 
Random photons in optical systems are easy to get at hight speed, a flame.
BEC's also have the capability to make some significant breaks in the
security of optical encryption. For example, one can trap a photon in a
BEC, measure it's parameters at one of the BEC-component atoms, then
re-emit the photon without changing its state (the trick is we are
measuring a part of the photon not the entire photon, and the photon is
standing still - frozen in time).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-14 13:45:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Atmospheric noise & fair coin flipping 
Ignore Tim. Keep asking your questions.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-14 13:47:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Which universe are we in? (tossing tennis balls into  spinning props) 
Other rules do; Uncertaintly Principle, 2nd Law for starters.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-15 11:47:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NewsForge: Can newspapers help make record companies obsolete? (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-15 11:48:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Salon.com Technology | It's time for ICANN to go (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-15 16:36:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Hackers help counter Net censorship - July 15, 2002 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-15 16:37:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Security industry's hacker-pimping slammed (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-15 16:39:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Which universe are we in? (tossing tennis balls into   spinning  props) 
Yes it does, it says that any time you measure a system it WILL be in an
unknown state after the measurement. No if's, no but's. It effects photons
(which I challenge you to demonstrate has 'charge') as well as electrons
and protons. It's universal. It's about measuring, not about what is being
The 2nd also comes into play because any mechanism you use to 'manipulate'
that internal state must also effect that state in a negative way.
You're screwed two ways from Sunday.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-15 16:40:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Las Vegas SUN: Lindh Pleads Guilty in Surprise Deal (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-15 16:41:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - New e-mail virus found in Japan - July 15, 2002 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-15 16:41:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Sneaky history at new spy museum - July 15, 2002 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-18 18:00:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 385-3 vote: House OKs life sentences for hackers 
Not necessarily, the driver could hit a telephone pole. Or drive a truck
laden with toxic chemicals off the road on top of a bridge upstream from a
water intake...
It's politicing at the expense of the nation.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-18 18:33:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Virus_trouv=E9s_dans_un_mail?= (fwd) 
Nous avons dtects un virus dans un des mails que vous avez envoy.
Vous tes peut-tre victime d'une infection virale. Veuillez prendre toute vos dispositions pour faire vrifier votre poste de
travail. Vous trouverez ci-dessous un rapport gnr automatiquement par notre anti-virus.
Service de l'Informatique du Gouvernement
BP 4574 Papeete
98713 Papeete
Polynsie Franaise
Tel: (689) 544.366
mail : support at informatique.gov.pf

@_date: 2002-07-18 20:40:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested Reading 
Espionage: An encyclopedia of spies and secrets
R.M. Bennett (Forward by Bamford)
ISBN 1-85227-942-7
$30 US
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-18 20:40:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Time Warner to Allow Digital Recording (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-18 20:42:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Suddenly a JPEG Patent and Licensing Fee (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-18 20:43:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - PCs part of national cyberspace protection plan - July 18,  2002 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-18 20:45:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Scientist - Quantum entanglement stronger than suspected  (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-18 20:45:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Crypto Restrictions Are Taking Over the World (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-19 19:35:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Scientist - Second Law of Thermodynamcis "Broken" (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-19 19:35:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Plumbing the Personal Data Depths (datamining, intelligence, & privacy) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-19 19:38:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NewsForge: Signals in the noise: Peter Wayner's new book on  steganography (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-19 19:39:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Hacker mailing list goes corporate ( Symantec buys BugTraq) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-22 18:11:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NewsForge: Commerce Dept. to invite consumer groups to discuss DRM (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-22 18:13:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Student Gadfly Runs Afoul of American U. (washingtonpost.com) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-22 18:14:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - IETF puts weight behind AES (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-22 18:14:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ZDNet: Story: Hey thief! You just TRY stealing this notebook (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-22 18:14:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || Government Audited v Public Source E-Voting (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:09:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Schmidt Predicts Digital Sky Is Falling (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:09:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | MPAA vs. Television (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:10:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - UK unveils Open Source policy, may make it 'default'  option (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:10:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - NTL loses key email wiretap case on appeal (UK) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:11:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - No more JPEG's - ISO to withdraw image standard (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:11:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NewsForge: Rethinking spam (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:11:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Scientist - Gene patents "inhibit innovation" (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:12:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Business of America - July 2002 - Pushing the Envelope (in the  1860's) - The birth of the global village (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:13:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Suit filed against UNC seeks to block required reading of  Islamic book - July 23, 2002 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-23 18:13:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NewsForge: AFFECT will continue to oppose UCITA (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-29 19:59:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What happened to cypherpunks? 
It was on them before, we changed IP's and they're back.
Sorry assed socialist rat bastards. Hypocrites too since the spammers use them as a easy source of Open Relay info - otherwise they'd have to hunt
for it themselves. The cost of doing spam would be much higher.
Sue their ass your right to free association is being violated!
The list traffic has been light.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 06:46:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Choate's Freedom to Dissociate 
Your email is YOUR EMAIL, not your ISP's.
Compare what happens with spammers and RBL style restrictions by comparing
your ISP to an apartment house and the physical network as streets.
Think hard, it should take no more than about 5 minutes for you to figure
it out.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:34:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Weighing the true costs of spam filters (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:35:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: PCWorld.com - Compression Tool Offers Easy Encryption (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:42:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Escher and Elliptic Curves (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:46:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Tougher penalties for UK copyright thieves (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:46:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Tiny Device Traps Electrons for Quantum Computing (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:47:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Senate puts off vote on security -- The Washington Times (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:47:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Bush to Create Formal Office To Shape U.S. Image Abroad  (washingtonpost.com) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:47:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Salon.com Technology | Sour notes (mp3, IP, Law) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:48:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | RIAA Smacked by DoS (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-07-31 07:48:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Napster future seen bleak - July 30, 2002 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-01 07:50:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Guardian Unlimited | Special reports | Secret Middle East talks in Britain 
Just another example where a neutral third party is more effective than the
CACL approach of only allowing the parties in the 'contract' to resolve the
problem directly.

@_date: 2002-06-01 18:22:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BBC hijacks TiVo recorders 
Everything has unintended consequences, the "Law" is spin doctor bullshit.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-02 16:03:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 2 Challenge Gun Cases, Citing Bush Policy 
States are not allowed to have militias in the US Consitution. They only
get to appoint the officers. Congress manages 'The Militia' (which stands
equal to the Army and Navy).
It's interesting that the Constitution directs the States to raise armed
forces independent of federal control in time of invasion. Why is that?
How are the States to arm themselves if the 2nd doesn't apply to the
A look at the Constitution provides the following:
       The Constitution & Gun Rights: It's bigger than the 2nd alone
This document is an ongoing project where I take comments and observations
from others and post their questions and my replies. Some of this material
is old and some is new. It is intended to demonstrate that when the
Constitution as a whole is applied to sensitive issues it in fact provides
clear direction on the limits and character of the relation between the the
three arms of the government of the United States; federal, state, and
individual. I assume that anyone commenting on this document is giving their
explicit permission to include them with my replies unless otherwise noted.
I would prefer that all discussion take place on the Cypherpunks public
mailing list. I will submit all my responces to submissions to that list. If
you don't wish to discuss this issue in a public forum please do not respond
to me. I have no interest in private discussion on this topic.
This country is going through a crisis of civil liberties and a fundamental
loss of faith in the tenets of democracy. It is becoming more fascist (ie
public management of private property) on a daily basis. In the near future
it could become completely socialist (ie public management of public
property and elimination of private property) in the name of the greater
good. The belief that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few or
the individual is in direct conflict with both the spirit and words of the
Constitution. Legislative, judicial, and executive branch decisions and
actions speak to this on a daily basis. One of the most controversial topics
is the private ownership of weapons and the duty of the government to
regulate the same. The current discussion on both sides is limited solely to
the 2nd Amendment. Unfortunately this is a stillborn position because it
misses fundamental issues and questions. To address those I have listed each
of the relevant sections of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. Perusal
of these make it clear that the right of the individual to own and bear arms
with no interference or regulation is a fundamental right of every American.
This right is justified by a long history of abuse by political systems of
the individual as well as a continous sequence of physical assaults on the
It is worth making special note that the Presidential claim to executive
privilige regarding the use of military forces without Congressional
permission is unconstitutional (see Article II). The Constitution clearly
states the President is the commander in chief of the armed forces only
after they have been called into action. And only Congress may call them
into action unless it can not be convened. The President of the United
States is not in the chain of command of the military forces without
specific authorization from Congress. Until such time as that is given only
Congress has the authority to direct and organize military activities. This
means that the President may direct military forces only until Congress
convenes. At that point Congress must decide whether to agree to commit the
Amendment 2, 4, & 9 provide in and of themselves sufficient grounds to find
any federal involvement in the purchase, possession, or operation of a
weapon to be unconstitutional. One of the most specious argumenst in this
discussion is that 'the people' in the 2nd Amendment is not to be construed
as meaning the individual. However, it is clear from the Constitution itself
and other amendments, such as the 4th, that this simply is not so. The term
'the people' means that the decision regarding such issues is to be made at
the level of the individual. In other words whether a particular individual
agrees to participate is completely voluntary.
                   THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
   We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect
   union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the
   common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings
   of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish
   this Constitution for the United States of America.
[ Note that the intent of the Constitution, and by extension those who
  represent us, is to provide freedom of choice (i.e. liberty) for each
  individual (i.e. 'ourselves and our posterity'). This means that any
  claim that 'the people' does not refer to the individual and their
  right to make individual choices is specious and misdirected. See
  the DoI, in particular the first two paragraphs for an expansion of the
  'American' view of 'The People'. No, it's not law; It's better, it's
  first principle. It's the 'Authority' that 'The Law' rests own. The
  very bedrock of American society; We The People. ]
  Article I
   Section 8. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
   duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the
   common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all
   duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United
   States;
   To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules
   concerning captures on land and water;
   To raise and support armies, but no appropriation of money to that use
   shall be for a longer term than two years;
   To provide and maintain a navy;
   To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval
   forces;
   To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
   union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions;
[ Note it says 'the militia', not plural and definitely not state oriented
  since states are prohibited from raising or supporting troops. Note that
  it specificaly directs Congress and the President to use the Militia for
  internal issues only. The Army is for external issues only. No If, No
  And, No But. No 'National Interest', No Exceptions. ]
   To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and
   for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of
   the United States, reserving to the states respectively, the
   appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia
   according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;
[ This says Congress organizes, armes, and disciplines the militia - again
  nothing to do with the states and no implication of plurality. The only
  job the states have is appointing officers. One can argue over the wording
  of the training since it is ambigous. I interpet "..., reserving to the
  states repesctively, the appointment of the officers, .." as being a
  single clause and not carrying over to "... authority of training ...". ]
   No state shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any duty of
   tonnage, keep troops, or ships of war in time of peace, enter into any
   agreement or compact with another state, or with a foreign power, or
   engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as
   will not admit of delay.
[ This last paragraph is of special importance. It directs the states to
  provide for their self defence during times of truly imminent danger.
  There is also the implication of immediate responce. Yet the state can
  not keep troops or even collect taxes to this end. This also excludes the
  Militia since it is under federal control and can't be used by the states
  without federal consent. In other words they are not to base their responce
  solely on state or federal employees. The  implication is that each state is
  directed to provide for individual firearms ownership, on a voluntary
  basis.
  It's also worth noting that if the US is actualy invaded and the federal
  forces are activated the states are still directed to raise forces
  independently of the federal forces, and these forces would be under
  state control and operated in parallel with federal forces. In addition
  this delegates the states to independant resistance even if the federal
  authorities surrender. It is a fundamental recognition of the states
  independence. [1] ]
  Article II
   Section 2. The President shall be commander in chief of the Army and
   Navy of the United States, and of the militia of the several states,
   when called into the actual service of the United States; he may
   require the opinion, in writing, of the principal officer in each of
   the executive departments, upon any subject relating to the duties of
   their respective offices, and he shall have power to grant reprieves
   and pardons for offenses against the United States, except in cases of
   impeachment.
[ This last paragraph describes how the President takes control of the
  military. It is only after Congress agrees to release the authority.
  Normal day to day training and patrol duties are responsible to Congress
  only. ]
  Article IV
   Section 4. The United States shall guarantee to every state in this
   union a republican form of government, and shall protect each of them
   against invasion; and on application of the legislature, or of the
   executive (when the legislature cannot be convened) against domestic
   violence.
[ Note this says that federal forces can not be employeed within a state
  without the explicit permission of the state government during periods of
  domestic violence. In other words "rioting in the streets" is not a
  sufficient condition for forced federal involvement through martial law.
  The state legislature is the prefered authority unless it can't be convened
  in time. In that case the state governor can make the decision but as soon as
  the state legislature is convened he's out of the picture. This means that
  states always have the option of refusing federal assisstance. This means the
  various forced tax and funds refusal threats of the federal government are
  unconstitutional. This means states have the option of opting out of any
  federal gun control regulations. As an extension, this guarantees States
  the right to leave the Union. ]
                             THE BILL OF RIGHTS
   The Conventions of a number of the States having, at the time of
   adopting the Constitution, expressed a desire, in order to prevent
   misconstruction or abuse of its powers, that further declaratory and
   restrictive clauses should be added, and as extending the ground of
   public confidence in the Government will best insure the beneficent
   ends of its institution;
[ Hmmmm, now what do you think they mean by that?...Government is 'Good'?
  I think not. ]
   Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
   States of America, in Congress assembled, two-thirds of both Houses
   concurring, that the following articles be proposed to the
   Legislatures of the several States, as amendments to the Constitution
   of the United States; all or any of which articles, when ratified by
   three-fourths of the said Legislatures, to be valid to all intents and
   purposes as part of the said Constitution, namely:
  Amendment II
   A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free
   state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be
   infringed.
[ This one really speaks for itself once you've understood the rest. They
  are actualy speaking of *two* seperate entities - the single federal
  Militia *and* the individual citizen. They are *not* one and the same. ]
  Amendment III
   No soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without
   the consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be
   prescribed by law.
  Amendment IV
   The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers,
   and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be
   violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause,
   supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the
   place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
[ Our current society has a problem with what is understood to be
  'reasonable'. This is a strong indication that we need to create a new
  amendment to better describe the interface, expectations, and limits
  of actions regarding state representatives and the individual. The only
  other option is to eliminate laws respecting consensual crimes such as
  individual drug use, abortion, etc.
  Arguments based on 'community standard' are inherently broken. It implies
  the community has some homogenious standard, there is certainly no
  indication of authority to sample the populate with respect to this
  question. The religious and free speech and press clauses
  prohibit it. It further prohibits laws and acts respecting law
  enforcement based on statistical averages, profiles, mass searches,
  bumper stickers, public statements not inciting something worse than
  domestic violence, etc. Note that this *does* give Congress the option of
  training the militia for operations involving nuclear, biological, or
  chemical attack for domestic use. (I believe that any such use must
  not allow weapons for other than personal defence to these federal
  forces. No tanks, bombs, missiles, etc.)
  You can't use an individuals beliefs as a basis for law. In that case, with
  no sample, the only question is would any citizen object to the
  behaviour? It is obvious the question must be answered in the negative
  since you have such an example at hand from the community. This effectively
  eliminates consensual crimes. If an activity does not cause physical harm
  to a person, their property, or a voluntary public trust it can't be made
  against the law at the federal level. (I don't believe a coersive public
  trust can exist under our Constitution. You can't punish a state or throw
  a citizen in jail because they object to participate in federal programs.
  Any federal programs.) ]
  Amendment IX
   The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be
   construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
[ This one is really short and sweet. If anybody has a right then everybody
  has the right. There are no womens rights, gay rights, or minority rights;
  only human rights.
  This amendment prevents the government from even addressing what a persons
  rights are by the simple expedient that it prevents the federal or state
  government from even enumerating what they aren't. In other words unless
  the authority over some activity is proscribed in the Constitution the
  question of jurisdiction and decision are the individual states.
  It also means that the Supreme Court is prevented from using rulings that
  are of the enumerable type. In other words, simply because there isn't a
  directive in the Constitution is not sufficient reason to deny the
  individual the right of expression, or choice of execution. So arguments
  such as 'assissted suicide" isn't a right because there is no indication in
  the Constitution are specious and deny recognized fundamental individual
  rights in the 1st Amendment. So, in the case of gun control if there is a
  question at the federal level of jurisdiction (ie "What is meant by 'the
  people'?) the decision goes to the states and their individual constitutions.
  If it's not covererd in their individual constitutions then individuals in
  those states may make the decision on an individual basis. The Constitution
  is designed to fail-safe under questions of federal authority to the states
  or the individual. If Congress can't provide a delegate entry in the
  Constitution per the 10 th. it must suggest a constitutional amendment to
  the states. The current question of gun control has only two outcomes. Either
  individuals have their right to own guns recognized or the Congress and the
  state legislatures are required to mold an amendment to clarify the 2nd
  Amendment. The states can always stop federal aquisition of new
  authority at this point by simply refusing to put the amendment up for vote.
  At this point the states have a tacit admission of their supreme authority
  in such questions. ]
  Amendment X
   The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
   prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states
   respectively, or to the people.
[ This amendment severely limits what the federal level of authority covers.
  It requires the Congress to provide a delegate, one or more sentences,
  in the Constition for all laws (and I believe for all suggested bills as
  well). it further specifies that in questions of dispute the decision goes
  to the individual states and their republican governments (ie state
  constitution). If the indvidual states don't regulate the activity it is up
  to the individual to participate voluntarily.
  The United States of America is a balkanized collection if independant
  states who voluntarily give up limited authority to the federal level, they
  must explicitly agree to this to become a state. ]
The above document was submitted to the Cypherpunks Distributed Remailer, it
has been expanded since that time. As a result I received various replies.
My comments on the replies are included below along with quotes from the
replies to clarify context.

@_date: 2002-06-05 11:13:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Missing pieces? 
We're not missing anything, except more users...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-05 11:26:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [9fans] Final Call for Papers: ICONIP'02-SEAL'02-FSK'02 (fwd) 
Reply-To: 9fans at cse.psu.edu
   [Apologies if you receive this announcement more than once.]
   [We have so far received about 600 submissions, not including
    about 30 special sessions currently being organized.     Due to numerous requests, especially from participants     to some major conferences held in May 2002, we are pleased     to revise the submission deadline as below.]

@_date: 2002-06-05 14:17:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
That's not correct. There are lots of albums (aimed at DJ's for example)
that are -NEVER- available except on vinyl. Also, if you'll actually check
the 'yellow book' at your record store you'll find that over the last 4-5
years a growing number of albums are available on CD only; no LP, no
cassette. Start in the techno and related genre. Hint, they are -not- hit
HDTV will come. That you can take to the bank. BUT, that doesn't equate to
the end of NTSC by about 10 to 15 years.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-05 22:27:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Which they? Lots of little DJ mix'ers cut several hundred albums and then
sell them to other DJ's who then use them for their own mix. There's a
whole little industry going.
Surplus...The street finds its own uses for technology.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-06 10:51:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Security through obsolecence... 
Somebody needs to do their homework, Brian Aker is nowhere near first to
come up with this one...

@_date: 2002-06-06 13:57:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks - Physical Meet - June 11, 2002 
Time:                June 11, 2002
                     Second Tuesday of each month                      7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
Location:            Central Market HEB Cafe
                     38th and N. Lamar
                     Weather permitting we meet in the un-covered tables.
                     If it's inclimate but not overly cold we meet in the                      outside covered section. Otherwise look for us inside
                     the building proper.
Identification:      Look for the group with the "Applied Cryptography"
                     book. It will have a red cover and is about 2 in. thick.
Contact Info:         --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-06 20:04:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ASL: MSNBC News Link: Remembering the heroes of D-Day (fwd) 
A fitting tribute  sent you this MSNBC News Link:
Thanks to all the men and women who served and participated in the liberation of Europe in 1944
** Remembering the heroes of D-Day **
At the nerve center of the Allied invasion of Nazi-occupied France, veterans on Thursday marked 58 years after "the invasion by the enemies of freedom." MSNBC.coms Dan Strieff reports.
Check out the hour's top stories on MSNBC.com MSNBC does not confirm the E-mail address of the sender of this MSNBC News Link.  For your information, the sender's IP Address is: 198.187.200.254

@_date: 2002-06-10 21:20:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ben's blinding, plus pre-publishing 
???? This is a joke right?
Copyright, they want it as the exclusive distributor which they can't do
if it's been published somewhere else.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-11 17:44:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Device detects cell phone bugs - June 11, 2002 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-11 17:44:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - People chipping company hit by class actions, FDA probe  (Oops...) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-11 17:45:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ScienceDaily Magazine -- In Evolution Game, Survival Doesn't Equal  Success; Finding Has Implications For Future Of Biodiversity (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-11 17:45:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || America: Broken As Designed (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-11 17:46:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | US Govt Wants to Control ICANN? (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-11 17:50:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Hollow Optical Fibres Can Now Process Signals (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-11 19:30:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's with all the spam?... 
The list has been under 'attack' for a while. There are multiple parties
and they don't seem to be working in concert.
I base this on the observation, for example, that during the recent
group diatribe over 'filter this ...' at one point I received a mass of
removal notices from a bunch of spam lists. I'd guesstimate a couple dozen
over a two day period (or so).
Secondly, that when this happened the total amount of spam dropped
considerably (based on intentional eye count of sniffer logs). Then over
the last several weeks it has ramped back up to new levels (roughtly 2x
the past peak total to date). This is of course on the unfiltered backbone
and straight feeds like SSZ.
Thirdly, I operate several other lists and by comparing (again roughly)
the amount of bounces they get (because the spam source isn't subscribed)
plus the total that get through should (my axiom) be about equal to what
come into cypherpunks; wich is a harlet of a mailing list.
They ain't close.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:54:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Lawyer: 'Dirty bomb' suspect's rights violated - June 12, 2002 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:54:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Democrats suspicious of arrest announcement -- The Washington Times (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:55:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suspect Held 8 Months Without Seeing Judge (washingtonpost.com) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:55:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: United Press International: Pakistan: More Americans arrested (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:56:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FT.com Home US - US demands jeopardise Milosevic's war trial (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:56:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Sniffer rats stand up to smuggling (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:57:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Will Cable Unplug the File Swappers? (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:58:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Scientific American: Light's Information-Carrying Capacity Doubles (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 16:58:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Scientific American: URLs in Urdu? (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 17:03:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | What Is Public Domain? (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 17:06:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Credit card hackers stung with bogus IIS exploit (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 17:07:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Study offers a rare view of how species interactions evolve (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 17:08:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || Abu Sayyaf - Where did they come from? (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-12 23:46:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pentagon OSI. 
No, it's diplomacy by other means. War is only one means, not 'the' means
as this would indicate.
Well their political leaders do anyway. Not sure if it's consistent to
equate the American people with their leaders.
There is usually no single objective. Further, if your goal is anything
other than peaceful co-existance any distinction between you and the enemy
is specious.
Specious distinction. The agent pursuing the 'antagonistic interest' is a
country in most cases (at least at the scale you are speaking of).
Yeah, it's called politics.
Stating the obvious again.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-13 00:19:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Reformatted] EuroNazis want to ban thoughtcrime  
Yes, a major problem.
Why are you to decide what is or is not relevant to the other list
members? Why is it that instead of managing your own mailbox, and in the
process promoting general peace (which you seem to be promoting by
homogenizing the discussion in this forum), instead you feel it is better
than your belief of what is or isn't relevant should be applied to all of
us? It is clear you are not willing to allow us to reciprocate and decide
what goes in your mailbox?
So much for CACL individualism...
The CACL Cypherpunk Contengent (CACL-CC ?) are a funny bunch. They promote
freedom of speech and action based around individual choice. Yet when put
in a position of conflict they use the same old 'force it all into one
mold' strategies that they (supposedly) rail against. Why is it this
contengent is the first to call for banning and filtering en masse?
How odd.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-13 00:28:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Eugene Leitl want to ban thoughtcrime,  
Why? They make 80G drives now for very cheap. Got a little pipe, get a
bigger one. The only persons who should shudder at 2M attachments are the
node operators. They have to deal with n*2M of traffic as compared to your
measly 2M.
Quite your whinning.
400000 bytes maximum. The current maximum that has been agreed too
informally (it's in the archives if you want to look) is 1M. SSZ is
currently set to bounce any emails over 1M (and it's detailed on the
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-13 00:42:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Snitch jamesd outs himself. 
As an operator of one of the nodes, versus somebody who is just a
subscriber, I'll be happy to state that while clearly a waste of anybody
with a clues time the submissions are not distruptive to the list. Nor or
they spam. They are within the charter of cryptography (and related
technologies), civil liberties, and economics. This includes technical
pieces, speculative pieces, opinion pieces, etc.
I've yet to see a threat. A lot of personal opinion and taunts, but no
threat. Got an example? Something like "Kill the President" is not a
'The' list is unfiltered, individual nodes may be. Your claim we can't
filter him out is specious; we don't want to filter anyone (do you
understand this point yet? Geesh) that's your(!!!) job (I know you don't
get this one).
To attack somebody through their ISP via false claims of abuse for no
reason other than they piss you off is the epitome of chicken shit
behaviour. It's also another excellent example of what hypocrites the
majority of CACL mouthpieces are.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-13 00:58:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: WSJ Encrypted Laptop 
This sort of stuff will only go on for a few more years until the
distributed process and universal namespace sorts of approaches replace
the current paradigms. When that happens losing a laptop will mean nothing
because it won't have the data 'on it' in the conventional sense.

@_date: 2002-06-13 01:02:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: WSJ Encrypted Laptop 
Considering the level of inside agents and provocateurs, not only for
this sort of stuff but tax evasion and monopolies; pretty damn good
I'd guess.
Or are you proposing that the FBI agent who provokes an illegal act is
also working for somebody besides the FBI? Not likely at the scale you
would suggest.
Or perhaps you mean that the people in the unions are being infiltraited
without the FBI knowing? I suspect that when they run the various
background checks they get a clue (assuming they did them and reviewed
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-13 14:03:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [9fans] secret stuff (fwd) 
Reply-To: 9fans at cse.psu.edu
For standalone Plan 9 users not served by an auth server, would
it make sense to have a secstore server running on a smart card?
Would I have to implement all of Plan 9 on my smart card in order
to be allowed to use the patented key-exchange protocol?

@_date: 2002-06-15 07:20:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Theft Attempt or LEO Sting? 
You completely overlook distributed networks where there isn't a central
server. That's the next wave. As to squeezing out middlemen, your argument
actually argues for their elimination, they're a security/subversion point
that isn't under control of either of the 'real' parties in the
No, 'middle man' is a consequence of technology, or the lack of it. As the
technology matures you'll see the market reduce to something more
'theoretical' in nature; the two parties to each transaction and a neutral
third party to resolve disputes.
Not even close. Consider cracking 802.11b for example. The trick to crack
it isn't to focus on one transaction but to grab several million. Security
isn't this simple to define.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-15 07:45:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Too Many Patents as Bad as Too Few (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-15 07:49:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Salon.com Technology | Book Review - The end of the revolution (History  of ICANN) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-15 07:51:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Boy of 17 hacks into missile secrets... (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-15 10:11:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | The Economics of File Sharing (Liebowitz of Cato has 2nd  thoughts...) (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-15 10:11:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Using Cellular Traffic to Monitor Traffic Jams (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-15 10:16:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Artist's rights? 
But all property isn't equal/equivalent. There isn't a thing called
'property' that all other 'things' fall into.
There's a story about a library and a couple of catalogs and a question of
whether to list one catalog in another...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-15 10:17:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - European Digital Rights Group Launches (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-15 10:21:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
Actually it means their willingness to continue to fight. Whether they are
happy about it or not is irrelevant.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-06-19 17:04:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [9fans] tls tunnelling (fwd) 
Reply-To: 9fans at cse.psu.edu
I was intrigued by the prospect of running a
TLS-tunneled VNC over the internet (since right
now I run plaintext VNCs over the internet),
so I looked up stunnel.  The interface seemed
more reasonable than what I posted earlier today,
so I built an equivalent one for Plan 9.
Sources now has the following new (and documented) programs:
I figured out how to generate new certificates with
OpenSSL and documented that too.
     TLSSRV(8)                                               TLSSRV(8)
     NAME
          tlssrv, tlsclient, tlssrvtunnel, tlsclienttunnel - TLS
          server and client
     SYNOPSIS
          tlssrv [ -c cert.pem ] [ -l logfile ] [ -r remotesys ] cmd [
          args ... ]
          tlsclient [ -t trustedkeys ] [ -x excludedkeys ] address
          tlssrvtunnel plain-addr crypt-addr cert.pem
          tlsclienttunnel crypt-addr plain-addr trustedkeys
     DESCRIPTION
          Tlssrv is a helper program, typically exec'd in a
          /bin/service file to establish an SSL or TLS connection
          before launching cmd args; a typical command might start the
          IMAP or HTTP server.  Cert.pem is the server certificate;
          factotum(4) should hold the corresponding private key.  The
          specified logfile is by convention the same as for the tar-
          get server.  Remotesys is mainly used for logging.
          Tlsclient is the reverse of tlssrv: it dials address, starts
          TLS, and then relays between the network connection and
          standard input and output.  If the -t flag (and, optionally,
          the -x flag) is given, the remote server must present a key
          whose SHA1 hash is listed in the file trustedkeys but not in
          the file excludedkeys. See thumbprint(6) for more informa-
          tion.
          Tlssrvtunnel and tlsclienttunnel use these tools and listen1
          (see listen(8)) to provide TLS network tunnels, allowing
          legacy application to take advantage of TLS encryption.
     EXAMPLES
          Listen for TLS-encrypted IMAP by creating a server certifi-
          cate /sys/lib/tls/imap.pem and a listener script
          /bin/service.auth/tcp993 containing:
                              exec tlssrv -c/sys/lib/tls/imap.pem -limap4d -r`{cat $3/remote} \
                   /bin/ip/imap4d -p -dyourdomain -r`{cat $3/remote} \
                   >[2]/sys/log/imap4d
          Interact with the server, putting the appropriate hash into
          /sys/lib/tls/mail and running:
               tlsclient -t /sys/lib/tls/mail tcp!server!imaps
          Create a TLS-encrypted VNC connection from a client on
          kremvax to a server on moscvax:
               mosc% vncs -d :3
               mosc% tlssrvtunnel tcp!moscvax!5903 tcp!*!12345 \
                       /usr/you/lib/cert.pem
               krem% tlsclienttunnel tcp!moscvax!12345 tcp!*!5905 \
                       /usr/you/lib/cert.thumb
               krem% vncv kremvax:5
          (The port numbers passed to the VNC tools are offset by 5900
          from the actual TCP port numbers.)
     FILES
          /sys/lib/tls
     SOURCE
          /sys/src/cmd/tlssrv.c
          /sys/src/cmd/tlsclient.c
          /rc/bin/tlssrvtunnel
          /rc/bin/tlsclienttunnel
     SEE ALSO
          factotum(4), listen(8)
          Unix's stunnel
     BUGS
          There is not yet a Plan 9 tool to generate X.509 certifi-
          cates and public keys.  Instead, use the Unix openssl
          toolkit:
               openssl req -x509 -nodes -newkey rsa:1024 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem

@_date: 2002-06-25 07:28:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Norway Public Announcement (fwd) 
Norway Public Announcement
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Office of the Spokesman
June 21, 2002
This Public Announcement is being issued to alert Americans traveling and
resident in Norway of the potential for disruptions caused by demonstrations
planned to coincide with the World Bank Conference to be held in Oslo from
June 24-26, 2002.  This
Public Announcement will expire on June 30, 2002.
The World Bank's Annual Bank Conference on Development Economics - Europe
(ABCDE-Europe) is scheduled to take place in Oslo, Norway from June 24-26,
2002.  Tight security will be in place in and around the venue for the
conference (Holmenkollen area of Oslo).  Previous summits in other capitals
have drawn "anti-globalization" and other activists from around the world,
and U.S. citizens should bear in mind that anti-globalization demonstrations
in other European cities have sometimes turned violent.
Demonstrations and protest marches are expected in downtown Oslo from June
22 through June 26.  Travelers are advised to follow news and traffic
reports, avoid crowds and demonstrations and to exercise caution.  Travelers
should be aware of heightened security and potential delays in entering
Norway during this period and should always carry proof of identity and
Police intend to temporarily close access to some downtown train stations in
connection with approved demonstrations and will forbid parking in the city
center throughout the summit period.  In addition, public transportation
schedules may be altered.  These temporary actions will be posted through
the local media.
The U.S. Embassy is located at Drammensveien 18, Oslo.  The Embassy may be
contacted 24 hours a day at telephone (47) 2244-8550 in connection with
emergencies such as arrest, serious injury or death of a U.S. citizen.  The
American Citizen Services Unit is open for routine, non-emergency matters
from 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 noon, Monday through Friday.
For more information on travel to Norway, please consult the latest
Department of State Consular Information Sheet for Norway at
http:\\travel.state.gov.  Americans traveling and residing abroad should
monitor this web site closely, particularly the Department's Worldwide
Caution-Public Announcement of March 17, 2002.
This Public Announcement will expire on June 30, 2002.
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2002-05-31 13:14:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Commercial quantum crypto product - news article (fwd) 
Anybody familiar with this product?
This message is brought to you by IT World Canada Inc., publisher of ComputerWorld, Network World, CIO Canada, CxO and CIO Governments' Review.
Daily ITwire from ITworldcanada.com
Friday, May 31, 2002
A Swiss company has announced the commercial availability of what it says are the first IT products which exploit quantum effects rather than conventional physics to achieve their goals. (05/31/2002)

@_date: 2002-05-31 14:56:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Scientist - Europe approves long-term electronic surveillance (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
                  A witty saying proves nothing.  Voltaire
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-05-31 18:34:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: For-Profit Hospitals Present Greatest Risk Of Dying (fwd) 
Sort of blows a hole in the CACL 'profit is the best solution to all
problems' approach...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                  A witty saying proves nothing.  Voltaire
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-05-31 18:35:00
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Scientist - Serial numbers on UK bank notes rubs off (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
                  A witty saying proves nothing.  Voltaire
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-05-31 21:30:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cypherpunks node spewing blank messages again 
The problem is algebra.com has a MX record problem, as a consequence the
CDR Hub account gets bounces and they go out and the rest of the nodes
send it on out.
I've already sent one note out earlier today on it.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
                  A witty saying proves nothing.  Voltaire
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2002-11-15 16:11:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: News: House votes life sentences for hackers (fwd) 
You only need to send it to the list, I'll get it ;)
I don't really like getting private email from total strangers. For
obvious reasons.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
    We don't see things as they are,                      ravage at ssz.com
    we see them as we are.                                                                                     jchoate at open-forge.org
    Anais Nin                                             --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-20 21:33:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Idea: Rogue DNS resolvers 
Hi Thomas,
Pretty old news. There are quite a few folks who have been doing this sort
of stuff for quite a while. Besides SSZ there is also the .god domain.
If you get around to setting something up give me a holler.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-20 21:34:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Yahoo! News - Pentagon Expects Long-Term Access to Four Key 
Now it becomes much clearer...bunch of war mongers.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-20 21:37:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Cyber War! on Austin's KLRU Thursday, April 
New form of warfare? Where have these folks been for the last 10 years?
Clearly they've not been doing anything on the net...other than reading
their own press releases that is. Spin doctor bullshit.
They should check out the Cypherpunks archives for a lot of in depth
discussion as well as more than a couple of examples.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-20 21:41:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Actually that's so much whaledreck. They in fact are -not- related at all.
In fact if one talks of 'individuals' then -no- concept of 'property'
-ever- arises. It is only until one brings in two or more than -any-
concept of 'property' has any meaning at all.
The connection between 'private freedom' and 'property' is really a
strawman. What matters is life, liberty, and the -pursuit of hapiness-
and not collecting more 'stuff' than your neighbor. If anything it
demonstrates an exception lack of maturity and excessive insecurity.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-20 21:45:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: U.S. Drops 'E-Bomb' On Iraqi TV 
What that is is bullshit, plain and simple. The use of nukes to create
canals is just so much wishfull thinking. The impact of even small nukes
on the stability of underground structures is -not- a good effect in -any-
case. The radiation and storage of contaminated materials would far
outweigh any short term savings of cost.
There is one and only one place to use nukes, that is where people don't
or won't live; and that means not on terra. Use of nukes in
extra-terrestrial applications is another entire issue. Unfortunately we
have a technology curve to climb before we'll get there.
No War.
No Killing.
No Nuclear Weapons.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-21 07:05:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: China's coders get into shareware - News (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-22 06:53:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: TheStar.com - Pro-U.S. pundits should get real (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-22 22:18:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | More on Cisco Building Surveillance into Routers 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-23 19:54:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Super-DMCA hearing (fwd) 
Last night the Texas legislature held a hearing on HB2121, aka "super DMCA"
proposed by the MPAA. I don't have time for an extended comment, but thanks
primarily to testimony by EFF-Austin directors Doug Barnes and Adina Levin,
there was no action on the bill. Says Doug, "The chair ended saying that the
bill clearly needed a lot of work, and
encouraging the various folks in attendance to work on modifying the bill."
We'll follow up with more info about next steps etc.
We should all thank Doug and Adina for making it down to testify effectively
with little notice.
Jon L.
Jon Lebkowsky
jonl at polycot.com
President, EFF-Austin

@_date: 2003-04-24 19:27:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Feral Robot Dogs (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-26 14:18:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Censorship: state bans games that kill pigs 
As usual you get it ass backwards.
Corporatism is fascism, fascism can and does exist without profit motives.
Though, irrespective of actual motive, the fundamental human drive is
'fear' and inability to deal with it in a healthy emotional way.
Seeing profit as the end instead of a means is the fundamental error of
-all- CACL views.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-26 14:21:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Censorship: state bans games that kill pigs 
Tim's practicing his backpedaling.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-26 14:36:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Some interesting quotes... 
The Earth should be regarded as the womb of life - but one cannot remain
in the womb forever.
                                               Frank Tipler
Though control, like birth control, is best undertaken as long as possible
before the fact.
                                              Richard Mitchell
When the people are being beaten by a stick, they are not much happier
when it is called "the People's Stick."
                                              Michael Bakunin
The question that will decide our destiny is not whether we shall expand
into space. It is: shall we be one species or a million? A million species
will not exhaust the ecological niches that are awaiting the arrival of
                                              Freeman Dyson
Green technology means we do not live in cans but adapt our plants and our
animals and ourselves to live wild in the universe as we find it.
                                              Freeman Dyson
Tyranny is always better organized than freedom.
                                              Charles Peguy
One has to multiply thoughts to the point where there aren't enough
policemen to control them.
                                              Stanislaw Jerzey Lec
The corporation evolves to serve the interests of whoever controls it, at
the expense of whoever it does not.
                                              William Dugger
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men
who want rain without thunder and lightning.
                                              Frederick Douglass
Man is an artifact designed for space travel. He is not designed to remain
in his present biological state any more than a tadpole is designed to
remain a tadpole.
                                              William Burroughs
If we desire to form individuals capable of inventive thought and of
helping the society of tomorrow to achieve  progress, then it is clear
that an education which is an active discovery of reality is superior.
                                              Jean Piaget
Until lions have their historians, tales of the hunt shall always glorify
the hunter.
                                              African Proverb
Take from:
GURPS: Transhuman Space: Deep Beyond
Steve Jackson Games
ISBN 1-55634-586-0
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-26 15:14:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Truth and Justice, Grapeshot and JDAMs, Money and Happiness 
It's a movie chucklehead. And did Rhett get his happiness in the end?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-27 18:44:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
In the sense you're using it? No. In general they were members of a
society that was driven by religion and strict requirements on behaviour
and cast membership.
In general, no they didn't.
 -- whatever they could carry with them -- but the
The people in general were help in common ownership, the ownership of the
ruling class. If you think some Aztec could just pack up and walk off you
are completely uneducated in the ways of those societies.
Another example of your ignorance. For example the word 'teo' was used for
'God' by both parties. In addition the Amerindians had cultural beliefs
that led them to believe that the whites were from their God. You don't
kill the messanger of ones own god.
You certainly have a right to prohibit them from smoking in public places
and in -your- private places. Outside of that it isn't any of your
business. As to killing them, that's just specious.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-27 20:07:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Not at all.
It does no such thing (unless of course you have a psychological
disposition to the use of force).
Created from what? To create something implies you had something to start
with. Specious point.
It does no such thing. In fact the more stuff you collect the bigger
target you become and a larger percentage of your stuff is needed to
protect your stuff. Not to mention that at some point the amount of stuff
you collect deprives others of stuff they need to survive (or do you
believe you're the only one who as that 'right'? - probably).
The reality is that this viewpoint is a self-defeating view. It may work
in the very short term but in the long run there is no way this will solve
What society does that? Not even ours guarantees this. It does recognise
that our creator gave us rights and that we create governments to -secure-
(not guarantee) them.
The only relevant question is secure them from whom?
Really, those are the only two options? Somehow I suspect that says more
about you than the world out 'there'.
Really? Why? There are more than one definitions of liberty. The concept
you're completely missing in this line of argument is 'consent'.
Can they? Or do they spend the rest of their life trying to keep it? The
reality is that a lot of the stuff that you think is 'yours' is only
becuase it isn't worth anybody elses trouble to take it from you.
And then one has to ask if that person who is especially good at
collecting stuff didn't do it at the expense of others.
What is this 'retire' you keep talking about, you retiring from life or
employment by others? Not the same thing. Stuff might help you in the
latter case, it's worthless in the former.
And the value and utility of all that stuff rests on one thing, the
stability of the system you used to collect it. If that changes all that
stuff may in fact become worthless. So, at least to some degree to protect
your stuff you deprive others of their opportunity to change the society
they are in to the way they feel most comfortable with.
So, to 'guarantee' your 'stuff' you -must- deprive others of an
opportunity to collect their stuff.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-27 20:09:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Excellent questions!
One you missed is 'What does it mean to 'own'?'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-27 21:13:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Three Cheers for the State - RAH RAH RAH 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-27 21:14:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] [Fwd: Action Alert : Say No To Government Video 
-------- Original Message --------
ACLU of Texas Legislative Action Alert
*  /Oppose HB 901/* 	/ *Say No To Total Government Video Surveillance*/
April 21, 2003
Dear ACLU supporter,
I need your help today to oppose a bill in the Texas Legislature that's
poised to be voted on in the Texas House of Representatives this week.
HB 901 authorizes up to 20,000 linked government digital surveillance
cameras to spy on Texans as we move about in public throughout the
state. The bill's supporters justify this expansive surveillance system
by the need to limit cars running red lights.
But once in place, the system could be used for any security purpose. In
Tiananmen Square during the pro-democracy uprising in 1989, cameras
originally installed to regulate traffic were used to identify
individual protesters for retribution b hundreds received imprisonment
or worse because they were identified from the surveillance cameras
hanging from traffic signals.
*I need you to call your State Representative in the Texas House of
Representatives today!* Let them know you oppose HB 901 installing
cameras at intersections for traffic enforcement. Ibve provided some
background information below my signature that will help you prepare to
make your call.
*If you donbt know who represents you in the Legislature, use the search
engine on the Texas capitol web site to quickly figure it out at
 *
Please make the call. This is really important b once theybre in place,
surveillance cameras powerful enough to distinguish a license plate
number can conceivably be used for any purpose, both aboveboard and
nefarious. Itbs important to stop this bad idea now before the cameras
are in place and they become a lot more difficult to regulate.
These are trying times, and itbs important that those of us who care
about liberty and freedom continue speak out. Thanks for calling your
State Representative as soon as possible, and thank you for your support
for civil liberties in Texas.
Will Harrell
Executive Director
ACLU of Texas
Donbt be surprised if the person who answers the phone asks a question
or two about the bill. Herebs some background to read before you make
your phone call:
* *
*Current Law:*
Traffic tickets are issued in person by law enforcement officers.
*Privacy:  One Nation Under Surveillance*
Developments in digital video, infrared, x-ray, wireless, GPS,
biometrics, image scanning, voice recognition, DNA, and brain wave
fingerprinting provide government with new ways to "search" individuals
and collect vast databases of information on law-abiding Texans. The
proliferation of government and private databases with our personal
information in it is a real cause for concern. *Big Brother is possible
Personal information about Texans that is captured by our government is
typically sold and frequently ends up on television or the internet.
*Government already sells embarrassing personal scenes* involving Texans
to TV shows like bCopsb.
Government can use digital cameras to enforce criminal laws against
Texans.  Texas Attorney General John Cornyn (Opinion JC-0460) held that
government can use surveillance cameras to enforce criminal laws against
Texans. This practice has been banned in the European union to limit
privacy abuses by law enforcement. After these 20,000 cameras are
installed, government can arrest individual Texans for any criminal
violations committed in public, including failure-to-wear-a-seatbelt and
The sponsor of the bill hasnbt even considered all the consequences.
Asked whether there will be a privacy problem when rental car companies
must provide all of our private rental information to the government,
Representative Phil King (R-Weatherford) replied:
*bI hadnbt thought about it from that standpoint.b*
* *
* *
*Due Process:  No Actual Notice Required . . . Car Impounded*
* B7*The proposed citations will not punish the driver -- a citation will
be mailed to the owner of the car no matter who was driving.  HB901 will
have little or no effect on commercial drivers, teenage drivers, car
thieves, and other non-owner drivers.  There is *no requirement that the
owner actually receive notice* of any violation.  Nonetheless, the
punishment for repeated failure to respond is *the government can
impound your vehicle.*
* *
* *
*Government Abuse:  Yes, Even In Texas*
Even the very best governments are burdened by some abuse.  In this
case, the potential for abuse will increase with the surveillance powers
b exponentially.  In Washington DC police were caught using police
surveillance databases to gather information on certain paramours the
then blackmailing citizens who were married.  In Detroit police used
their police surveillance databases to help their friends or themselves
stalk women, threaten motorists, and track estranged spouses.
*Ineffective:  No Heinous Deaths Prevented By Mailed Citation*
The proposed camera system will not fulfill its purported function.  The
camera system is being proposed to decrease the number of traffic
fatalities caused by drivers who run red lights.  Drivers who commit the
senseless and irrational act of driving so fast and late through a red
light that they can cause a fatality or serious wreck will not be
stopped by the notion that the owner of the vehicle might later have to
pay a small civil fine.  Such a heinous act is so perilous and
life-endangering that it defies reason.  Unfortunately, HB901 will have
no effect on this type of irrational crime.
*Say NO to Total Government Video Surveillance*
Please do not redistribute after April 30th, 2003
Visit our website for updates

@_date: 2003-04-27 22:05:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Three Cheers for the State - RAH RAH RAH 
Bullshit. Nation states are a consequence of psychology. To look at it any
other way is nothing more than saying 'It's not my fault, nature made me
do it."
How silly.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-27 22:07:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Three Cheers for the State - RAH RAH RAH 
Actually there's no 'fractal' there since the recursion is integer not
fractional. Fractal means 'fractal dimension' as in non-integer. The
recursion part is not sufficient in and of itself.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-28 18:08:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested Reading 
The Meek
Scott Mackay
ISBN 0-451-45823-0
$6 US
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-28 21:17:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
The first person who refuses to accept 'No' as a response is the
instigator. You don't need to define 'right' you only need to define
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-28 21:25:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Almost, some cities require that you smoke at least 15 ft. from entrances
for example.
Now why do they draw this distinction? Distance and diffusion. It's to
provide a 'buffer of choice'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-28 21:26:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Makeup as low-tech measure against automated face 
Actually the base issue is 'pride' and 'xenophobia'. Or in even simpler
language 'territoriality'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-28 22:48:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Rapid information dissemination in hostile environment 
One you forgot, didn't know about is 'distributed file systems' ala the 9P
(From Plan 9) name space. The two primary factors are that the files are
not stored in a solid block and that each component or piece is stored in
multiple places. Two further considerations are that the pieces not be
stored in plaintext (and the decryption keys are kept elsewhere) and that
the individual servers not be aware of 'where or who' they are.
Fortunately there are 9P clients for OS'es other than Plan 9.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-28 22:51:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [9fans] OK, cpu server is up. (fwd) 
If anyone happens to be going and is interested...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
no, this setup is a kludge just to get me there. Proof of concept, and
next comes the transition to all Plan9-based hardware. Also, I am trying
to keep it to two physical pieces: the clump of geodes and a laptop, as I
plan to bring this to Usenix if anybody wants to see it (I hope there is a
Plan9 BOF ...)
The auth and terminal are on my IBM Thinkpad X24, and are the same vmware
image running under linux (i.e. my terminal is the auth/kfs server). The
CPU server is a Geode (Geode rhymes with: slow) board (Advantech PCM-5823)
running LinuxBIOS out of FLASH rom with 9load loaded onto a compact flash.
LinuxBIOS loads 9load from the compact flash. This has proven to be very
handy for debugging, as I can pop the CF out of the geode and put it in my
X24 if I need to fix 9load for anything.
The plan9 host is using host-only networking on vmnet1. The Geodes are on
eth0 (ether0 in Plan9 parlance). 9load DHCP requests don't make it across
the eth0->vmnet1 gap, so I have to run linux dhcpd.
Two other things I have to do: enable ipforwarding on the linux side so
that the geode packets get to the vmware image; and hard-wire the Linux
ARP tables for the Geode (more on that later).
9load comes up on the geode and sends dhcp requests. Linux responds with a
host name and IP address. 9load then loads the 9pccpu kernel from Linux,
and connects to the auth server running in vmware.
Here is an interesting problem. 9load gets its IP address but won't
respond to ARP requests, so the tftp load of 9pccpu can't happen as Linux
doesn't have an ARP entry for the geode. I assume on plan9 this is not an
issue, but I have to hardwire the ARP cache for the CPU server or nobody
can talk to it.
Also, there is no plan9.ini for the 9load to read, and for some reason I
still can't get environment variables from 9load to 9pccpu, so I have also
had to hard-wire environment variables in the 9pccpu kernel. So the 9pccpu
that 9load downloads from Linux has one or two mods to it :-)
Once the 9pccpu is loaded, it contacts the auth server in vmware, and from
there things are pretty straightforward, and up it comes.
There are mods to both 9load and 9pccpu.
9load cyrix interrupt routing code is completely busted (no shock there,
it's almost impossible to test this stuff unless you're using linuxbios)
and I have made some quick fixes to it to get it working. I just run the
many Geode devices (all 2 of them) at IRQ 9. There are a few other things
9load does that have proven to be dangerous in a non-bios environment and
I am trying to put together a patch set for possible acceptance by the
Plan 9 kernel folks.
The kernel itself doesn't have a huge number of changes, although again
there are IRQ routing issues and a few other things.
So, short story is, it all works, it's held together with gum and wire
right now, and the effort for the next month is to get it working more
smoothly and slowly rip out as many of my changes as I can. I may just put
9pccpu into the CF and dispense with 9load altogether, since 9load takes a
long time to get going and boot something.  But we'll see -- 9load is very
handy in many ways.
I plan to update the wiki with all this info next week.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-28 22:54:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
A person has the right to do whatever they want.
-Until- it interferes with anothers expression of their wants.
Then everybody stops until a solution can be worked out.
There are two, and only two paths to -any- solution. Cooperation and
consent, or coercion.
If one believes in equality then -any- solution involving coercion is a
priori -wrong- and invokes further expressions of self-defence.
Signing your anonymous posts is about as dumb as dirt.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 19:00:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Bzzzzt. Wrong answer. Better do more research. Volcanoes put out all sorts
of toxic chemicals; solid, liquid, gas.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 19:03:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Bullshit line of reasoning (actually your whole line is pretty much tits
up but why waste precious time). It's not a matter of 'proof'. It -is- a
matter of interfering with others. Note they are not saying you can't
smoke, they -are- saying that you can't make them smoke along with you.
There is this concept called 'consent'. You seem to be missing it.
You can do what you want until it interferes with what another wants. If
they want to breath unpolluted air and drink clean water then there is
nothing that gives you the right to pollute either outside of -your-
immediate vicinity.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 19:08:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Finder's Keepers, Smartcards, Anon Cash [Re: 
And anyone with two halves of a clue to rub together will only use a
system that -won't- allow this. Who in their right mind is going to give
money away...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 19:12:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: All trust is economics 
So, all crypto is trust. Or is that all trust is crypto.
Either way it's CACL noise.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 19:13:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [Brinworld] PhoneCam vs. court; Publishing faces from the  
Not the same thing, not even synonyms.
More CACL noise.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 19:21:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: All trust is economics 
Only partially so, it also involves convincing them they -need- it. If
they already believe they need it little effort with regard to trust is
needed, they'll stand there with money and exchange 1-to-1 for it.
No, human psychology.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 19:29:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Follow this out to its logical conclusion, why have 'mints' at all? How
small is too small? If there isn't a lower limit...
At that point the concept of 'money' pretty much becomes a fantasy.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 22:27:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NOWAR - Kiesling, Antiwar Teach-Ins, Showdown in Texas, and  
Hello, all. After a temporary hiatus, the nowar list is back, with many
events to announce. Please note the two new listings -- a teach-in on the
connection between U.S. interventionism and democracy and one on the Texas
Military-Industrial Complex.
On Tuesday, April 29, from 7:00-9:00 pm, John Brady Kiesling will speak on
American Moral Capital and the Misprojection of U.S. Power
Kiesling, formerly Foreign Service Officer at the US embassy in Athens,
resigned from the State Department in February 2003 to protest the conduct
of the Administration's foreign policy and the looming war in Iraq. His
letter of resignation to Secretary of State, Colin Powell, was reproduced
by the New York Times and rapidly circulated around the globe as a cry for
preserving America's endangered international legitimacy. He has just
returned to the U.S. from Athens, and will discuss the reasons for his
protest and offer insights into the future of American foreign policy. Mr.
Kiesling was a diplomat for 20 years, serving in Greece, Armenia, Morocco
and Israel. He holds a Masters degree in Ancient History and Mediterranean
Archeology from UC Berkeley.
Location: UT Campus, Painter Hall 3.02 (on 24th St. between Guadalupe &
For info: Contact Katharine @ 459-8070
On Tuesday, April 29 at 7:00 pm, Madison Hobley, freed from Illinois' Death
Row, will speak as part of a national tour calling for an end to the death
penalty. Also speaking will be Madison's sister Robin Hobley; Marlene
Martin, national director of the Campaign to End the Death Penalty, and UT
Law Professor Rob Owen.
Location: Utopia Theater (in the School of Social Work at the University of
Texas), San Jacinto between MLK and 21st St.
For info: email lilymae30 at hotmail.com or call 494-0667.
On Wednesday, April 30, at 7:00 pm, there will be a teach-in on "Enhancing
Democracy? Why the U.S. Military Won't Bring Democracy to the World."
Speakers include UT History Professor Geoffrey Schad, speaking on Syria;
Communications Professor Dana Cloud; and Rahul Mahajan of the Nowar
Collective, author of the forthcoming "Full Spectrum Dominance: U.S. Power
in Iraq and Beyond"
Location: UT Campus, Gearing 105 (Gearing is just west of Welch Hall).
On Saturday, May 3, the Showdown in Texas commences (other related events
will already be in progress -- see
 The Showdown rally is a
demand for human security, not "homeland" security: funding for healthcare,
housing, education and jobs; environmental sustainability; protection of
civil liberties for citizens, immigrants and indigenous peoples, a
moratorium on the death penalty, and an end to US military interventions
and war at home and abroad.
Starting at 11:00 am at least 6 issue marches starting in different
locations (see  for details)
will converge at the Capitol at High Noon for an opening rally. This rally
will be followed by a mass march past some of the top defense industry
contractors located in downtown Austin and end up back at the Capitol for a
Festival of Love and Resistance.
Except where otherwise noted, events are free and open to the public.
Please forward where appropriate.
On Sunday, May 4, from 6:00-8:00pm, there will be a teach-in on "The Texas
Military-Industrial Complex: Profiting from War and Occupation." This event
is associated with the Showdown. Speakers will talk about Lockheed Martin,
Dyncorp, the role of oil in the Military-Industrial Complex, and the
connection of Texas to the occupations of Palestine and Iraq.
Location: UT Campus, Jester Auditorium, 21st and Speedway, across Speedway
from the Perry-Castaneda Library.
All events are free and open to the public. Please forward where appropriate.
In Solidarity,
the Nowar Collective

@_date: 2003-04-29 23:57:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Well, some of them perhaps...
Information wants to be free. Hell, really everything wants to be free.
Government and Economics are technologies that mankind developed to
sustain their psychologicaly driven societies. Fortunately our societies
are becoming technology (ie applied information) driven and this will
eventually spell the end of both 'government' and 'economics' as anything
resembling what we know today.
Don't waste your time doing either, spend that energy on working on the
issues that you mentioned that you feel or most important to you.
Good luck!
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 23:58:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: John Brady Kiesling speaking engagement (fwd) 
from the NOWAR list:
On Tuesday, April 29, from 7:00-9:00 pm, John Brady Kiesling will speak on
American Moral Capital and the Misprojection of U.S. Power
Kiesling, formerly Foreign Service Officer at the US embassy in Athens,
resigned from the State Department in February 2003 to protest the conduct
of the Administration's foreign policy and the looming war in Iraq. His
letter of resignation to Secretary of State, Colin Powell, was reproduced
by the New York Times and rapidly circulated around the globe as a cry for
preserving America's endangered international legitimacy. He has just
returned to the U.S. from Athens, and will discuss the reasons for his
protest and offer insights into the future of American foreign policy. Mr.
Kiesling was a diplomat for 20 years, serving in Greece, Armenia, Morocco
and Israel. He holds a Masters degree in Ancient History and Mediterranean
Archeology from UC Berkeley.
Location: UT Campus, Painter Hall 3.02 (on 24th St. between Guadalupe &
For info: Contact Katharine @ 459-8070
Here is Kiesling's letter of resignation to Colin Powell:

@_date: 2003-04-30 00:00:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Bullshit, the physical goods can be backtracked.
Signature Analysis & Traffic Analysis will kill any such attempt in the
real world.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 00:01:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: what moral obligation? (Re: DRM technology and policy) 
Where the hell do you live? They already do. It's called 'sales tax'.
8.25% here.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 00:03:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Irrelevant and most decidedly -not- the point he was addressing.
A weak strawman at best is what you offer.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 00:05:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
What he was speaking of was the cost to the end user, not the cost to
produce. If your point was valid then we wouldn't even be having this
discussion, Sony and et al would be smiling not crying.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 00:09:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: text analysis 
Perhaps impressive, perhaps not. What's the actual percentage ratio? I bet
it's decidedly male.
Considering the known sex ration in science fields one can guess 'male'
all the time and hit that level.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 18:58:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
If it's not your backyard then it's none of your business. If it is look
into trespass and such. Being a minor won't protect them.
There is, postmen are responsible to trespass. I have some dogs and my old
postman had a problem with it, to the point of actually attacking one of
my dogs and chasing it around my yard. He got away with it by claiming my
dog attacked him. I moved my mailbox out to the street (there is a 3ft
easement that is considered a public/utility way) and talked to the local
postmaster general. It was made clear that if he stepped into my yard I
would press trespass. Both the postmaster and the local police agreed that
was legal.
[rest of your dumbass bullshit deleted]
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 18:59:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
You know, I keep thinking you've said the stupidest thing ever. And then
you say something else.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 22:31:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Social Structure in Social Software (fwd) 
Tangent started by noting Clay Shirky's keynote "A Group Is Its Own
Worst Enemy: Social Structure in Social Software" at the recent Emerging
Tech Conference.  Seems to be an interesting source/extension/application
of Lessig's "code/architecture as law" observation.
Looks like this is the gist:
"Social Software and the Politics of Groups" by Clay Shirky
TalkBack blog links of conference session attendees:
An interesting less optimistic viewpoint of the influence of social
Links re: Wilfred Bion
Clay Shirky

@_date: 2003-04-30 22:36:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: VANGUARD: May Day (fwd) 
Not sure why I got it....YMMV (mine certainly did).
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Vanguard of the Revolution
MAY DAY
Rod D. Martin, 1 May 2003
You would have never heard of Karl Marx had it not been for V.I. Lenin. Marx
was neither terribly successful nor terribly important in his own right, and
had it not been for a revolution carried out three decades after his death,
he would be a footnote at best.
But on this May Day, the high holy day of Communism and Socialism, it is
important that we remember.
As a student, both in England and America, I often heard the refrain -- even
from conservatives -- that "communism wouldn't have been so bad if it had
been carried out like Marx suggested, without all that junk from Lenin and
Stalin." It still amazes me the degree to which this leftist propaganda can
be passed off as true. It shows that the speaker has never read much (if
any) Marx or Lenin, and, usually, that he wants to sound "intellectual". It
also shows that socialists, whether of the national socialist (Nazi) or of
the international socialist (Communist/Socialist) stripe, have been very
successful in employing Herr Goebbels' doctrine of "the big lie."
In fact, Marx never produced a political program at all. The entirety of his
plan for his new world order was contained in ten short points -- nothing
more than slogans, really -- in his very first "book", the Communist
Manifesto. He never defined them further. He never saw a need. Marx had
grander work in mind.
He was producing a religion.
Marx, the anti-Semitic Jew, the hater of Christianity and all it stood for,
created an entire atheology. It was, in the words of James Billington, "fire
in the minds of men." Marx sought to turn the old order on its head, to
regenerate mankind through chaos. He preached a dialectical view of history
which seemed to derive from Fuerbach but really just represented ancient
dualism. He propounded a materialism which he said "turned Hegel right-side
up," and which said that no person was anything more than a mechanistically
determined automaton, "matter in motion." He wedded to this a naively
classical interpretation of the labor theory of value to produce his
economics, and a utopian view of the state that said man, who was morally
neutral and therefore perfectible, could be utterly re-made -- regenerated,
or "saved" -- by a state or party which completely controlled and molded his
To all of this he added an eschatology of victory, a certainty of success
which was raised to the level of first principle, of dogma, of prerequisite
faith. It is eternally worth noting that Whittaker Chambers, even when he
embraced freedom, believed without question that he was abandoning the
winning side. The contagiousness of the Communist faith was such that
virtually everyone at the time agreed.
The tenor of the "worker's paradise" to come was already apparent in Marx's
own leadership of the International Workingmen's Association, which was
nothing if not dictatorial. Once in the hands of a state, however, Communist
atheology became truly consistent with its presuppositions. Since the
individual man was just a biological machine, he could be discarded at will.
Since good and evil were entirely relative, they could be defined entirely
by the party and therefore by the state. Since the state/party could and
must regenerate man and build the paradise to come, it's power must be
absolute and unquestioned.
And since victory was inevitable, millions gave up their individuality,
their families, even their lives, without a fight.
Marx's atheology created the greatest idol of all, the idol of the
omnipotent state. This idol appealed to men more than any other in history,
because it made all morality relative and it gave ambitious men the means to
become gods themselves. But it also appealed precisely because it was not an
idol of stone or wood, but an idol of power: prayers to it could be
answered, needs and greeds fulfilled. And because it indulged all of man's
basest instincts while ever appealing to his noblest motives, it was exactly
the sort of god man wanted to create, a god in his own image.
Marx's work was nothing new -- it was the logical conclusion of left-wing
Enlightenment humanism, and had roots as old as Pharaoh -- and it was left
to others -- Lenin, Stalin, Mao -- to carry out his work. Yet Marx's idol
was and remains in many ways the most successful false god of human history.
In its heyday enslaving more than half the world (and nearly taking the
rest), its presuppositions still remain the dominant faith of the ruling
elites of most of the western world. That is itself a terrifying thought.
Marxism in this century killed a hundred million people, and sent probably
two billion to hell. It withered whatever it touched, and it frankly touched
us all.
If Lenin's minions were the "vanguard" of the old revolution, we must
be the vanguard of the new. Nothing has taught us better than Marxism the
danger of holding false theological presuppositions, even in the absence of
a clear political program.  Mankind may embrace the truth, or he may embrace
a lie. The difference between the American Revolution and the Russian is the
difference between worlds; and it is that better world -- indeed a better
world even still -- which we must build.
Copyright: Rod D. Martin, 1 May 2003.
This column first appeared (with minor differences) on 1 May 1998.

@_date: 2003-08-01 06:31:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
For this to be taken seriously one must be able to -define spam- as if it
were a mathematical entity (eg a 'point'). It must be absolutely
differentiable from -all- other speech.
You can't do that, nobody can.
Anti-spam bills are worse than spam because they put transient feelings of
anger above the principles of freedom.
Freedom is -not- free!
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 17:29:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [9fans] Call for Papers - 6th Symposium on Operating Systems 
The 6th Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI
'04) will take place December 6-8, 2004 at the Renaissance Parc 55 Hotel
in San Francisco, California, and we would like to encourage your
OSDI 2004 will bring together professionals from academic and industrial
backgrounds in what has become a premier forum for discussing the
design, implementation, and implications of systems software.
Paper submissions are due on May 14, 2004. This is a hard deadline -- no
extensions will be given. Submission guidelines are available on our Web
site: Emphasizing both innovative research and quantified experience, OSDI
takes a broad view of the systems area and solicits contributions from
all fields of systems practice including, but not limited to: operating
systems, networking, file and storage systems, distributed systems,
mobile systems, secure systems, embedded systems, and the interaction of
hardware and software development. We particularly encourage
contributions containing highly original ideas or groundbreaking results
that push the frontier of systems research.
The symposium will consist of 2.5 days of single-track technical
sessions with presentations of refereed papers and a keynote address.  A
session of Work-in-Progress presentations is planned, and informal
Birds-of-a-Feather sessions may be organized by attendees.
We look forward to receiving your submissions.
Eric Brewer and Peter Chen
OSDI '04 Program Co-Chairs
OSDI is Sponsored by the USENIX Association and co-sponsored by ACM SIGOPS

@_date: 2003-08-01 17:32:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Digicash Patents, patent-expiry landrushes 
Wrong, as a result RSA (as well as AES) in Plan 9 so we're no longer stuck
with DES as the only option.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 17:33:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Man sues over DNA swabs during investigation (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 17:33:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Judges OK evidence from hacker vigilante! (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 17:34:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Crackers Tuning Up for Massive Net Attack (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 17:35:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Great Debate Over Software Patents (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 19:51:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Poindexter to Resign 
Man,  you fell for their spin doctor bullshit hook, line, and sinker.
The news media is still playing to their masters, it's just that somebody
had to lose their head and he was the one. It's not like he will lose a
single opportunity, if anything it will open more up for him.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 22:47:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
:) There is an old saying that one becomes what one hates.
Personaly, I'm opposed to any legislative responce. Nada, none, nil.
I don't agree that whatever the cost at the personal level it will be less
than the increase in taxes to pay for the additional officers, legal
support staff, etc. In particular I don't like the aspect of making it a
crime. There is no way you're going to convince me that irrespective of
the level, it's worth sending black clad stormtroopers into peoples lives.
Especially when that includes the potentail for people dying.
No, sorry. Ain't gonna happen.
It violates both speech and press aspects of the first. And to be clear
'press' in the Constitution isn't the news agencies. Thomas Jefferson made
that perfectly clear. It's the right of people to share their activities
with others.
People have a right to speak their mind, and they have a right to share it
with others. To base that right on content is an abrogation of the
fundamental ethos of this nation.
There is of course the concepts of harassment and trespass. Of which we
have sufficient laws on the book already. What we do need is a good case
and a couple of supporting court rulings. In particular people have a
right to ring your doorbell or drop a note on their porch, or ring their
doorbell to talk to the residents. When they do it in a confrontational
manner, by say ringing your doorbell over and over.
This of course is one reason I am completely opposed to blacklists as
well. Not only is there no technical or legal backing with respect to
speech, but their probing of my system after I tell them to stay away is a
form of trespass. Let's not even get into the aspect that this is one of
the primary channels of Open Relay machines around. They do all the work
and then sell the list, to who? Your ISP and spammers. If they didn't
exist each spammer would have to scan the net for relays IP by IP. But no,
for some reason people think it's a good idea.
People have the right to the pursuit of happines, not the attainment or
retention of it. It's simply not the governments job to protect what you
have from simple market alteration. Stability in that respect is a bad
thing. It denies others pursuit of happiness with the goal of the
There are some things that aren't a question of majority view. Sometimes
that only means all the idiots are on one side. It has no moral or ethic
Get over it and move on to something more important.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 22:51:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Gonzo revelation. 
You're an idiot. Never confuse the nation of America with its government.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 23:20:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
But you have zero problem moving into my tax budget and threating
peoples lives over it (you think that's 'free'?)...
Fascism (economic or otherwise) we can do without.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-02 09:47:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Big Nous Day (fwd) 
If I hadn't accidentally looked at a newspaper stand late last night, and
noticed the headline that "Bush Takes Responsibility For Misleading
Information" I would probably not have known where to look today to find
anything out about it:
Although it is a purely rhetorical admission, it is a significant one in
that it takes the wind from the sails of any notion of an independent
inquiry.  And as well, if you look at the front page of CNN, it has
already been removed from public consciousness to be replaced with the
much more pressing and incendiary notions of:
A new audiotape of Saddam's Greatest Hits:
The Vatican and W come out to bat:
and in a strange tautological twist, Condi takes personal responsibility
for Bush and Bush says Condi is an "honest, fabulous person":
You see, because BushCo will have its cake and eat you too:
"I think the American people should be prepared for surprises," said David
Kay, a former U.N. weapons inspector who is leading the CIA's weapons
investigation. "I think it's very likely that we will discover remarkable
surprises in this enterprise."
And if that's not enough for you:
Now I remember why I care more about the nous than the news.

@_date: 2003-08-02 16:12:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Xerox Exploits Printer Flaws To Make 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-02 17:52:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
You seem to miss the fundamental point of what 'law' is for in a
What if all he's doing it dumping them on your front porch?
Your comparison of your email inbox and your living room being equivalent
is flawed on several layers. The first is the concept of 'privacy', you
have it in your living room because you have a door and locks. You don't
have any of that in an electronic mailbox. An electronic mailbox is like
ones front porch, inherently a place with -public- access.
No, we don't. All law will do is make life more complicated and reduce the
concept of individual choice. What you propose is to let others decide and
it is clear that they will decide based on their desires and wants and not
There are no angels among men.
You just shot yourself in the foot and in the process demonstrated your
lack of understanding of what a democracy is about.
 Democracy (and the USA) is dead.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-02 18:53:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
Read Zamyatin's "We".
Actually it's a perfect comparison. Anyone can put stuff on your front
porch. They can't take it away or read it, that is using personal property
without permission. Hence, people have a -right- to send you mail. They
don't have a right to read your mail without permission.
Sorry, your front porch isn't considerd 'trespassable' unless -you- take
explicit and particular steps.
Then you must put up a sign, does your mailbox have such a sign?
In fact your position backs up mine that the current trespass and
harassment laws are sufficient to handle this problem.
In other words, you shot yourself in your own foot with regard to 'new'
law. We don't need it. What we need is the courts to recognize that if we
tell somebody to stay away and they don't then an actionable event has
taken place.
So, we actually agree but you don't see it, yet.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-02 21:21:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: California considering curb on 50 caliber rifles 
Dipshit, they're talking about the entire shell.
While their mistake makes them seem ludicrous at best, your spin doctor
bullshit doesn't help you either.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-02 23:35:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I'm asking for more rights, not restrictions (was Re: Antispam 
No, you asked for an explanation. The book is an excellent one. Just
another example of you wanting somebody else to do it for you.
I never speak for others, that's their job.
For all we know you can't read. You might be having somebody else read and
write this text that supposedly comes from you. Not my problem or of any
interest to me really.
By the way your commentary is a ad hominim attack and tends to weaken your
Your commentary.
If I don't what, explain my self? I did, I suggest that you read "We". My
argument at no point requires 'We' and I've explained my views much better
than you have.
That's a laughable one. How come religions like Christianity still hang
around then? Peoples belief that gay marriage is a sin and will cause the
collapse of western civilization? Or that government is 'good'?
Not hardly. If that were so then this discussion would have been resolved
200 years ago. It isn't, and it won't be 200 (or 2,000 for that matter)
years from now. Your thesis is bogus.
Right to speak and press. People have a right to speak their mind and they
have a right to use a press to spread it around.
You better talk to a lawyer and do some deeper thinking. People have a
right to contact you, you have the right to tell them to go away. You
don't have the right to be hermit.
Your views of 'individualism' are the exact sort that Hayek and others
warn against.
Individualism and Economic Order
F.A. Hayek
ISBN 0-226-32093-6
In particular the very first section, "Individualims: True or False".
That is correct, YOU are responsible for it. And even that is a perfect
defence since there is still a public access to your property where it
meets public property, an easment (ie the place where a sidewalk goes). In
most cities it ranges from 3 to 4 ft. from the curb. That property is managed
under imminent domain concepts even though you are responsible for its
upkeep and such.
I have no problem with a 'private right', sue in civil court till the cows
come home. That's not what you're talking about or promoting.
You're talking about of both sides of your face.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-02 23:39:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: California considering curb on 50 caliber rifles 
You mean 'casing', a cartridge is a bullet, case, powder, and primer. The
whole shebang. Which is what they're talking about with 'bullet'.
To most people, they draw zero distinction between the two. And since you
can't even seem to get it right...
The fact is that you're using that confusion to ridicule for no reason
other than your own ego.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-02 23:42:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: I'm asking for more rights, not restrictions (was Re: 
You're both wrong, his actions are not successfull. In fact they harm the
society as a whole and help the company.
The money he 'wins' doesn't come from the company, any more than the money
that pays the companies lawyers comes from the company. It comes from the
customers via higher prices. So what you're actually doing is allowing the
company to take more money from the community then would have happened
without such laws.
What you're doing is stealing from the poor and giving to the rich.
Some 'good'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-03 08:23:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | There Is No Single Instant In Time (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-03 21:28:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Florida Citizens' Anti-trust Payout Dwarfed By 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 06:45:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ethnomathematics-a rich cultural diversity (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 06:47:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || Distributed Denial of Existence (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 06:50:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: USATODAY.com - Mapping and honing our interconnections (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 06:58:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ABCNEWS.com : Sultans of Spam Are Flying High (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 07:04:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | There Is No Single Instant In Time (fwd) 
Hardly, it demonstrates a fundamental flaw in the current approach; the
confusion of the model with that being modeled. The funny part is that it
goes back to Newton.
The impact should have some significant long term changes with regard to
theories that rely on 'when/where' sorts of arguments. Such things as
'action at a distance' are involved (eg photon entanglement).
Hardly 'purely philosophical', remote to any given individuals mundane
world view perhaps but not with out some significant impact in the long term.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 18:47:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Detention Deficit (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 18:47:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FBI changing counterintelligence tactics (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 18:48:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Black Hat: Joining Forces to Fight Hacking (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-05 06:41:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks Monthly Meet, Aug. 12. 
Time:                Aug. 12, 2003
                     Second Tuesday of each month
                     7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
Location:            Central Market HEB Cafe
                     38th and N. Lamar
                     Weather permitting we meet in the un-covered tables.
                     If it's inclimate but not overly cold we meet in the
                     outside covered section. Otherwise look for us inside
                     the building proper.
Identification:      Look for the group with the "Applied Cryptography"
                     book. It will have a red cover and is about 2 in. thick.
Contact Info:         --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-05 06:57:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Linux gets sensitive government use approval - Aug. 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-05 06:59:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Meet the 'transhumanists' behind the Pentagon 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-06 06:29:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: nCipher edges closer to break even (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-06 17:46:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Trouble at HavenCo? 
And who does the math?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-06 21:58:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Bent Fibers Put Networks At Risk (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-07 06:08:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] UTSA sponsoring Texas Security Symposium (fwd) 
UTSA sponsoring Texas Security Symposium
The University of Texas at San Antonio Center for Infrastructure Assurance
and Security (CIAS) is sponsoring a Texas Security Symposium on Aug. 8 in
the Laurel Room of the University Center at the school's Loop 1604 campus.
Speaking at the symposium will be Robert Weaver, deputy special agent in
charge of the New York Electronic Crimes Task Force for the United State
Secret Service. At the symposium topics covered include reports on the state
of Texas' infrastructure protection, security exercises and the "Dark
Screen" project. Breakout sessions will be offered in both executive and
technical tracks.
In 2001 CIAS was established to leverage San Antonio's infrastructure
assurance strengths and to bolster research and educational initiatives in
this field. The multidisciplinary research center partners with the San
Antonio community to address the technical and policy issues of information
The registration cost of the daylong conference is $100. For more
information and to register for symposium, visit the CIAS web site at
Help STOP SPAM with the new MSN 8 and get 2 months FREE*

@_date: 2003-08-07 06:28:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Boston Globe Online / Much ado about data (fwd) (Linguistic 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-07 06:29:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BYU News: Death of writing systems linked to viability of 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-07 18:17:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Declan McCullagh Fatwa. 
What a person to agree with...the epitome of God $$$ Fascism.
Them trains, they do run on time.
Or is that 'spam'...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-07 18:26:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Judge Tightens Oversight of NYPD After Anti-War Interrogations 
I think the judges commentary is most revealing ;)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-10 07:54:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: On our oncoming future dystopia (fwd) 
I'd say it pretty much hits the nail on the head, one of my favorite poems
to boot.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-11 06:36:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - NSA proposes backdoor detection center (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-14 07:21:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SCO to argue General Public Licence invalid (fwd) 
I like the ed's comments at the end.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-08-25 07:44:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: RSA Seeks to Fix RFID Worries (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-25 08:04:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Iraq Travel Warning (fwd) 
Iraq Travel Warning
United States Department of State
Bureau of Consular Affairs
Washington, DC  20520
August 22, 2003
This Travel Warning provides updated information on the security situation
in Iraq and advises Americans of the bombing at the UN headquarters that
resulted in deaths and injuries of American citizens.  The security threat
to all American citizens in Iraq remains high.  This replaces the Travel
Warning of July 15, 2003.
On August 19, 2003, an explosion occurred at the UN headquarters located at
the Canal Hotel in Baghdad.  An explosion also occurred at the Jordanian
Embassy in Baghdad on August 7, 2003.  The Department of State continues to
strongly warn U.S. citizens against travel to Iraq.  Although the
restrictions on the use of U.S. passport travel to, in or through Iraq has
been lifted, travel to Iraq remains dangerous.  Remnants of the former Baath
regime, transnational terrorists, and criminal elements remain active.
Coalition led military operations continue, and there are daily attacks
against Coalition forces throughout the country.  Attacks have occurred in
Baghdad, Faluja, Ramadi, Tikrit, Bayji, Baqubah, Mosul, Kirkuk and other
areas, but the security environment in all of Iraq remains volatile and
unpredictable.  Attacks on coalition forces as well as civilian targets
usually occur during the late evening and early morning hours.  Travel at
night is extremely dangerous.
There have been attacks on civilian as well as military convoys.  Travelers
are strongly urged to travel in convoys of at least four vehicles in
daylight hours only.  There has been an increase in the use of Improvised
Explosive Devices (IED) and/or mines on roads, particularly in plastic bags,
soda cans, and dead animals.  Grenades and explosives have been thrown into
vehicles from overpasses, particularly in crowded areas.
There is a U.S. consular officer in Baghdad who can provide limited
emergency services to U.S. citizens in Iraq and is located at the Iraq Forum
(Convention Center) across from the al-Rashid Hotel.  The consular officer
cannot provide visa service.  American citizens who choose to visit or
remain in Iraq despite the warning contained herein are urged to pay close
attention to their personal security, should avoid rallies and
demonstrations, and should inform the U.S. consular officer of their
presence in Iraq.
American citizens may obtain the latest security information or other
information about Iraq by phone: 1-914-360-1025, or by e-mail:
payneba at orha.centcom.mil. Detailed security information is also available at
Updated information on travel and security in Iraq may be obtained from the
Department of State by calling 1-888-407-4747 within the United States, and
from overseas, 1-317-472-2328.  U.S. citizens who plan to travel to or
remain in Iraq despite this Travel Warning should consult the Department of
State's latest Consular Information sheets and the current Worldwide Caution
Public Announcement, which are available on the Department's Internet site
at See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2003-08-25 12:38:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: DHS has 1 in 12 federal employees (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-25 16:42:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | DeCSS Loses Free Speech Shield (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-25 17:24:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
Ask him why he carries a gun.
While I don't agree with their methods in all cases it seems to me that
they're not telling people what to do, but rather telling others to stop
doing it to them.
The reality is that the domestic activist movement has only made progress
when resorting to violence and destruction. Look at the womens rights
movement, 60's civil rights movement, conservation movements in the 60's
and 70's. Anything less and the powers that be choose $$$$ over anything else.
It's the nature of the beast who goes for these sorts of positions of
A perfect example of why greed is -not- good and 'power' should never be
placed in one 'authority'.
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-25 17:49:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
Is spiking a tree? Exactly whose tree is it anyway? What happens when the
last whale is in the harpoon site, is it ok to ruin the shot?
It's not as simple as you make it out to be. The reality is there is a
whole host of response ranges that exist between flyers and firebombs.
Your binary view is simply an indicator of your brainwashing ;)
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-25 17:52:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Hangar 18 Weekly Social 
Asymmetric Clustering...
          Distributed Name Space...
                    Global Sign-on...
                              Guerrilla Networking...
                                        Open Source Technology...
Do these words make your heart beat faster and your breath go shallow?
If so then perhaps you should become involved with Hangar 18. We are
a tit-for-tat group of computer hobbyist of a wide range of skills
intent on building the next computing infra-structure using Open Source
technology. We don't focus on any one form of technology but instead
focus on real world applications in grid or large scale distributed
Time:                Aug. 28, 2003
                     Every Thursday, excluding national holidays
                     8:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
                     Location:            The Robot Group
                                          Please contact the Robot Group for directions if you
                     don't know how to get their, per their request.
                     The location varies from week to week so be sure
                     to check with an active Hangar 18 member (or
                     join the mailing list!) for more information.
Identification:      We'll be the group with the Plan 9 OS box on the
                     table...;)

@_date: 2003-08-25 18:35:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Florida Proposes Taxing Local LANs (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-25 18:36:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Florida Proposes Taxing Local LANs (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-25 18:37:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Is Linux as Secure as We'd Like to Think? (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-26 07:29:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Guardian Unlimited Books | By genre | Observer review: The 
Suggested reading...
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-27 07:52:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Why Sobig is bad for privacy and AV vendors 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-27 07:53:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - China to form anti-spam task force (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-08-27 07:54:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: US Republican Party outsources fund raising to India (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-12-02 02:00:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [discuss] Tue, Dec 16: EFF-A CyberDawg (fwd) 
Tuesday! Tuesday! Tuesday! Get ready for chills, thrills and
bone-crushing spills! More excitement and more mud than ever before!
Hear the screaming crowd, hear the crushing of metal, and feel the
adrenaline of the CyberDAWWWWWWG!
That's right, it's time for CyberDAWWWWWWWWG Madness! Tuesday! Tuesday!
Be there!
Please RSVP by sending email to rsvp at effaustin.org.
EFF-Austin MegaEvent on Dec 16th, 2003 Opal Divine's in Austin (6th and
Rio Grande)
    * 6:00-8:00 - eVoting Dinner Discussion (serious discussion)
    * 8:00-close - CyberDawg 2003 (wild party)
BuyYerOwnDinner for the eVoting Discussion... Light snacks served at
Cyberdawg. Cash bar.
Everyone showing up gets a free EFF bumper sticker and instigator badge!
All new 2004 exclusive EFF-A T-shirts will be on sale.
Calling all cyberhippies, geeks, artists, filmmakers, WiFi Superheroes,
technovangelists, computer builders/programmers/networkers/users,
robotic mad scientists and their cyborganic chimpanzee lab assistants,
liberty-lovin' lawyers, techeductors, wonks, weirdos, walruses, open
source hackers, octopodes, and friends of all of the above.
Come one, come all, and bring 20 of your friends. This is NOT the event
to miss.
Please help us by forwarding along this invitation to your friends and
fellow cybernauts.
EFF-Austin ( proudly brings you the CyberDawg
2003 World Tour*** December 16th at Opal Divines in Austin, TX.
6:00-8:00 - eVoting Roundtable:
Join Dan Wallach, Computer science professor and security expert from
Rice University, for dinner and discussion on eVoting for the December
edition of the EFF-Austin Policy Roundtable.
Dan Wallach is a member of the team, organized by Avi Rubin of Johns
Hopkins, which conducted a scathing analysis of the Diebold voting
system earlier this year.
Dan will discuss the "threat model" for electronic voting. What can go
wrong with evoting systems, what was wrong with the market-leading
Diebold system, and what can geek activists do about it?
8:00-close - CyberDawg:
What happens when you bring together smart, creative, and passionate
minds together to do nothing but talk, laugh, and instigate? We're not
sure. We think it'll be an earth-shattering event, though... The
Singularity, even.
What is EFF-Austin? Who's working behind the scenes? What is it up to
these days? What madcap adventures are planned for 2004? Calendar of
events? How can YOU get involved in the fray? These questions and more
will be answered at the Cyberdawg.
If nothing else, you'll be in the same room with movers, shakers, and
instigators in the Austin Tech/Art/and Cyberliberties scene... That's
gotta be worth something, right?
*** CyberDawg 2003 will not actually go on a world tour. Just Austin...
For that matter, there probably won't be too many thrills, chills, and
spills or the gnashing of metal or screaming fans, either. But it will
be fun, nonetheless.

@_date: 2003-12-02 12:13:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ZDNet UK - News - North Korea launches 'secure' email (fwd) 
-- --
Open Forge, LLC  24/365 Onsite Support for PCs, Networks, & Game Consoles
512-695-4126 (Austin, Tx.)  help at open-forge.com  irc.open-forge.com
Hangar 18  Open Source Distributed Computing Using Plan 9 & Linux
512-451-7087    irc.open-forge.org
James Choate  512-451-7087  ravage at ssz.com  jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-12-02 17:13:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [discuss] national Community Technology Network conference, 
Comrades, the Time Has Come To Arise!
[I still miss ole Leon Trotsky and his gang]
EFF supporters have a unique opportunity to hear and be heard at the Sixth
Annual Community Technology Networking Conference at the Holiday Inn (I-35
at Woodward this Monday and Tuesday.  Public interest technology is facing
near-crisis: we're out of fashion with government and corporate leaders,
telecom providers are avoiding underserved people, challenges like spam
and threats to free speech are back on the rise.  2004 will be a critical
But there are good prospects as well.  Community Information
Communications Technology (ICT) is one of the few telecom professions
solidly growing, and the major players are coming to Austin to meet with
us in a few days. (FCC, Department of Commerce, Gates Foundation and many
more) You need to be here.
EFF should be solidly represented, sharing views and plans for the future
of the Internet as something more than a mass marketing sales outlet. Cost
for the conference is no barrier either:  register as student is only $50,
includes three meals, and we don't check student IDs :) (regular is $100)
So come join us; we finally have a chance to make our concerns known!
Gene Crick
TeleCommunity Resource Center
EFF, EFF-Austin
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type APPLICATION/MSWORD which had a NAME of CN2003 invitation.fin.doc]

@_date: 2003-12-03 00:43:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: PBS | I, Cringely . Archived Column (fwd) 
What I find most interesting in this article is not MS marketing noise but
the comment about the White House, robot.txt, and Google...
Truly a despicable act for a -public servant-.
 -- --
Open Forge, LLC  24/365 Onsite Support for PCs, Networks, & Game Consoles
512-695-4126 (Austin, Tx.)  help at open-forge.com  irc.open-forge.com
Hangar 18  Open Source Distributed Computing Using Plan 9 & Linux
512-451-7087    irc.open-forge.org
James Choate  512-451-7087  ravage at ssz.com  jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-07-01 20:53:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Geek.com Geek News - U.S. creates new cyber security division 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-02 06:34:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Ohio.com - US Developing Urban Surveillance System (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-02 07:13:04
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | GPL May Not Work In German Legal System (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-02 07:14:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Blocking Internet porn in Iran (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-02 07:15:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New subatomic species found: Collision debris yields five-quark 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-07 07:24:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks Physical Meet, Tue. July 8, 2003 
Time:                July 8, 2003
                     Second Tuesday of each month
                     7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
Location:            Central Market HEB Cafe
                     38th and N. Lamar
                     Weather permitting we meet in the un-covered tables.
                     If it's inclimate but not overly cold we meet in the
                     outside covered section. Otherwise look for us inside
                     the building proper.
Identification:      Look for the group with the "Applied Cryptography"
                     book. It will have a red cover and is about 2 in. thick.
Contact Info:         --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-08 22:40:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Quantum Crypto Tested Over 100km, Sets New Record (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-09 07:11:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - We've found the perfect solution to spam (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-09 07:12:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: News: Wal-Mart cancels 'smart-shelf' trial (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-09 19:52:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [9fans] security hole (fwd) 
I plugged a security hole in Plan 9.  It involved the state of
a process after it did a newns().  Newns() is used to create
a new namespace, usually after a process has changed uid
(like when someone attaches to a server: telnet, ssh, ...).
Newns opens a file, called a namespace file, that describes
the new namespace and then follows the instructions inside
(see /lib/namespace).
Newns(2) creates a new namespace, but until the process calling
newns does a chdir through /, it's local directory is still in the old
name space.  If the process then navigates the name space
using relative commands (chdir(".."), open("../lib/profile"))
it is walking the space using the priviledges of the OLD user id.
Because of the way namespaces are usually set up, this doesn't
normally happen.  All the normal namespace files themselves
do a chdir to /usr/$user effectively leaving the old namespace
before newns returns.  However, if either
   there wasn't such a chdir in the namespace file, i.e., if you've removed it
   for your installation
   /usr/$user (and also /usr/none) doesn't exist
then it was possible for a user to log in (for example via telnet or ssh)
and end up in a directory like /usr/bootes in which they still had
the rights of bootes.  Neither situation applied to the labs
since we have a /usr/none but one user in Japan (YAMANASHI Takeshi
) discovered it when he created an
account with no home dir.
I changed newns() to fix the problem.  It now always leaves you
chdir'd into a directory in the current namespace.  It does that
by first seeing if the namespace file has already caused a chdir
through the root.  If not, it effectively does a chdir(getpwd).
If that fails, it does a chdir("/").
This is a change in semantics.  I haven't found (by inspection)
any programs that would be bothered by it but please tell me if
you see anything fishy since I'm about to update sources with the
change.  I've been running our servers here with the change for a
few days and all seems well.

@_date: 2003-07-09 23:51:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool (meow) 
Then your ears are not golden, period.
A standard test of audio systems in PA's for example is related to
'speaker phase' (ie all the cones move out or in together at the same
time). This is tested by putting a click on the line and then standing
between pairs of speakers. It is quite easy to tell when the speakers are
in phase. The same can be said for music (and no you don't need expensive
high end equipment), garble the phase and things like echo become very(!!!)
wierd. You just have to have the experience to know what to 'look' for.
A very(!) simple test to demonstrate/test your phase sensitivity (using
even very low quality equipment) is to connect a speaker between the R and
L channels (in essence it is driven by diff between the two channels).
This tends to highlight the phase disparity between the two channels
significantly enhancing the 'depth' of the music. Put a switch in there
and then have a friend enable/disable the speaker without your knowledge.
Then indicate what you think is the 'third speaker' setting. If you can't
tell nearly 100% of the time then any money on high end equipment is a
waste of your budget. This trick (was very popular in the 70's, especially
for us Quadraphonic fans) was what eventually led to the sub-woofer we all
know and love today (I do wish somebody would do something about those
damn rattling cars though).
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-10 00:12:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Actually it depends on the type of tube, triodes as compared to a pentode
for example 'color' a signal in different ways. There are also geometry
issues that filter the harmonics in different ways for different types of
tubes. So a blanket statement such as 'all tubes boost even order
harmonics' is gibberish.
Further, to correct Tim's audio bullshit, -EVERYTHING- colors the music.
There is -NOTHING- in the pipe from initial performance to end user
experience that is 'perfectly flat'. Unless you were there when it was
done you'll -never- get close to what actually happened. Changing the
speakers will change the music, putting fiberglass in the cabinet changes
the music, changing the cables from Copper to Gold makes a audible difference
in some cases. Another fine point to make in regard to things like
distortion and THD, considering the average performance amp is about 3-5x
-higher- in THD (for example) the distinction between audio performance above
a certain threashold (that is primarily listener dependent) is a waste (and
really a tad dellusional).
Which means it colors it differently is all. YMMV...big surprise.
First off single ended Triodes have been around a lot(!) more than 10
years. Secondly the term you want is 'warm' in reference to a tube amp,
it's been around since at least the 50's. Using a term like 'live' to
describe a sound simply means somebody has never compared (for example) a
Fender to a Marshall amp and understood why the same 'live' performance
sounds so different (and you can use the same speaker stack for either
You mean the wave is actually more 'square' because the higher sampling rate
better matches the original signal?....Duh.
As somebody who has been involved in audio (both listening and
performance) for many years (30+) that is simple bullshit. The Voodoo that
sells keeps on going, and going, and going,...
Bullshit, you're born with good ears or your not. There is not a single
thing one can do to change that. If you have good ears and train them then
you get what you pay for. If you got bad ears, pick another field to work
And a -lot- of those golden ear differences are just ego or marketing
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-10 00:25:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Russians Order Mobile Phone Encryption Removed (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-10 00:25:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Webcaster Alliance Threatens To Sue RIAA (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-10 07:05:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - RFID Spy-chippers leak confidential data on the 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-10 07:06:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dizzy over Lizzie (Metro Times Detroit) - Student finds new 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-10 16:27:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Field improvised knives, FBI FTU, concealable weapons 
Negative, bend it in half and get two edges for the price of one.
If you have the can opening tool it is a weapon as well, great for making
big gaping puncture wounds.
Bullshit. A strike to the throat just above the shoulder blade, into the
eyes, slash into the fingers or heal, lips/ears, etc.
-EVERYTHING- is a weapon. A 'weapon' is nothing more than a STATE OF MIND.
It is the intent to do harm.
The flat circular tops and bottoms are prefered, but a piece of the
sidewall is effective just like a small razor blade (hint: fold the piece
in half).
Actually all sizes are good. You can use crochet hooks as well, hurt like
hell pulling that baby out.
Chip a bottle into a knife? Doofus, just break the bottle and use the
pieces. If you want to be stealthy don't use the kneck/bottom as a handle,
use a piece from the side just like a razor (hold betwix thumb and first
two fingers).
Like a pencil, a rolled up magazine, a plastic credit card (it will cut if
wielded in such a manner), a shoe string as a garrot, etc. Your opponents
body can be used as a weapon against itself as well (eg strangle somebody
with their own arm, or break it and then stab them with the lower bone
But that would mean they'd have to treat them as equals, and they can't
have that now....
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-10 16:30:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 'Phantom' game console is really a copyright protection device 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-11 07:00:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ID cards (UK): A highly organised minority (that can be safely 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-11 07:05:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: PCWorld.com - Cybersecurity Laws Expected (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-12 07:52:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Web Site Causes Unease in Police (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-15 07:23:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | UCB Researchers Critique DRM, Compulsory Licensing 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-15 18:41:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Cracking Data Hiding (fwd) 
Stego taking a hit....???????
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-16 07:02:31
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Senate to Kill Pentagon Surveillance Bill (washingtonpost.com) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-16 07:03:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: News: DMCA gives blueprint for Chile deal (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-16 18:53:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Security for Mafiosos and Freedom Fighters 
If you can avoid it, do so. Otherwise I'd suggest that a few hours to a
couple days might not be too bad, longer periods are going to be
problematic. Especially as depth increases. 33ft is 1atm, I wouldn't trust
anything submerged below that period. Saltwater is a killer.
However, if you do get water (or Coke, Dr. Pepper, Beer, Margarita's,,
Jalapeno dip, etc.) on a board then dry it off. If it's been more than a
very quick dip I'd want it to spend 24hrs under a heat lamp (but limit max
Temp to 90F). Silica Gell in a  closed box w/ the board for 24hrs can also
Irrespective of how you dry it, your next step is a alcky swab. It's
hydrophilic and evaporates with no residue.
At that point connect to power, find a monkey to hit the big red switch,
and see if the magic smoke comes out...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-16 22:32:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | WiFi Hotspots Elude RIAA Dragnet (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-16 22:32:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Intrusion Tolerance - Security's Next Big Thing? 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-17 07:01:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Congress threatens two hi-tech Gestapo programs 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-17 18:34:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Use of smart cards for wi-fi user ident (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-27 08:42:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] War and Information Technology (fwd) 
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
  War and Information Technology
  by Chris Hables Gray
Technology has always been an important part of war. Today, with
information technology situated as the defining technology of our age it
should be no surprise that IT (information technology) is a central part
of war making. In fact, the US military has officially determined that
information is the main "force multiplier" in battle, more important than
numerical superiority or force of fire, the old standards. This is
because, in the US military's view, we now have the information
technologies that can not just make a crucial difference in battle, in
terms of precision weapons, intelligence, and command and control, but
that these technologies might actually allow the "fog" (uncertainly) of
war to be dispelled so that total, almost painless victories, might be
won against many opponents.
Computer professionals, when evaluating these information technologies,
must start with two basic rules that come both from within computer
science (especially information theory, systems analysis and information
management) and from the academic disciplines represented by groups such
as the Society for the Social Studies of Science (4S), the Society for
the History of Technology (SHOT) and Science, Technology, and Society
studies in general (STS). They are:
1) Technologies cannot be evaluated out of their context of use. Very few
technologies either "work" or "don't work". They all perform at certainly
levels of efficiency, but whether or not they "work" depends on what they
to do in terms of their institutional and societal contexts. In the case
of military technologies, for example, they have to be evaluated not just
in terms of failure rates but also how the technology performs, and
influences, in the context of the relevant doctrines, tactics and
2) Technologies, especially information technologies, are parts of
systems. They cannot be evaluated in isolation. The systems, which often
include human operators and users, either work well or not in their
context. For repairing and evaluating systems it is important to know how
the various components or nodes perform, but a system that fails because
of so-called human-error, has failed none-the-less and that includes it's
computational elements.
So, any weapon system has to be analyzed in terms of all its components
(including the humans and their training), the doctrine that it serves,
its tactical and strategic uses, and the political context of the war it
is used in.  To say B-52s are bad and so-called smart missiles are better
does not make sense.  The computer and other technical parts might work
with a high level of reliability (or not) but that doesn't make any one
weapon system better than another.  The purely technical efficiencies
cannot be separated out.
As a computer science professor I teach my students that computing
systems in particular must be evaluated as systems, not in isolation.  A
perfect case is the destruction of Iranian Air flight 655 by the USS
Vincennes (deploying the most sophisticated computerized weapon system
used in combat: the Aegis) that killed 290 civilians.  There were
technical problems (the jamming of an automatic 5-inch gun, the poor
reliability of the automated Phalanx machine guns, the fact that Standard
missiles need miles to accelerate, the poor interface design of the
combat information center), training problems (all training was for fleet
combat with the Soviets), command problems (other US ships correctly
identified the flight but the Vincennes was in charge because it had the
best computer system), human error (misreading the computer information
because of scenario fulfillment), doctrine (the source of the command and
training problems), the tactics (sending the Vincennes into Iranian
territorial waters to engage small Iranian patrol boats), the strategy
(the illegal stupid mission the Vincennes was on -- trying to provoke an
Iranian counter-attack), and the politics (supporting Saddam's Iraq in an
aggressive war against Iran).  So what if the Aegis is a marvel of
computer engineering?  Tell that to the families of the dead Iranian
civilians.  (For full details and documentation see: Chris Hables Gray,
"AI at War: The Aegis System in Combat" in Directions and Implications of
Advanced Computing 1990, Vol. III, D. Shuler, ed., Ablex, 1996, pp.
By the way, there is substantial evidence that the testing of the circuit
cards for the Phalanx was faked, one reason their reliability was so low
and so the Captain of the Vincennes could not trust them for close-in
defense and so made the incorrect decision to take out the innocent
An undergraduate in one of my computer classes who tried to evaluate a
system that uses computers by only looking at certain technical
parameters of the computers, and not at all the relevant factors, would
not pass.  A military that does the same, might win some battles, but it
will lose all but the easiest wars, and even then, it will often lose the
peace that follows.
In Gulf War I a strong case can be made that the massive B-52 bombings
shattered the main Iraq Army, the so-called "smart weapons" were not
nearly as accurate as claimed (and we found out much later the Patriots
hit nothing), and that the destruction of the Iraqi infrastructure (in
part by so-called precision bombing with all kinds of bombs and missiles)
led to the deaths of 300,000 Iraqi women and children (according to both
the UN, independent aid NGO's, and a Harvard Health School study).  War
is complicated, weapon system performance is complicated, and accuracy
(or even reliability) is hardly everything.
When Force of Fire was the main doctrine for winning war in the US
military, bigger explosions were almost always considered more important
than smaller accurate ones.  In some situations this was (and still is)
true, in many others not.  The US military in particular has had a
tendency to want to ignore the strategic and political realities of war.
This is why it lost Vietnam.  US weapons were more accurate and more
powerful than the Vietnamese weapons but that was not enough.  It didn't
help the Soviets win in Afghanistan either. This is why there is a whole
debate about Asymmetric War in the military today, by the way.
Some of the main issues computer professionals should look at in Gulf War
* To what extent are such doctrines as "Shock and Awe" and of the general
U.S. strategy based on misconceptions about what IT can and cannot do in
a unpredictable and uncontrollable arena such as war.
* To what extent the existence of "so-called" smart weapons leads to the
doctrinal, tactical, or strategic misuse of such weapons. Americans have
a particular love of technology. That some people can unequivocally say
such weapons "really work" when they have hit three of the wrong
countries is an important issue to explore.
* The actual performance of such weapons as the Patriot.
* The possibility and possible impact of future weapons or military
information systems such as effective identification systems.
* The absolute limits of computer technology to model complex systems.
CPSR played a major role in articulating this crucial part of information
theory during the first round of Star Wars debates and in the Spring 2001
newsletter (ed. by Carl Page and Chris Hables Gray) there is a full
bibliography of the key articles in this area.
There are now a number of monographs and collections of articles that
look critically at IT in the context of contemporary war. They include:
David Bellin and Gary Chapman, eds., Computers in Battle, Harcourt,
Brace, Jovanovich, 1987.
Paul Edwards, The Closed World, MIT Press, 1996.
Chris Hables Gray, Postmodern War, Guilford, 1997.
Gerfield Stocker and Christine Schopf, eds., Infowar, Springer Wien/New
York, 1998.
James Der Derian, Virtuous War, Westview, 2001.
Sites circulated during CPSR discussions:
Shock and Awe: Context of the War on Terror:
War on the Web (UK Guardian):
War Peace and Complex Systems:
Interesting article from the UK on the use of tomahawk missiles:
Excellent article from a Business magazine, including discussion of
Here is a link to the book that describes the whole "shock and awe"
concept: Here are two sites that discuss the media-zation of the current war in
different ways.
1) Brown University's Watson Center (yes, the IBM Watson) has a whole
project on infowar and infopeace and have some recent articles on
embedded journalists:  2) And here's a site on media literacy and this war:
Respectfully submitted, Chris Hables Gray
  Response
  by James Nugent
I would like to address some points made by Chris Gray. Here he is
specifically addressing the catastrophe associated with the shooting down
of Iran Air 655 by the USS Vincennes. Specifically:
"There were technical problems (the jamming of an automatic 5-inch gun,
the poor reliability of the automated Phalanx machine guns, the fact that
Standard missiles need miles to accelerate, the poor interface design of
the combat information center)"
Mr. Gray lists these problems as contributing to the accidental shooting
of Iran Air 655. As Mr. Gray has appropriately noted about weapons and
their employment, it's important to understand doctrine and tactics bear
on their use. In this case the five inch gun and Phalanx systems were not
a consideration in the engagement of the missile system as this would
have been the primary, i.e. first use, system. The order of priority for
weapon/defensive engagement for the Vincennes would have been:
1. Standard missile system.
2. Five inch guns.
3. Electronic deception.
4. Chaff.
5. Phalanx (4 & 5 would be near simultaneous employments).
Systems 2 through 5 could have been completely out of service, or fully
employable, and this would not have altered utilization of the standard
missile system as the first system to be used against an air threat. This
is in accordance with the U.S. and at the time Soviet Navy's doctrine of
layered defense, a concept later adapted by the computer information
assurance/security experts to detail how a computer network would be
defended. In this case the doctrinal principle for a layered defense
would be as follows:
"Weapons [Used within a layered defense]. AAW weapons begin with Phoenix,
Sparrow, Sidewinder, and AMRAAM missiles carried by the combat air patrol
(CAP) [Note: this was not available to Vincennes]. Next are long-range
"Standard" missiles such as extended- and medium-range SM-1s and SM-2s.
These missiles are capable of intercepting targets at a range of nearly
100 miles. Shorter-range variants of these weapons are good out to 25
miles. Inside 10 miles, Sea Sparrow missiles are used to engage targets,
and at extremely close, "do-or-die" ranges, CIWS guns are utilized.
Additionally, MK45 5"/54, and the OTO Melara 76mm gun mount can engage
air targets with limited effectiveness."
Layered defense means essential the same thing here as it does in the
computer world, i.e. you stop an attacker as far from what is being
attacked as you possibly can. In this case that means you use the systems
with the furthest reach to take out an air threat, and on the Vincennes
that is clearly the Standard missile system.
I would also point out that in Mr. Gray's paper on this subject he
specifically states that the loss of the single five inch gun was not a
contributing factor to the destruction of Iran Air 655.
The need for the missiles to accelerate is not entirely clear. No ship's
captain, again based on the applicable doctrine and tactics, would ever
allow an air threat to get so close that the acceleration dynamics of the
defensive missile system would be a detrimental factor for its
Mr. Gray's comments with regard to the human-machine interface are
totally on target and this, vice any overriding technical failures or
issues, along with the social dynamic surrounding events leading to the
firing of missiles at the aircraft, was responsible for the tragedy.
" training problems (all training was for fleet combat with the
This is a legitimate point as well. The crew of the Vincennes was in a
situation vis-`-vis the civilian airliner that it had never trained for.
While the system itself was very capable of adequately tracking civilian
airliners given its use for just that purpose in two different venues ,
this specific scenario had not been tested either via simulation or as a
crew scenario. Had such training been conducted it's very likely problems
with the human-machine interface would have been discovered and
corrected, and either way the crew would have likely handled this
specific situation differently and avoided the disaster which occurred.
" command problems (other US ships correctly identified the flight but
the Vincennes was in charge because it had the best computer system),
human error (misreading the computer information because of scenario
fulfillment) "
These points are in keeping with ones I've made above concerning the
environmental/sociological dynamic and the lack of training that led to
the sorts of errors that cascaded to tragedy on board Vincennes.
"doctrine (the source of the command and training problems), the tactics
(sending the Vincennes into Iranian territorial waters to engage small
Iranian patrol boats), the strategy (the illegal stupid mission the
Vincennes was on -- trying to provoke an Iranian counter-attack)"
There are many types of doctrine within the U.S. Navy and it's not clear
which one exactly is being referred to here. Tactics were without fault
as the crew of the Vincennes did exactly what it was expected to do given
the situation it believed it was facing.
It's questionable that a cruiser was the ideal system to send after
shallow draft Iranian gunboats in what were depth restricted waters. That
said, this incident started with a helicopter from the Vincennes coming
under fire by the Iranian boats , so it was the call of the captain of
the Vincennes how he was to defend his helicopter and he elected to
engage the Iranians.
Mr. Gray raises an interesting question vis-`-vis the legality of the
U.S. Navy's action during this time. Our main reason for being in the
Gulf was because of a request from the government of Kuwait to escort its
tankers (which were subsequently re-flagged as U.S. vessels) through the
Gulf. Escorts were necessary because both the Iraqis and the Iranians
were engaging ships with anti-ship missiles, and the Iranians were also
aggressively laying floating mines in the international waterways of the
Gulf. It bears remembering that the Iranian minelayer Iran Ajr was
captured and its mines confiscated as it was in the act of laying such
mines near Bahrain . Actions taken in the Gulf were in response to the
illegal mining of the sea lanes in this region, which puts the engagement
of U.S. ships with Iranian vessels in a very different context.
"and the politics (supporting Saddam's Iraq in an aggressive war against
The extent of U.S. support for Iraq at this time is not as clear as this
would lead one to believe, but this issue is also clearly beyond the
scope of this response.
"So what if the Aegis is a marvel of computer engineering? Tell that to
the families of the dead Iranian civilians."
Mr. Gray's inference here is that Aegis is what caused this tragedy and
he seems very much in the minority on this. Technically speaking Aegis
did exactly what it was supposed to, but there was a string of human
errors, failures and assumptions that ultimately caused the captain of
the Vincennes to authorize the unleashing of two missiles at Iran Air
655; Aegis was never in automatic and it did not make the decision to
"By the way, there is substantial evidence that the testing of the
circuit cards for the Phalanx was faked, one reason their reliability was
so low and so the Captain of the Vincennes could not trust them for
close-in defense and so made the incorrect decision to take out the
innocent airliner."
I would categorize this as another red herring concerning the specifics
of this event. The order of battle for weapon employment is provided
above, and Phalanx is the last system a ship's captain thinks to use.
It's a last ditch effort, if the attacker is that close (Phalanx's range
is 1 mile) engaging it with Phalanx may well destroy the threat but if
it's destroyed within the range of Phalanx there's a good chance that
there'd be debris resulting from the destruction that could still present
a danger to the ship. Bottom line, you engage air threats as far away as
A reasoned critique of a weapons system should come from a full
appreciation for how it is used. Mr. Gray does not provide this
perspective in the least, and it's very clear that he never endeavored to
obtain one, likely I would suspect due to his distaste for anything to do
with the military. He does make points here that are germane to what did
cause this tragedy and that demanded action by the U.S. Navy. He
otherwise clutters this with poor historical perspective and what would
seem to be a desire to make a point from his own political/philosophical
perspective, which poorly serves himself and his readers.
Submitted by James Nugent
Return to Weapons & Peace Working Group Page
                 Email cpsr at cpsr.org with questions or comments
MSN 8 helps ELIMINATE E-MAIL VIRUSES. Get 2 months FREE*.

@_date: 2003-07-28 23:52:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Nonprofit Hackers Who Broke Windows (fwd) 
The Hackers Who Broke Windows
By SecurityFocus
Posted: 25/07/2003 at 07:48 GMT
The Last Stage of Delirium, the hacking group that laid open nearly every
version of the Windows operating system last week, could use a little sleep,
writes Deborah Radcliff of SecurityFocus. Since going public with the RPC
buffer overflow bug that some are describing as the worst Windows security
hole in history, the group has been caught in a media frenzy.
The hubbub has been just as bad as when, in April, 2001, LSD broke Argus
Systems' PitBull security software in a contest for $50,000 in cash. (After
the media glare faded, the team was stiffed for $43,000 of the prize money.)
Then, as now, the work and its media aftermath kept them up at night when
they'd rather be home with their families, said Tomasz Ostwald, one of the
four founders of LSD, during a phone interview at 9:00 at night, Poland
time. "This has been going on for three weeks. We had to work all weekend,
even Sunday," he said with his thick Polish accent. "We're still taking at
least two media calls a day."
Delirium was dreamed up in 1996 by four security engineers who'd just
graduated the master's of computer science program at Poznan University of
Technology in Western Poland. Now all between the age of 27 and 28, they
manage the security infrastructure for an academic and scientific
supercomputing center in the university town of Poznan, where they all live.
They also do security engineering consulting and penetration testing for
other clients.
By night, they crack software.
Their day jobs are not to be confused with the work they do with LSD, says
Ostwald. And even though they liken themselves to other hacking groups such
as the Cult of the Dead Cow, don't call the LSD members hackers: They'd like
you to call them security engineers instead.
But in the truest sense, these engineers are indeed hackers. What's
different between their non-profit group and a number of earlier code
cracking groups is the way they conduct themselves. Along with their
technical skills, these researchers possess unusual business and media
savvy, say their peers.
"The LSD team always seems to find problems in critical core technologies,"
says Chris Wysopal, director of research and development for  Inc.,
in Cambridge, Mass., which also does vulnerability testing on software
applications. "They handle themselves professionally with the technology
community and are able to span the cultural and language barriers between
Poland and the U.S."
The LSD's research is also impeccable (for example, a 50-page paper that
exposed implementation vulnerabilities of Java) -- far better than anything
produced by the l0pht, the hacking group that grew up to become Wysopal adds.
Exploit Controversy
But LSD hasn't completely escaped criticism. In March, the group put itself
at the center of a controversy when it released exploit code for a Sendmail
vulnerability discovered by Internet Security Systems.
"As a security vendor, we don't think it's good business to post exploit
code because it enables bad guys to break into systems," says Chris Rouland,
vice president of ISS's X-Force team in Atlanta.
Ostwald says the group decided to release the Sendmail exploit code because
ISS was overstating the threat posed by the bug. "When a threat is
overestimated, it makes it hard to perform appropriate risk management. So
we put the exploit code out for testing and proved that the threat was not
as serious as the vendors claimed," Ostwald says.
Off the record, at least one security company now criticizes LSD for not
posting exploit code for the Windows RPC bug. "How do you prove the bug
without the code?" the source said. But because the bug affects so many of
the Windows operating systems, releasing the exploit code would not have
given IT managers enough time to patch, counters Ostwald. Wysopal agrees.
"If [they] released the code to the Windows buffer overflow attack too soon,
we'd have another SQL Slammer on our hands," says Wysopal.
Besides, people are already developing the exploit code anyway, says Tim
Mullen, CIO of AnchorIS.Com, and a SecurityFocus columnist. And Rouland says
ISS had developed exploit code four hours after news of the bug was released
to the public.
When they're not trapped between the proverbial rock and hard place of
releasing or not releasing exploit code, LSD members are generally praised

@_date: 2003-07-29 06:53:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Random numbers hit and miss: Maths pinpoints cause for faulty 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-29 15:38:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Geek.com Geek News - Mini-Review: Dazzle Universal 6-in-1 card 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-30 19:40:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: arXiv: Implementing An Agent Trade Server (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-30 19:43:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Secure IDE? 
It means it pre-encrypts your data before it's actually put on the drive.
In addtion the key is kept in a removable dongle of some sort so you can
take it with you. In other words the only bytes on your physical drive are
If the part in possession of the drive doesn't have the key then they
can't decrypt it (at least in their theory) without brute force.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-30 20:19:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Japan making RFID-trackable cash 
Time to start microwaving all the yen that come through my hands ;)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-30 21:05:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the   
om>
Actually this is the fundamental failure of your view, Tim's, and most
other CACL sorts.
ALL markets are subject to parameters that are -not- subject to strictly
economic motives. In fact a purely 'economic motive' isn't fundamentally
about money, it's about either insecurity or power, it's about
inter-personal relationships. It's about 'using'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 00:27:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the   
Evidence please...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 00:33:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the   
As usual, talking out of both sides of the pie hole. First sentence about
'hard to manipulate' and the next examples of how real world markets
aren't hard to manipulate at all. I'd like to see some evidence on your
example of Amman, Jordan for example.
It's easy to make smoke, much harder to collect the wood.
Life is not economics, it can't be understood in strictly economic terms.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 00:35:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the  
Which only goes to show how inaccurate and generaly confused these sorts
of systems are. Based on what people feel rather than what they know. The
failure of all free markets to conform to what 'economists' consider the
This example actually blows your whole suppostion away.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 06:24:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Life is not economics. 
What have you done at all?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 07:06:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Pac Bell's Internet arm sues music industry over file-sharer 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 07:07:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - MCI denies national security 'compromised' (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 07:07:33
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Seattle Times: Nation - Pentagon: China planning on 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 07:07:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Grist | Books | Cod is dead | 24 Jul 2003 (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 18:21:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 'Progressive' Lawyer Group Ready To Challenge Formidable 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-02 06:53:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Kazaa, Brilliant move will spanner MPAA, RIAA (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-03 18:01:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Man wins right to sue U.S. government over pot car - 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-08 08:24:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: FindLaw's Writ - Dean: Missing Weapons Of Mass Destruction 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-08 20:55:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | New AIM Offering "end to end" Encryption (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-08 20:56:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Bruce Sterling On Total Information Awareness (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-11 22:21:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | FTC Wants Secret Spam Investigation Powers (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-11 22:21:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Online NewsHour: Forum -- Copyright Conundrum (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-18 13:03:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: New Zealand News - World - Beijing goes high-tech to block Sars 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-18 20:12:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Sweden To Outlaw File Sharing, Crypto Breaking? 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-18 22:30:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: cisco.com || Interpol Bureaus Around the World to Collaborate 
As part of its ongoing mission to help customers leverage the
power of the Internet, Cisco Systems recently joined forces with
Interpol, an international organization that facilitates
cross-border criminal police cooperation, to create and deploy
a new Virtual Private Network (VPN) called I-247.

@_date: 2003-06-18 22:30:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Mining E-mail Content for Author Identification Forensics 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-19 08:31:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Researchers build gadget to see through walls 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-21 13:51:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Congressmen turn on ICANN (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-06-29 23:37:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [sexpot@zork.net: 6:30 pm Monday 30 June 2003 Refund Day II: 
may be be tried but might be put off for another day.] (fwd)
----- Forwarded message from Jay Sexpot Sulzberger  -----

@_date: 2003-05-01 22:35:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NOWAR - Showdown in Texas, Teach-ins, and More (fwd) 
Hello, all. More information about the Showdown in Texas, which will happen
this weekend. Also a correction on the location of tonight's event.
On Wednesday, April 30, at 7:00 pm, there will be a teach-in on "Enhancing
Democracy? Why the U.S. Military Won't Bring Democracy to the World."
Speakers include UT History Professor Geoffrey Schad, speaking on Syria;
Communications Professor Dana Cloud; and Rahul Mahajan of the Nowar
Collective, author of the forthcoming "Full Spectrum Dominance: U.S. Power
in Iraq and Beyond"
Location: UT Campus, Gearing 105 (Gearing is at 24th and University.
On Saturday, May 3, the Showdown in Texas commences (other related events
will already be in progress -- see
 The Showdown rally is a
demand for human security, not "homeland" security: funding for healthcare,
housing, education and jobs; environmental sustainability; protection of
civil liberties for citizens, immigrants and indigenous peoples, a
moratorium on the death penalty, and an end to US military interventions
and war at home and abroad.
Starting at 11:00 am at least 6 issue marches starting in different
locations (see  for details)
will converge at the Capitol at High Noon for an opening rally. This rally
will be followed by a mass march past some of the top defense industry
contractors located in downtown Austin and end up back at the Capitol for a
Festival of Love and Resistance.
The main events are at the State Capitol:
12:00 noon. Opening rally with a large slate of national speakers,
including Lucius Walker of Pastors for Peace, Medea Benjamin of Global
Exchange ( Cheri Honkala of the Kensington
Welfare Rights Union, and Rania Masri.
1:15 Military Reality March - participants will march past some of the
downtown corporate and military defense contractors and back to the Capitol
3:00-5:00 pm - Festival of love and Resistance. More speakers, music, and a
special guest star. Also poets, breakdancers, low riders, and much more.
On Sunday, May 4, from 6:00-8:00pm, there will be a teach-in on "The Texas
Military-Industrial Complex: Profiting from War and Occupation." This event
is associated with the Showdown. Speakers will talk about Lockheed Martin,
Dyncorp, the role of oil in the Military-Industrial Complex, and the
connection of Texas to the occupations of Palestine and Iraq. Speakers
include Rahul Mahajan of the Nowar Collective, author of the forthcoming
"Full Spectrum Dominance: U.S. Power in Iraq and Beyond"
( Stefan
Wray ( and Quent Reese.
Location: UT Campus, Jester Auditorium, 21st and Speedway, across Speedway
from the Perry-Castaneda Library.
All events are free and open to the public. Please forward where appropriate.
In Solidarity,
the Nowar Collective

@_date: 2003-05-04 17:56:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [SSZ Error]  
Thanks, I sent a note to the folks who are -supposedly- taking care of
Just another reason to change the current setup on this end.
If all works well I'll be changeing the SSZ feed from this ISDN we've had
since '94 and taking it to SDSL. I'll also take back all the DNS and
related services as well. It's amazing how many people find DNS hard to
The change should take place sometime in the June/July time frame.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-04 18:02:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Biometrics ID bill hearing on Thursday (fwd) 
shenson at austin.rr.com
SB945 sponsored by Ogden is being heard in the  Defense Affairs and
State-Federal Relations
Committee on Thurday.
The bill enables the use of facial, thumb, fingerprints, and other
biometric identifiers for *a broad range of state purposes to
authenticate identity.*
Several people on this list have professional experience with the
reliability issues with biometric ID.
** The legislators don't understand the technology. If you have relevant
information, please let legislators know. **
If you'd like to testify or communicate your expertise to the committee
members, please contact Scott Henson at ACLU-TX,  shenson at austin.rr.com,
who will let you know who's most effective to talk to.
Or fax a letter to committee members.

@_date: 2003-05-04 22:57:46
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] [Fwd: [aclulegteam] Re: Biometrics ID bill hearing 
CC: 	
References: 	<3EB57F1E.5070106 at alevin.com>
Any and all groups or individuals who are interested in opposing SB 945
requiring DPS to collect biometric information about every Texas driver
should express their opposition not only at the hearing Thursday May 8 at 8
a.m., room E1.020, but if possible should also contact members before and
after the hearing to express their opposition.
Because we 'missed' opposing this bill in the Senate, we need to gin up as
much public opposition to this thing as possible, ASAP. Any media work or
other outside game stuff folks want to do is appropriate and would be
appreciated. So call out the troops on this one to the extent you can. Find
attached a fact sheet I'm turning into an ACLU action alert.
Here's the committee members in Defense Affairs:
 Corte, Frank (R) - CHAIR 4N.06, 463-0646
 Campbell, Scott (R) - VICE CHAIR E2.820, 463-0331
 Berman, Leo (R) - CBO E2.908, 463-0584
 Delisi, Dianne White (R) GW.16, 463-0630
 Seaman, Gene (R) E2.406, 463-0672
 Mabry, John (D) E2.416, 463-0135
 Merritt, Tommy (R) E1.302, 463-0750
 Moreno, Paul (D) 1W.09, 463-0638
 Noriega, Rick (D) E2.718, 463-0732
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2003 3:59 PM
------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
Rent DVDs from home.
Over 14,500 titles. Free Shipping
& No Late Fees. Try Netflix for FREE!

@_date: 2003-05-04 23:20:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Weekly Social, Project Planning, Open Forge - RIP 
Asymmetric Clustering...
          Distributed Name Space...
                    Global Sign-on...
                              Guerrilla Networking...
                                        Open Source Technology...
Do these words make your heart beat faster and your breath go shallow?
If so then perhaps you should become involved with Hangar 18. We are
a tit-for-tat group of computer hobbyist of a wide range of skills
intent on building the next computing infra-structure using Open Source
technology. We don't focus on any one form of technology but instead
focus on real world applications in grid or large scale distributed
Time:                May 8, 2003
                     Every Thursday, excluding national holidays
                     7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
                     Location:            Buffet Palace, N. Lamar @ I-35 @ Anderson. In
                     the parking lot in front of Hobby Lobby.
                     The location varies from week to week so be sure
                     to check with an active Hangar 18 member (or
                     join the mailing list!) for more information.
Identification:      We'll be the group with the Plan 9 OS box on the
                     table...;)
As some of you who come to the weekly meetings will be aware there has
been a cash flow issue regarding the T1 and extending projects through the
Open Forge domain. Well it finally came to a head after nearly 18 months
of trying to find a way around the issue. Because of cash flow and an
increasingly unstable work environment with respect to the other sponsors
of the T1 feed it will be phased out over the summer. This does not mean
any immediate changes for at least the next 4-6 weeks. It does mean we
will lose the T1 and possibly the Phantoms's Mansion site. We will
continue to operate the SSZ site and at the appropriate time the resources
hosted through Open Forge will be migrated to SSZ. One of the first two
things I need to do is up my bandwidth from the current ISDN to a SDSL
(~384kb/s both ways v the current 128kb/s total). One nice thing about
this transfer is my monthly net feed bill will go down by about $50. So
I'm not complaining about that. It also means that I'll take over the
operation of the DNS so we will once again have full support for alternate
domain names (ie .ssz, .cpunks, etc.). The other aspect will be the
tranfer of all the current services (eg mailing lists) over to SSZ. In the
interim I'll be working to add new services (eg IRC) on the SSZ site
since its clear no such work will happen on Open Forge. We will give at
least a couple of weeks notice prior to the change so hopefully it won't
take anyone by too big a surprise.
Rob and I had been in the proces of upgrading the Open Forge Hangar 18
page. We will continue with that effort but will mirror all material on
SSZ so that when Open Forge goes down the transition should be very
smooth. This will -not- effect any services or projects other than the
basic services on Open Forge. The OAON, 802.11a/b, 802.16, 900MHz
repeater, Plan 9 Auth services & namespace, development services (Anyone
using Cons currently?), Squeak VRML, etc. will -not- suffer as a result.
Further, this will -not- effect the commercial Open Source technology
development efforts planned via In Silica other than perhaps allowing us
to move forward on some specific projects -earlier-  than we had currently
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-04 23:21:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks - Montly Physical Meeting 
Time:                May 13, 2003
                     Second Tuesday of each month
                     7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
Location:            Central Market HEB Cafe
                     38th and N. Lamar
                     Weather permitting we meet in the un-covered tables.
                     If it's inclimate but not overly cold we meet in the
                     outside covered section. Otherwise look for us inside
                     the building proper.
Identification:      Look for the group with the "Applied Cryptography"
                     book. It will have a red cover and is about 2 in. thick.
Contact Info:         --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-05 21:37:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
Except he's wrong. No government fell and the printing press did nothing
but increase the power of the church, his own example demonstrates it.
NONE of those devices did that. They changed the approaches used but did
not in any significant way do this.
What -did- was the growth of concepts like equality and
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-06 01:53:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Capitalism and monopolism 
Because they consolidate, or monopolize.
No it hasn't. Don't confuse a general increase in the level of income with
the consolidation of the -majority- of wealth into a smaller and smaller
percentage of the population as the same thing, they're not.
Markets which are not 'free' in the strictest sense; eg no IP laws or
other protectionist practices to protect the status quo from change - in
other words "because you have it now doesn't mean you'll have it later.
However, there is a problem with strictly free markets in that there is no
mechanism to resolve conflicts or breaches of contract other than
'reputation' which makes and requires assumptions of open access and easy
capture of information -across the entire market for all players-.
Something that really can't happen in the real world. There are time and
distance issues which simply can't be resolved in the real world.
While they do contradict Marx the facts don't indicate a rosey picture for
the majority as anything other than a wage-slave.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-06 02:04:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Exactly! It is what the whole point of Open Source software is supposed to
be about. Give the technology away and sell the brains on how to use it to
solve somebody elses problem who doesn't have the drive/self-confidence/
whatever to do it themselves.
One of the great missed opportunity of most Open Source development is to
re-sell -specific versions- in a closed source model to individual buyers
to fulfill -local- goals. More Open Source licenses should have a clause
that states that if you want to use this software in a closed license
model please contact the author for special pricing".
It continues to amaze me the way many believe that because the software is
'free' the access and utilization of those who know how to apply it
should also be free. Ignorance of market dynamics; pure, plain, and
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-06 02:12:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Capitalism and monopolism 
Adam really should stick to crypto, his understanding of psychology is
rather whimsical at best.
If people can act through governments to probe the depths of human
deprevity there is no reason to believe that adding profit to the equation
will alter those depths to the less extreme at all.
His faith in the power of the all mighty buck to make people act ethically
or in a civil fashio is seriously misplaced.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-06 02:15:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: what moral obligation? (Re: DRM technology and policy) 
Which actually misrepresents the facts. The fact is that Philips position
is one of power and authority, of course they will do this simply to
protect their monopoloy (not the consumers rights, which aren't the same
If you don't think Philips is looking at how to license their TM to others
wanting to add copy protection of various ilks then you are seriously
misunderstanding the dynamics of a 'Capitalist' market.
It's a matter of time & $$$, not ethical protection of consumer rights or
the obligation of inventors/creators to supply the public domain.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-06 02:19:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: what moral obligation? (Re: DRM technology and policy) 
Probably, -if- it were in Philips best interest. It isn't. What -is- in
Philips best interest is to change their standard so that they can license
exceptions to this. This means they are in a position to monopolize the
market of DRM in regards CD technology.
An additional strategy Philips may be trying is to close down CD
technology and force the market into some newer standard that would allow
Philips a longer-lived income stream. What sorts of patents and IP does
Philips have in DVD technology for example?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-06 02:29:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this  
Actually Nomen misprepresents. Lots of people complain about Tim. that
doesn't justify them in actually doing anything about stopping him from
spewing. As much as I find is dribble dribble I'd be one of the first to
stand up to stop anyone from limiting his access to the list or his
expression of ideas irrespective of his word choice. This is one of the
reasons that SSZ remains one of the few completely unmoderated nodes left
on the CDR (Hi Igor you fascist fucking pig).
Fuck that noise.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-06 22:15:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: seeking Eric Hughes (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I am trying to locate the Eric Hughes who was a Latin student of Maureen
O'Donnell in Fairfax VA in the late 1970s.  He often called himself
"Izbad."  If you are he, or if you know how to contact him, please reply
to this message.
Susan Schearer, Handley High School (retired), Winchester, VA

@_date: 2003-05-07 22:13:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Physics News Update 636 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE
The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 636 May 7, 2003   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein, and James Riordon
ULTRA-LOW-ENERGY ELECTRONS CAN BREAK UP URACIL, a new study shows.  How
injurious is radiation (alpha, beta, and gamma rays or heavy ions) to living
cells?  This important question has been addressed in many ways.  Much
attention has centered on the secondary particles produced in the wake of the
intruding primary radiation, especially electrons (about 40,000 electrons are
produced for each MeV of energy deposited) with typical energies of tens of
electron volts.  Many of these secondary particles quickly lose their energy
and become attached (solvated) to water molecules in the cell.   What is the
general effect of electron energies below 20 eV?  A report from three years
ago (Boudaiffa et al., Science 287, 1658, 2000) showed that electrons in the
3-20 eV range are able to produce substantial genotoxic damage, including
breaking single- and double-stranded DNA?  What about secondary electrons with
even smaller energies? To look at this energy range for the first time,
Tilmann Maerk and his colleagues at the Universitat Innsbruck (Austria) and
the University Claude Bernard Lyon (France) scattered a beam of sub-eV electrons from a beam of gaseous uracil molecules.  Uracil is one of the base units of RNA molecules, and is thus a crucial component in cells.  These scientists found that uracil is efficiently fragmented by electrons with energies as small as milli-electron-volts.  It's not the electron's kinetic energy that causes the disruption, but the electron's charge, which changes the uracil's internal potential energy environment. Furthermore, in the process a very mobile  atomic hydrogen can be freed, which on its own, as a radical (a free chemical unit by itself), can do
damage to biomolecules (see a movie of this process at
schematic at  ).
Maerk (tilmann.maerk at uibk.ac.at, 43-512-507-6240) says that this low-energy
damage seems to be a general result since his group has since performed
similar work with thymine (a DNA base) and have seen similar fragmentation.
(Hanel et al., Physical Review Letters, 9 May 2003; Innsbruck website,
 )
PERFECT INSULIN CRYSTALS.
{SSZ: Text deleted]
THE TINIEST SOLID-STATE LIGHT EMITTER, produced by Phaedon Avouris and his
colleagues at IBM, consists of a single-walled carbon nanotube (NT) strung
between two electrodes, and controlled by a third.  The business part of this
minuscule transistor is a nanotube only 1.4 nm wide and tailored to be
semiconducting.  In this arena electrons coming from one electrode meet with
positively charged "holes" coming from the other electrode.  When the two
species meet they combine and emit a tiny burst of light.  This light is
conveniently engineered to be at a wavelength of 1.5 microns, invisible to the
human eye but perfect for photonic applications.  Why use a NT when a larger
piece of bulk semiconductor could also produce light?  Because of the
potentially much greater energy efficiency and compactness of the light
emitting region.  Single-molecule light emission has been instigated before,
but not under the auspices of solid state wiring. The NT wire also seems to be
robust: it is able to carry 6 micro-amps of current, for a current density of
more than 100 million amps per square cm.  (Misewich et al., Science 2 May
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE is a digest of physics news items arising
from physics meetings, physics journals, newspapers and
magazines, and other news sources.  It is provided free of charge
as a way of broadly disseminating information about physics and
physicists. For that reason, you are free to post it, if you like,
where others can read it, providing only that you credit AIP.
Physics News Update appears approximately once a week.
AUTO-SUBSCRIPTION OR DELETION: By using the expression
"subscribe physnews" in your e-mail message, you
will have automatically added the address from which your
message was sent to the distribution list for Physics News Update.
If you use the "signoff physnews" expression in your e-mail message,
the address in your message header will be deleted from the
distribution list.  Please send your message to: listserv at listserv.aip.org
(Leave the "Subject:" line blank.)

@_date: 2003-05-08 21:13:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Grid Computing and P2P (fwd) 
I think we've already covered this sort of app in our 'tit-for-tat'
approach with Hangar 18...though we've pretty much decided to opt out of
the music/video side of the apps.
We have a new webpage to wander through, more stuff soon!
We'll be moving more material for the OAON and other references sometime
next week. We'll also put an identical copy on the open-forge.org by then
For the 'old' Hangar 18 page,
We've also updated the SSZ page as well,
We'll be getting around to the CDR page one of these days ;)
If you want to play,
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hey...I had a great idea today. So great that all will be forced to bow at
the feet of Tyler Durden.
Of course, I have a decent amount beer in me, and there are unresolved
issues, but right now it's lookin' pretty "obvious" so here goes.
Kids who currently share files via P2P should instead "earn" song download
credits by making their computers available for grid computing.
Comments? First let me state what I don't give a crap about...
1) Market for grid computing. For argument sake, let's assume it's there,
and that there will increasingly exist compaines that need
supercomputing-like capabilities but don't want to buy a Cray or whatever.
2) Kids won't bother. Bullshit. There will certainly exist a % of teenagers
that would rather "legitimately" earn song downloads, and who have an
"always on" broadband pipe. As for CPUs, those will otherwise be wasted at
And in case I gotta explain it for the dim-witted, I'm talking about a big
company wishing to purchase grid-computing facilities who come to the "P2P
Grid Corp", and pay some $$$. These $$$ are then actually paid in part to
entertainment companies for the rights to allow subscribers to download
files in exchange for making their CPUs available for grid computing.
Of course there are open questions. Like, how to value a CPU? (Hettinga?)
Also, it would seem to me this system needs to be centralized, in order to
control the file sharing. But it also occurs to me that a "song" might
actually in itself act as a digibuck of sorts within the system
(imagine...the 'gold' doesn't sit in a bank, it's actually encoded into the
digibuck itself!) (There's also the issue of how to value the pipe-size into
that PC's home...a big FAT-ASS computer within a tiny little 56K pipe might
not be super valuable)...
MSN 8 helps eliminate e-mail viruses. Get 2 months FREE*.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-08 21:34:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Q: A question of security vulnerability 
Given a basic Linux (or *nix) system with a user bob. Assume that bob has
sudo capability. There are two approaches (I'm not going to use exact
1.	bob	sh
2.	bob	All
So, in the first case bob can:  sudo sh -c "foo"
and in the second bob can: sudo foo
Why would the first approach represent a more secure mechanism?
It is true that sh could be a wrapper or have sticky bits, etc. We'll
assume these are not an issue. The point being why is running a program
directly as root in this manner less secure than running the program
through a shell as root?
Example? Explanation?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-09 20:38:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [hangar18-general] Q: A question of security vulnerability 
Hi Wayne,
Hope you and the family are doing well. Kick them kids for me ;)
Got any Plan 9 boxes running yet?
Exactly, what I was interested in though was are there any situations or
programs that one can run  using  that one can't do using  It isn't
an issue of security or user rights per se but rather a 'shell
compatibility' issue. Is there an aspect of *nix that allows programs to
be loaded directly, while they won't run via a shell?
Is that clear as mud or what?
I believe the first is slightly safer because you could wrap shell (eg put
it in another dir and use a script in /bin/sh's place). The reason I
believe it is more secure (but only very!!! slightly) is that before we
can execute the users target code they -must- execute 'sh' which provides
an opportunity for doing something about stopping them.
It's an interesting mind game if nothing else.
We should do a 1st Saturday sometime this summer ;)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-10 09:12:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Q: A question of security vulnerability 
I've used that sort of approach as well.
With regard to the sh wrapper I mentioned earlier, I like chroot for that
sort of stuff. One approach is that when the user executes the sh -c the
sh wrapper creates a well know chroot sequence and perhaps copies
information from the live file system into the chroot jail. Let's the
user makes modes, and when the "foo" command quits the script can then
evaluate the results (for example greping for changes to itself in all
files in the chroot jail. Assuming it looks ok it can cp the changes back
to the live filesystem and away you go.
I -never- make that claim ;)
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-12 21:13:22
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
:) All the bozo's subscribing the list don't help either...
Does this mean inbound to lne.com or to the backbone? It seems unclear.
In other words you will filter inbound mail that isn't a subscriber to
your node list? How will this be applied to mail on the backbone from
other nodes?
???? Man, you're dropping a lot of real traffic then. I'd say that I go
through a couple hundred a day and there are about 15-20 posts a day. Of
course there are days when there are almost zero non-spam mail.
So, if it's not PGP signed (ie has the appropriate ASCII string in it) and
it comes from somebody who isn't on your subscriber list then it's headed
for the bit bucket?
So this means no anonymous email through lne.com then? Pity.
I"m still not clear on how you're going to filter the backbone traffic.
I'd certainly like to put them on the SSZ CDR page for reference.
I'll move lne.com from 'non-moderated' to 'moderated' then?
Thanks for the explanation and heads up.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-12 21:18:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email?  
Tell 'em to get a real PDA, preferably a Zaurus but a PowerPC is
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-12 21:54:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
Even 128kb/s ISDN does not appreciably bog. At current loads I use less
than 10% of my bandwidth on average. I do see spikes that hit 100% but
they last for minutes.
A SDSL commerical feed is around $250 a month and you can host your own
name server and such.
Why should users pay for that? You're just trying to get a free ride.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-12 22:22:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Other changes to the CDR 
Just as an aside, and perhaps a friendly warning :)
We expect to complete the authorization issues on the current Hangar 18
cluster project the third week of June. At that point at least the current
Hangar 18 lists (~200) and the SSZ lists (ie CDR and a couple of others)
will be migrated to that format. We hope to have that migration completed by
sometime in July.
We currently expect to start with 80G of space and increase as needed.
Additionaly we'll be moving from this ISDN to 384k SDSL in the Oct. time
At least at the start we will continue to support subscribers in the
traditional sense. But once we have enough 9P users (there are drivers for
many OS'es now) we can drop the traditional *nix interface (we'll
probably do that when 90% of our users are via 9P). It's worth mentioning
that we'll also be able to support NFS and SMB as well (though we will not
make such resources universal/global in nature because of the various
security issues, they also have very! limited support for transitive
The general layout will be to mount the namespace on some local point of
your choosing (eg /hangar18) and below that will be all the community
resources. To participate in a list for example will be nothing more than
editing a text file and dropping it in the appropriate dir (eg
longer-lived location (eg /hangar18/cypherpunks/). The propogation
will be handled via 9P services. To access the resources one must either
be a direct participant via tit-for-tat or else a tit-for-tat node will
provide some sort of access via their own policies (eg $$ to the public or
free to friends). The title will be the filename, the author the owner,
and if you want to cc then it will be a cp with multiple targets, and each
'mail list' will not be aware of what other lists it was copied to
(though you could certainly create a header like structure to share that
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-12 22:35:52
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
Once we get the 9P stuff up and running bandwidth issues will go away. 9P
has this cool feature called 'lazy update' which means that when you mount
a namespace you can move the data you want to local only when you access
it. The rest of the time you just have a dir-like structure that handles
namespace access and it sits somewhere on real hardware, but you could
really care less where (or even how many 'where's' there are ore the size
of the chunks the file is broken into ;). In a very real sense the CDR
would stop residing anywhere in particular. It will also significantly
blur the distinction between operator and subscriber.
The author can protect the reader from MITM attacks via normal hashing by
providing their key in a real-only namespace.
Some other cool features we'll be able to support 'out of the box' is
shared multi-media. So, several of us export our sound cards out via a
it to multiple /dev/sb/* entries and wallah you all hear it. One app here
would be for a site to run a text-to-speech converter. Then anyone who
wanted to listen to the submissions to the list would mount that dev and
pipe it to their local sound board.
This highlights a cool feature of Plan 9 in that you put services in only
one location in the mesh/blanket/grid and 9P takes care of sharing it out
to everyone.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-12 22:47:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: economics of spam (Re: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email?) 
Let me say it again...
Economics is technology, government is technology. Neither are a 'fact of
nature' or a 'natural law'. They are a direct result of the way we look at
the cosmos -and how we *interpret* natural law-. To put it another way,
they are each -primarily- *ego*. -WE- -make- the world by the -choices-
-WE- -make-. Stop acting like a -victim of circumstances-.
If other technology changes then economics change. It is not immutable.
Don't confuse 'economics' (which is a function of psychology) with 'supply
and demand' (which is a function of the 3 laws of thermodynamics). Not the
same thing.
Use the right technology and the problem is -removed- from 'economic'
You're using the wrong technology.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-14 22:10:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge in the Cave 
Big problem, you've got to -prove- that there is only one of the
explorers (ie he has no twin) -and- that -only you and he are there-.
Your assumption that he is not lying is a major failing of the scientific
process - See the Magnificent Randy for more details and examples.
Responces to your specific questions below.
You can't, video is too easily manipulated. It is not strong enough for
any sort of real-world 'proof' without extensive corroborating evidence.
This is a moot point since the possibilities are endless.
In short, your entire scenario is swiss cheese.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-18 21:48:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
not this tripe...again...
To answer the question as posed by Jaron Lanier as to how the various
sorts of music are the same expression, easy.
People have a common brain morphology. Don't confuse means and ends.
Meme's are their own test, as used in your context.
The bottom line, the theory of 'meme' is -nothing- more than the
expression of the human desire to simplify and reduce. To absurdity if
given the chance, ala Dawkin's selfish gene gibberish.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-20 18:44:24
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: LAT: (fwd) 
from MoveOn.org mailing list post.
"A Nuclear Road of No Return" by Robert Scheer
(free registration required)
"On Sunday, the Washington Post wrote the obituary for the United States'
effort to find Saddam Hussein's alleged weapons of mass destruction.
"Frustrated, U.S. Arms Team to Leave Iraq," read the headline, confirming
what has become an embarrassing truth - that the central rationale for
the invasion and occupation of oil-rich Iraq was in fact one of history's
great frauds."

@_date: 2003-05-20 18:44:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ColorLines: Timeline of Homeland Security (fwd) 
from cdavis:
A succinct timeline of post-9/11 events and policies effecting immigrants
and civil liberties.

@_date: 2003-05-20 18:46:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Fwd: 6:30 pm Tuesday 20 May 2003 Refund Day II: The case of 
not be tried but put off for another day. (fwd)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
     will likely not be tried but put off for another day.
res ipsa loquitor...
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2003-05-20 18:52:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Oregon says unlawful labelling of an MP3 is 'terrorism' (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-21 07:08:08
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Washington State Restricts Anti-Cop Videogames (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-21 22:32:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Oregon's proposed new class of terrorists 
Actually even that isn't the 'right thing'. As long as the assembly is
peasefull it should be protected. The road is paid for by the people
protesting so it's at much their right to use it for the expression of the
1st as it is for drivers to want to go to/from work.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-21 22:40:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Why I Could Never Be a Lawyer 
I feel the same way about 'martial arts' and 'tournaments'.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-21 22:44:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested Reading 
Mathematical Fallacies and Paradoxes
B. Bunch
ISBN 0-486-29664-4 (Dover)
$9 US
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-22 00:49:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Anti-Censorship Tool Would Evade Porn Filters 
Education Week: American Education's Newspaper of Record
Anti-Censorship Tool Would Evade Porn Filters
By Andrew Trotter
Less than a year after a federal law began requiring school districts to
protect their Internet connections from pornography and other objectionable
materials, a new software tool offers a loopholecourtesy of Uncle Sam.
The software, called Circumventor, can be installed on any Windows-type
computer with unfiltered access to the Internet, such as a home computer.
That machine then can be a springboard for Web requests from computers, such
as those in schools, that have filters. Such a setup makes it possible to
retrieve unauthorized Web pages and rebound them to the requestor, past the
filter's outstretched arms.
A student on a school computer, for example, would start the process merely
by typing the Web address of the unfiltered computer into a Web browser,
such as Internet Explorer.
Circumventor wasn't meant to help youngsters download porn in the school
library. It was developed by the federal government to allow people overseas
who live under repressive governments to get news and information online.
"Various hostile governments like Cuba and China are blocking Web
siteswe're looking at technologies that can help," said Ken Berman, the
program manager for Internet anti-censorship at the International
Broadcasting Bureau. The bureau, which oversees the radio and Web services
of the Voice of America, in Washington, paid software programmer Bennett
Haselton to develop the tool.
Mr. Haselton is better known as the founder of Peacefire, a nonprofit,
Seattle-based group opposed to censorship on the Web, even for
schoolchildren. And he has been touting to the news media and on Peacefire's
Web site that, in addition to defeating "the great firewall of China," the
anti-censorship software can evade the Internet filters in nearly all
schools and many homes.
"We know that millions of teenagers have uncensored Internet access anyway
and are clearly handling it responsibly," Mr. Haselton said in an interview.
"Why isn't it right for all of them, not just for those lucky enough to have
Clearing the Filter
Circumventor takes a task usually requiring an expertcreating an "anonymous
proxy server"and automates it so it can be done in a few minutes by someone
with modest computer skills, Mr. Haselton said, and the software is
available for free on the Web.
However, Mr. Berman of the International Broadcasting Bureau noted that the
software is still a test version. He added: "We don't want to put taxpayer
dollars into helping people browse porn."
Even so, one filtering-company executive acknowledged that the method is
"It does work to get around filters," said David Burt, the public relations
manager for the Seattle-based N2H2 Inc.
Still, he said the company's Bess filtering system, which is widely used in
schools, would detect a Circumventor-equipped computer if "a substantial
number of people" started using it.
"But you can set it up in your home for 10 of your friends, and they can
probably get around the filtering," Mr. Burt conceded.
Nancy E. Willard, the director of the Responsible Netizen Institutea
private group based in Eugene, Ore., that promotes safe and responsible use
of the Internetcalled Circumventor "very significant" because it exposes
filtering as a "quick fix" that is unreliable and fails to teach children to
be responsible Internet users.
She cited a 2002 study by the Kaiser Family Foundation that tested the six
filtering products that are most widely used in schools. The study concluded
that filters block access to valuable health information on the Web and let
objectionable materials slip througherrors that increase at the more
restrictive settings.
"Given that environment, there's going to be really strong interest,
especially among technically sophisticated students, to set up these
[anti-filtering] systems for themselves and their friends," Ms. Willard
In many cases, she said, "this is not at all badthey're doing it to get to
the [appropriate] sites that they're being blocked from."
Schools would be better off responding to the Web's inappropriate content by
emphasizing education and supervision, she argued.
Why Schools Care
No reports have surfaced that Circumventor has been used in schools, but
some school technology officials are talking about the software.
In the 7,000-student Mankato, Minn., school district, Doug Johnson, the
director of media and technology, said the potential use of the software
highlights the issue of "overblocking" of valuable information.
"I'm always worried that schools are going to be increasingly irrelevant to
kids, who'll say, 'Why should I bother to do my research at school?'" he
The Mankato district filters at a minimum level to comply with the federal
Children's Internet Protection Act of 2000, which requires that schools that
receive federal technology funds equip their computers with filters. The
law's identical mandate for public libraries has been put on hold by a
federal court, pending the outcome of a legal challenge.
Mr. Johnson said Internet filters do spare students and teachers the
nuisance of accidentally running into porn during Internet research, but he
believes filters "provide a false sense of security."
What's more, every Mankato school has a computer in its media center in a
supervised location that is left unfiltered for teachers and students to
use, he said.
Mr. Haselton, meanwhile, said the software companies that make filters can
come up with ways to defeat Circumventor, but the process would take "a few
months" and require that their customers install software upgrades.
Plus, he predicted, more filter-evading tools will be devised in the
not-too-distant future. In fact, the Peacefire Web site solicits ideas from
visitors on better evasion techniques.
"We will continue to do stuff like this, helping to defeat Internet
censorship in Chinaand Stateside," Mr. Haselton promised.
On the Web

@_date: 2003-05-22 01:02:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | William Gibson on Movies, Music, Media (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-22 06:56:43
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - US anti-terror law used against hackers, thieves 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-22 06:56:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: HP adds Trusted Computing Module to PC range (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-22 07:06:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: PCWorld.com - Will Taxing E-Mail Stop Spam? (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-22 07:07:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ScienceDaily News Release: Birds And Humans Have Similar 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-23 06:53:06
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Canadian University to Begin Training Hackers (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-23 06:53:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Use a Honeypot, Go to Prison? (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-23 07:28:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's happening today.Crypto-anarchy? 
Anyone with a whit of common sense should hope that CACL dies a quick and
painless death.
Try "Schismatrix", tribe, and zaibatsu.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-23 15:27:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Suggested Sites 
Technical sites:
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-23 17:32:11
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | RFID Tags in Euro Banknotes (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-23 17:34:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - EC moots trackable cyber euro (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-23 22:37:18
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: EFFector 16.14: Supreme Court to Hear California DVD 
---------- End Forwarded Message ----------
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-24 16:48:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BBC monitoring Internet censorship in China (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-24 16:53:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Proposed law: $500 per unwanted spam - May. 24, 2003 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-24 16:57:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-24 21:47:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
Really, where's the proof?
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-24 21:49:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Complexity classes P and NP - Wikipedia (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-24 22:03:48
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
In other words you don't have one.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-24 23:54:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
And I have a proof to the contrary that will fit in this email.
Had you a proof you would be $1M richer, since your not, you don't.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-25 09:00:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
Tim, go back to sleep.
'Crank'? Where's your proof?  Have you actually seen the paper? Didn't
think so.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-25 09:10:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: P <> NP: The paper 
Enjoy, either way it turns out.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type APPLICATION/pdf which had a name of lanl_PNotEqNP.pdf]

@_date: 2003-05-25 09:39:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Navajo Code Talkers' Dictionary (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-25 18:20:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
I recognized it, it's just not as funny as your press releases would lead
one to believe.
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-25 21:02:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Putrescine synthesis - Polyamines, nonprotein amino acids and 
(fwd)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    Purdue University

@_date: 2003-05-28 07:26:23
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Divided court rules for police on Miranda - May. 27, 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-29 06:50:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Language police bar 'old,' 'blind' - May. 28, 2003 
I wonder if they've banned 'stupid' yet...
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-29 06:51:03
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Nullsoft's Waste: Encrypted, Distributed, Mesh Net 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-29 06:51:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Contactless Credit Cards (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-29 06:51:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: France and Switzerland Public Announcement (fwd) 
France and Switzerland Public Announcement
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Office of the Spokesman
May 28, 2003
This Public Announcement is being issued to alert U.S. citizens to the
potential for large-scale anti-globalization protests on or near the
French/Swiss border during the G-8 Summit scheduled for June 1-3, 2003, in
Evian, France. American citizens traveling in or out of France during this
period should be prepared for greater security checks and should have their
U.S. passports available at all border crossing points. This Public
Announcement expires on June 9, 2003.
The Summit of the Group of 8 (G-8) is expected to attract as many as 300,000
anti-globalization protestors, most of who will gather outside Evian in
Annemasse, France, and Geneva, Switzerland.  Protests will also take place
in Lausanne and other cities on the Swiss shore of Lake Geneva.  Large-scale
anti-globalization protests are planned beginning May 29 in Annemasse.
Large rallies are planned for June 1 in Geneva and Annemasse, and other
demonstrations are expected to take place in the region throughout the
Americans traveling in the area should avoid the demonstrations, bearing in
mind that in the past, similar demonstrations have sometimes turned violent
and that traffic and public transportation in the vicinity of demonstrations
are likely to be affected.
Additionally, to enhance security measures already in place for the Summit,
the government of France will increase passport and security checks at all
of its land borders.  Enhanced controls will begin immediately at some
borders to eventually include all land border crossings throughout the
period of the Summit.  Those entering or exiting France - whether by car,
boat or train - may be required to produce valid travel documents.  American
citizens traveling in or out of France during this period should be prepared
for greater security checks and should have their valid U.S. passports
available at all border crossing points.
American citizens can register and obtain updated information on travel and
security at the U.S. Embassy in Paris, the Consulate General in Marseille,
the Consulate General in Strasbourg, or the U.S. Embassy in Bern.
The U.S. Consular Agency in Geneva will be closed from Monday, May 26,
through Tuesday, June 4, 2003.
Travelers should also consult the Department of State's latest Consular
Information Sheets for France and Switzerland and the Worldwide Caution
Public announcement at travel.state.gov.
American citizens may also obtain up-to-date information on security
conditions by calling 1-888-407-4747 toll-free in the United States or
Canada, and 317-472-2328 from overseas.
See  for
State Department Travel Warnings
To change your subscription, go to

@_date: 2003-05-29 07:04:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The New Atlantis - Liberty, Privacy and DNA Databases - 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-29 07:04:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: AlterNet: Spying for Fun and Profit (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-30 06:44:27
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: U.S. Cautiously Begins to Seize Millions in Foreign Banks (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-30 06:44:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - California Supremes hear DeCSS Case (fwd) 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-30 06:45:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Court confirms DMCA 'Good Faith' web site shut 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-30 06:52:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: 4 essay writers sentenced for subversion in Beijing / Friends 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-30 06:52:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Go Asia Pacific Breaking News Asia - NZ makes contact with 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-31 00:37:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register When is e-money not e-money? When it stays on your 
--
    ____________________________________________________________________
      We are all interested in the future for that is where you and I
      are going to spend the rest of our lives.
                              Criswell, "Plan 9 from Outer Space"
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.org
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 2003-11-18 20:02:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Physics News Update 662 (fwd) 
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE
The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 662 November 18, 2003   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein, and
James Riordon
A LIQUID WALL IN A FUSION ENERGY DEVICE has improved the performance
[SSZ: text deleted]
ELECTRON SPINS CAN CONTROL NUCLEAR SPINS in a semiconductor when
trapped in a very confined space, a recent experimental development
which calls upon laser science, solid-state physics, and nuclear
magnetic resonance.  David Awschalom and his colleagues at the Center for
Spintronics and Quantum Computation at UC Santa Barbara begin by
lithographically creating a quantum well, an extremely thin,
practically two-dimensional region inside a semiconductor
capable of trapping electrons. First, a laser pulse injects
polarized electrons (their spins have a definite orientation
determined by the laser's polarization) into the well.  Once in the
well, the tiny disk of electrons (with a radius of about 20 microns
but a thickness of only 20 nm) can be controllably moved along one
axis, much as an abacus bead can be slid along a wire, by simply
changing a voltage.  In this case, the disk can be positioned with
nm-accuracy.  The nuclei of atoms residing within the thin
volume occupied by the spin-polarized
electrons will in turn be polarized; that is, the spin of these
nuclei will tend to align themselves with the spin of the
electrons.  The result is an extremely thin region---equivalent to
the thickness of several tens of atoms--- of polarized nuclei
which can be precisely positioned by changing a single voltage.
These thin sheets of nuclear polarization could constitute the basic
elements of an information storage device in which nuclear spin
determines the logical state of the system.  One may ask, why not
take out the "middle man" and just use the electron spin to encode
information?  The answer: nuclear spins have a weaker interaction
with the surrounding environment than electron spins.  While harder
to flip, once oriented, nuclear spins preserve their state longer
than do electrons.  One may also wonder, why not just use some large
magnet to orient the nuclear spins?  Why use electrons as
intermediaries?  The answer: all-electronic control of spin is
desirable because electric fields are so much easier to control and
create on a small scale than magnetic fields.  They are scalable and
easy to implement, while it is notoriously hard to produce large and
localized magnetic fields.  In addition, all of our current
integrated circuit technology is based on charge and electric field;
it would certainly be helpful to manipulate spin using "knobs" which
are well developed and familiar to engineers.  Awschalom
(awsch at physics.ucsb.edu, 805-893-2121) believes this current result
is the first step toward the establishment of an all-electrical
manipulation of countable numbers of nuclear spins.(Poggio et al.,
Physical Review Letters, 14 November 2003)
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE is a digest of physics news items arising
from physics meetings, physics journals, newspapers and
magazines, and other news sources.  It is provided free of charge
as a way of broadly disseminating information about physics and
physicists. For that reason, you are free to post it, if you like,
where others can read it, providing only that you credit AIP.
Physics News Update appears approximately once a week.
AUTO-SUBSCRIPTION OR DELETION: By using the expression
"subscribe physnews" in your e-mail message, you
will have automatically added the address from which your
message was sent to the distribution list for Physics News Update.
If you use the "signoff physnews" expression in your e-mail message,
the address in your message header will be deleted from the
distribution list.  Please send your message to:
listserv at listserv.aip.org
(Leave the "Subject:" line blank.)

@_date: 2003-10-03 13:51:09
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: SSZ node going down 
As of 17:00 Central today (10-3-03) the SSZ node will cease to operate.
All subscribers should move to one of the other nodes to continue to
participate in the list. That is my intention.
Ta ta.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-03 14:41:49
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Test....[No Reply] 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-05 11:47:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Yahoo! News - Israel Strikes Terrorist Base in Syria (fwd) 
Oh shit.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-05 16:04:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Smart cards get really smart (fwd) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-07 10:06:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [texas-hpr] University of Tennessee Amateur Science Survey 
We would like to invite you to participate in the Amateur Science
Information Survey (AMSIS). The AMSIS is being conducted by
information professionals at the University of Tennessee. This
anonymous survey is an attempt to determine where and how amateur
scientists find information related to their scientific interests.
The online survey takes approximately 10 minutes to fill out. The
results of this survey will help libraries provide services and
materials to better meet the diverse needs of amateur scientists. To
take the survey please go to
Travis Dolence
Ron Gilmour
University of Tennessee Libraries
------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
Buy Ink Cartridges or Refill Kits for your HP, Epson, Canon or Lexmark
Printer at MyInks.com. Free s/h on orders $50 or more to the US & Canada.

@_date: 2003-10-07 21:18:40
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Expect terrorist attacks on Global Financial 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-07 21:18:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Prison for KaZaA? Surely not in the UK (fwd) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-08 11:20:54
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - CD copy protection trumped by Shift key - Oct. 8, 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-14 15:28:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [announce] Postponing CyberDawg (fwd) 
Hi folks,
As some of you may have heard, we were moving very fast on having a
Cyberdawg next week.
I spoke with JonL this morning and we decided to postpone the cyberdawg
this month.
We had picked the 21st as a good date because it coincided with a panel
that the LBJ school was trying to pull together on eVoting.
Unfortunately, the panel fell through.
I decided that it would be useful to have an extra week or two to get a
lot of the ducks in a row (ex. T-shirts) before having our event rather
than trying to rush it.
Next week's major event, then, will be the Wireless party on Thursday(?)
for which EFF-A is a sponsor.  It'll be useful for us to get the word
out about this event. (details coming)
Furthermore, I'll work again with Ruta Maya to nail down a different
date (hopefully this won't be a big deal) and prepare fliers to pass
around at the Wireless event.
Thanks and sorry for the rampant misinformation,
David Nunez
david at davidnunez.com

@_date: 2003-10-17 08:52:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Cold War encryption laws stand, but not as firmly | 
This is great news for crypto...
 -- --
        Lo! Men have become the tools of their tools - H.D. Thoreau
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-17 10:34:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Cold War encryption laws stand, but not as firmly 
There was something else in that story that was even more important than
this ruling. What was it Peter?
This is a great reason not to rely on other peoples synopsis and read the
articles for yourself. Think for yourself.
Computer code was found to have 1st Amendment protection. It was a form of
 -- --
        Lo! Men have become the tools of their tools - H.D. Thoreau
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-22 21:50:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Why War?: All the President's Votes? (fwd) 
seen this?
I'm still reading through it, but thought I'd send it forward sooner than

@_date: 2003-10-24 08:45:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: NOWAR - Leader of India's largest movement to speak (fwd) 
Hello, all. We have just received news of a unique opportunity to hear
an important speaker.
Medha Patkar, one of the most respected political activists in the
world, will be speaking in Austin the evening of Nov. 4 (specifics
below). This is a rare chance to hear directly from someone on the
cutting edge of resistance to the reckless uses of state and private
power that threaten so many lives and livelihoods.
Patkar founded and leads the Naramda Bachao Andolan (Save the Narmada
Movement), the largest nonviolent people's movement in India. Over the
course of two decades -- through relentless organizing, demonstrations,
and hunger strikes -- the movement has been the voice of hundreds of
thousands of indigenous peoples and peasants who are losing their land
and way of life to large dams on the Narmada River. Like so many large
centralized development projects, the benefits of these dams go to a
small elite and the costs are borne by ordinary people.
The movement has won policy changes in World Bank and other
multilateral funding agencies but continues to face hostility from the
Indian government and often violent police responses -- and continues
to resist through nonviolent civil disobedience. With significant
leadership and participation from women, the nonviolent satyagraha
(insistence on truth) has refused to back down.
Visit  to learn more about the struggle.
Patkar also spearheads the National Alliance of People's Movements, a
powerful network of more than 150 mass-based movements across India.
NAPM is a non-electoral, secular political alliance of peasant, tribal,
dalit, women and labor groups that are critical of corporate
globalization and offer alternative development plans.
Patkar's work has been recognized through countless international
awards, including the Right to Livelihood Award (known as the
alternative Nobel Prize), Goldman Environmental Prize, a Human Rights
Defender's Award from Amnesty International, the Magsaysay Award, and
Global Villager Award.
Patkar's lecture, "Who pays for progress?", will focus on policies that
inhibit sustainable development and people's non-violent struggles for
social justice.
The talk will be Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 7:30 p.m. in the LBJ Auditorium in
Sid Richardson Hall (the one-story building directly east of the LBJ
Library and Museum) on the University of Texas campus. Free parking is
available in the lots on Red River just south of Dean Keeton (26th St.)
Map available at Because the event happens in just over a week, it's important to spread
the word widely so as many people as possible can hear Patkar. Please
forward this information to any relevant email lists and web sites.
Flyers can be downloaded from The primary sponsor of the event is the Austin chapter of the
Association for India's Development, a nonprofit organization promoting
grassroots efforts for health care, education, small enterprise,
alternate energy, environmental action and people's rights in India.
For more information, visit  or Co-sponsors will be announced later.
For more information, contact Harish Sharma, 695-7983,
aidut at uts.cc.utexas.edu.
Information about this and many other events can be found at
In Solidarity,
the Nowar Collective

@_date: 2003-10-24 09:02:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ABCNEWS.com : Scalia Ridicules Court's Gay Sex Ruling (fwd) 
Why does anyone listen to this punk....leave it up to him and women would
be barefoot and pregnant and non-anglo's would still be 5/8 human. The guy
is a bigot.
Strict adherence to the words of the Constitution, this nitwit hasn't
-ever- stuck to the words or the intents. Just another two-faced liar like
 -- --
        Lo! Men have become the tools of their tools - H.D. Thoreau
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-24 09:17:15
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: PhysicsWeb - Utopia theory (fwd) 
-- --
        Lo! Men have become the tools of their tools - H.D. Thoreau
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-28 04:35:20
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - SCO says GPL unenforcable, unconstitutional and 
-- --
        Lo! Men have become the tools of their tools - H.D. Thoreau
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-28 05:08:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Q: Has a change taken place in factoring RSA keys? 
One of the local Linux user groups had a talk at their meeting as well as
some extended discussion on the mailing list regarding RSA keys and
In particular a claim was made that recent technology has come to light that
allows factoring of 1024 bit RSA keys at $1B (US)/day. The basic gist was that
they were claiming that 1024 keys were no longer reasonable outside of a life
time of approx. a year. That 2048 keys were by extension weaker, and that
larger keys should be the norm. There was some discussion about hacking GPG to
generate 8k keys.
I'm wondering if anyone might comment on this with regard to sources of info
or other efforts? In particular I'm interested in any leads regarding this
supposed hardware breakthrough.
I spent about an hour googling around and didn't really come up with
anything substantial.
 -- --
Open Forge, LLC  24/365 Onsite Support for PCs, Networks, & Game Consoles
512-695-4126 (Austin, Tx.)  help at open-forge.com  irc.open-forge.com
Hangar 18  Open Source Distributed Computing Using Plan 9 & Linux
512-451-7087    irc.open-forge.org
James Choate  512-451-7087  ravage at ssz.com  jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-30 08:24:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: ScienceDaily News Release: Physicists Stop Polarized Light, 
-- --
Open Forge, LLC  24/365 Onsite Support for PCs, Networks, & Game Consoles
512-695-4126 (Austin, Tx.)  help at open-forge.com  irc.open-forge.com
Hangar 18  Open Source Distributed Computing Using Plan 9 & Linux
512-451-7087    irc.open-forge.org
James Choate  512-451-7087  ravage at ssz.com  jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-30 23:48:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [discuss] Call for Papers -  PISTA 2004 (fwd) 
Call for Papers
2nd International Conference on Politics and Information Systems:
Technologies and Applications (PISTA 404) July 21 - 25, 2004 - Orlando,
Florida, USA
PISTA '04 Organizing Committee invites authors to submit their original and
unpublished works, innovations, ideas based on analogical thinking, problems
that require solutions, position papers, case studies, etc., in the fields
of Information and Communication Technologies (ICT). ICT researchers are
invited to present their research results. Practitioners and consultants are
invited to present case study papers and innovative solutions. Corporations
are invited to present political information systems and software based
solutions. Public servers are invited to present case studies, information
systems developed for specific purpose, and innovative ideas and designs.
Political and social scientists are invited to present research or position
papers on the impact and the future possibilities of ICT in Societal systems
and political processes. Politician and political consultants are invited to
present problems that might be solved by means of ICT, or solutions that
might be improved by different approaches and  design in ICT.
All are invited to organize panel or invited sessions. Panel sessions with
panelists coming from both: ICT researcher/practitioners and political
consultants or politicians are highly encouraged.
Submitted papers must describe work not previously published. They must not
be submitted concurrently to another conference with refereed proceedings.
You can find complete information about the conference in our web page
PISTA '04 Organization
General Chair: Prof. Jose Vicente Carrasquero
Organizing Committee Chair: Prof. Angel Oropeza
Organized by the IIIS: The International Institute of Informatics and
Conference Areas
7 Informatics And Society
7 Informatics, Voting and Political Parties
7 Informatics And Government
7 Ethical and Legal Issues related to Informatics
Abstracts and Paper Drafts Submission Form
Papers might be submitted via web page
 as extended abstracts
(500-1500 words) or as full papers drafts (2000-5000 words).
Reviews will be done for both kinds of submissions.
Invited Sessions proposals can be done filling the form given in the web
page More information about Invited Sessions Organization could be found at the
web Important Dates
December  22nd, 2003: Submission of extended abstracts (500-1500) words or
paper Drafts (2000-5000) words.
December  22nd, 2003: Invited session proposals.
February  13th, 2004: Notifications of Acceptance.
April  13th, 2004: Submission of final versions: hard copies and electronic
Some invited sessions might have a different timetable according to its
organizer and chair
Papers Reviewing And Publication
Submitted papers will be reviewed. Accepted papers, which should not exceed
six single-spaced typed pages, will be published by means of paper and
electronic proceedings. Authors of accepted papers must sign a copyright
release form.
The Journal of Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics will publish, at
least, the best 10% of the papers presented at the conference.

@_date: 2003-10-31 07:39:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Crack codes and win prizes (fwd) 
-- --
Open Forge, LLC  24/365 Onsite Support for PCs, Networks, & Game Consoles
512-695-4126 (Austin, Tx.)  help at open-forge.com  irc.open-forge.com
Hangar 18  Open Source Distributed Computing Using Plan 9 & Linux
512-451-7087    irc.open-forge.org
James Choate  512-451-7087  ravage at ssz.com  jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-10-31 15:13:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Prediction about spam laws... 
I'd like to share my crystal ball.
The jurisdictions which pass spam control laws that require 'permission'
will actually foster spam.
The new format for spam will be:
May I send you correspondences?
To stop future correspondence please send an unsubscription request to:
f00 at bar.dingbat
 -- --
What these laws will actually do is require more effort on the part of
Further, the 'valid address' requirements would be fulfilled by a simple
-single- subscription to a free mail service. This mailbox of course would
never actually be read. What this will do is increase the load on the
'free' services, causing many of them to cease to exist. It in effect
increases the lower bounds on resources needed to participate in this
great democratic-technocratic experiment we call the Internet.
These laws are 'bad' things.
 -- --
Open Forge, LLC  24/365 Onsite Support for PCs, Networks, & Game Consoles
512-695-4126 (Austin, Tx.)  help at open-forge.com  irc.open-forge.com
Hangar 18  Open Source Distributed Computing Using Plan 9 & Linux
512-451-7087    irc.open-forge.org
James Choate  512-451-7087  ravage at ssz.com  jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-01 22:46:28
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Test [No Reply] 
X-Anonymous Submissions: cpunks_anon at ssz.com
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-01 22:50:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Test #2 [No Reply] 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-01 23:01:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] SSZ CDR Policy Change 
We are closing the cypherpunks at ssz.com address to non-subscriber submissions.
Actual subscriptions will remain open and unregulated. We have provided an
alternate email address for specific submissions where sender anonymity is to
be preserved,
cpunks-anon at ssz.com.
The list traffic will remain otherwise unmoderated and will mirror any
and all traffic on the CDR backbone.
These changes take place immediately.
There were two basic reasons for this:
1. My thesis that any community will fractionate into 'tribes' that will
   preserve their particular 'view' of 'reality' has been demonstrated.
   This provides yet another point to the contrary for the validity of
   Crypto-Anarcho-Capitalistic-Libertarian (CACL) societal claims. The
   various policies of processes of the current nodes stands on primary
   evidence to the 'tribalization' tendency of human psychology.
2. I no long see a positive reason to leave the submissions open without
   consideration. The load on my time and system simply no longer justify
   such effort in light of Don't worry, the SSZ CDR isn't going away...And we intend to continue to
kick CACL butt!
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-05 15:18:16
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] The Register - Garage door manufacturers battle over DMCA 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-06 10:48:30
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Re: Random musing about words and spam 
There are many patterns to these emails.
We've got the 'legitimate' spam, and then there is the spam that gets sent
to the list by members who subscribe the list to the spammers.
Then theres emails which are spam sitting in peoples inbox that gets
retransmitted by viruses, worms, and trojans. They may have started out as
spam but they've been hijacked for more nepharious purposes. Usually these
have lots of garbbled text in them.
Then ther are emails like the previous which are just 'snow' to blind the
Another is non-english text. We've been seeing a lot more of these over
the last six months or so.
We've also been seeing lists of words being sent to email addresses. The
purpose is to dictionary attack the various security passwords on the
It wouldn't surprise me one bit considering the human mind if a lot of the
spam we get isn't from non-spammers themselves. Priming the pump so to
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-06 17:08:17
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Slashdot | RIAA Parses 'P2P' As 'Peer 2 Porn' (fwd) 
Oh crap!
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-06 17:12:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Carlisle Barracks blocks Web site (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-06 17:15:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Mercury News | 09/06/2003 | Sobering report on jobs (fwd) 
The free market is dead, long live the free market!
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-10 09:25:14
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] CNN.com - Judge: Pop-up ads a 'burden' but legal - Sep. 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-10 09:25:56
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] China to stop police torturing suspects (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-10 11:12:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] An IRC server is available... 
Open Forge, LLC is making a IRC server available on kraken.open-forge.com
on port 6667 available for use. The current channels include a
For more information please visit the SSZ & Open Forge homepages.
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-10 17:45:41
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Inferno: USPTO p0wn3d (fwd) 
It seems that the veritable US Patent and Trademark Office, promulgator of
such wonderful ideas as sweeping patents on basic software algorithms,
seems to have revealed more of its true colors in recent statements.
In defending U.S. opposition to a recent World Intellectual Property
Organization (WIPO) meeting on "open collaborative models to develop
public goods" and after significant Microsoft lobbying, Lois Boland,
director of international relations for the USPTO is quoted as saying:
"open-source software runs counter to the mission of WIPO which is to
promote intellectual-property rights...To hold a meeting which has as its
purpose to disclaim or waive such rights seems to us to be contrary to
the goals of WIPO."
Lessig is furious:
"The Quiet War Over Open-Source"
linked from The meeting has been quashed.  But the idear seems quite rooted.

@_date: 2003-09-10 17:56:26
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Slashdot | RIAA Sued For Amnesty Offer (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-10 22:52:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] CNN.com - U.S. refuses judge's order in Moussaoui trial - 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-12 07:25:38
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Inferno: USPTO p0wn3d (fwd) 
I didn't write that, only passed it along.
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-12 08:32:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Another Cypherpunks Investigation? 
I had an interesting experience yesterday. I got to talk to a person
claiming to be with the DoJ in Philly (if memory serves). Apparently they
are investigating one or more posts in the Aug. time frame for something.
They were interested in a subpeona regarding technical information about the
The person didn't make it clear exactly who they were investigating. The
questions were focused on how the mailing list worked and where there was
editorial opportunity. They were also interested in mail and network logs
for that time frame (which I don't normally keep past 3-4 days). I was
very carefull to explain that IP spoofing was easy to do so that the
veracity or reliability of the logs was in question.
I'm deciding not to provide the persons name and contact info since I'm
not sure what the effect would be. I requested they talk with my lawyer in
regards to future information and that I wasn't interested in getting
That's about all I have on the topic at this time.
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-12 08:36:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: What's up with the Cypherpunks archive? 
Is it really so that there are no up to date archives? Venona seems to
have stopped a while back.
Just curious.
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-12 18:39:50
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [cdr] Re: Another Cypherpunks Investigation? 
Somethings broke in the backbone relay, the CDR has split.
I sent the note out and didn't see Tim's response, but do see JAT's.
Cool ;)
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-12 20:37:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [discuss] TV ALERT: TechTV Music Wars (fwd) 
Hey kids,
TechTV (Austin Digital Cable 239) is hosting a 2.5 hour special tonight
at 7:00 on file sharing issues, RIAA legal activities, etc.  They are
replaying it tomorrow night at 5:00PM and again Monday at 12:00P and
5:00PM.  I'll be taping it and will figure out the "right way" to share.
Via TechTV.com (techtv.com/musicwars):
Musicians, industry experts, and file traders break down the complicated
issues surrounding digital music. Watch today at 8 p.m., tomorrow at 6
p.m., and Monday 9/15 at 1 p.m. Eastern. By Steve Enders
Admit it: You're freaked out.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is suing music
downloaders as young as 12 years old. The organization has already
busted college students for downloading. Subpoenas have been served
seeking information on grandparents, mothers, and fathers. No one is
safe, and many don't even know they've done anything wrong.
Friday, TechTV brings you "Music Wars," a special that gets you up to
speed on how we arrived at this point -- and where digital music is
headed. Don't miss this exclusive look at the state of music as only
TechTV can explain it. "Music Wars" also sets the stage for "Music Wars:
Open Mike," TechTV's live, town hall forum featuring industry
executives, legal experts, and artists. If you're a music fan, or if
you're just interested in the groundbreaking legal issues surrounding
the download debate, this is a night of television you won't want to
You'll meet the ultimate music fans, people who have shaped their lives
around the prevalence of digital music. You'll meet artists including
Liz Phair, Michelle Branch, and others who have put everything at stake
by making their music so readily available online. You'll be surprised
by their varying opinions and openness with TechTV. We'll take you
behind the scenes of the major legal music services available online,
the services trying to fill the vacuum left by the glut of P2P software,
and the trade of illegal, copyright music.
Finally, you'll meet the queen of KaZaA, Nikki Hemming. "Tech Live"
reporter Jim Goldman sat down with Hemming in her Australian
headquarters to discuss the ramifications of what she's helped create,
and the industry she's helped inflame.
Featured 'Music Wars' Segments
Celebrities Sing, Squawk, Swap
on file-swapping, and others just sound good. Check out our recent
interviews and in-studio performances.
Peer-to-Peer Explained
Amazing what some computer code can do. It's the software that nearly
brought the music industry to its knees. It's also the software that has
prompted the industry to come back fighting -- gloves off -- and file
hundreds of lawsuits. The software known as Napster, written by a 17
year old, has evolved since 1999. See where it's been and where it's
going, and find out why the music industry would like to see it stopped.
Download 101
Incoming students normally start college with a tour around campus. At
the University of California, Berkeley, incoming freshmen are getting a
lesson in downloading music from P2P networks. The message: Do it at
your own risk. We visit orientation to see what the program is all
The Artists Speak
Liz Phair, Michelle Branch, Charlie Daniels, The Samples. They're
musicians with a diverse range of sounds, styles, and songs. They're
loved by millions around the world. They've also seen millions of their
songs downloaded from the Internet. But their opinions on file sharing
are as different as their music.
The Legal Alternative
When the RIAA began filing lawsuits against song swappers this week, it
also encouraged music fans to get their music the legal way using
services provided by Apple, BuyMusic.com, and Rhapsody. The services
offer thousands of good-quality songs, but are they the solution music
fans really want?
Posted September 9, 2003
David Nunez
david at davidnunez.com

@_date: 2003-09-13 10:16:47
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: [SDBUG] cypherpunk wargames (local) (fwd) 
I ran across this while doing some tactical wargame research ;)
 -- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-18 09:29:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Fair is fair, even to monkeys - Sep. 17, 2003 (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-18 09:30:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BayNews9.com - News - Public suicide at rock concert (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-18 09:30:44
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Extopian co-founder locks horns with Orlowski 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-18 09:57:21
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching you 24/7 | csmonitor.com (fwd) 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-18 09:57:55
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Scientific American: Public Not Welcome -- Libraries cut off 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-18 09:58:34
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: BW Online | September 16, 2003 | Needed: A Security Blanket for 
-- --
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-18 10:21:39
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: fwd: those hysterical librarians (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
"Ashcroft Mocks Librarians and Others Who Oppose Parts of Counterterrorism Law"
And, in case you missed it, a related "News in Brief" story from The Onion:
Revised Patriot Act Will Make It Illegal To Read Patriot Act
WASHINGTON, DC-President Bush spoke out Monday in support of a revised version of the 2001 USA Patriot Act that would make it illegal to read the USA Patriot Act. "Under current federal law, there are unreasonable obstacles to investigating and prosecuting acts of terrorism, including the public's access to information about how the federal police will investigate and prosecute acts of terrorism," Bush said at a press conference Monday. "For the sake of the American people, I call on Congress to pass this important law prohibiting access to itself." Bush also proposed extending the rights of states to impose the death penalty "in the wake of Sept. 11 and stuff."

@_date: 2003-09-19 10:15:29
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Dead Address Test (no reply plz) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-20 09:38:32
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - eBay to Fees: come and get what you want (fwd) 
Another example of why CACL [1] approaches don't work. Claims that
business are not as bad as the government are bogus because they fail to
realize that both are activities of people and people are the cause of
The evils of man are not a function of government, business, or whatever.
They rest solely on the human mind.
[1] Crypto-Anarchy, Anarcho-Capitalist, Capitalist, Libertarian
And note the 'big C' on capitalist....the distinction is whether the
commerce is the means or the ends. Big C capitalism it is the ends and
human lifetimes are the means.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-20 12:51:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - eBay to Fees: come and get what you want  
And this is still the best you can come up with.
You'll fit right in with Tim, Declan, and the rest of the CACL crowd.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-21 00:24:02
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks Montly Social 
Time:                October 14, 2003
                     Second Tuesday of each month
                     7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
Location:            Central Market HEB Cafe
                     38th and N. Lamar
                     Weather permitting we meet in the un-covered tables.
                     If it's inclimate but not overly cold we meet in the
                     outside covered section. Otherwise look for us inside
                     the building proper.
Identification:      Look for the group with the "Applied Cryptography"
                     book. It will have a red cover and is about 2 in. thick.
Contact Info:                             There is an irc channel that is available 24/365 at
                     irc.open-forge.org on port 6667. This resource is made
                     available by the good graces of Open Forge, LLC.
                     The mailing list can be joined by sending an email to
                     majordomo at ssz.com with 'subscribe austin-cpunks' in the
                     body.
News & Events:       The H18 Plan 9 efforts are well underway with three
                     three (3) boxes available in Austin (more on the way)
                     and other boxes in places like Russia, Spain, and
                     Portugal. We are currently working on kernel patches
                     that allow an increased pool of cpu servers to be
                     available to user processes. Another P9  effort is
                     integrating RSA into the factotum.
                     We've got several wireless nodes available now and
                     will be upgrading the SSZ node in particular in the
                     next couple of weeks. We're expanding our system
                     from just 802.11b to include a, b, & g.
                     There will be a road trip to Dallas on Oct. 4 for the
                     1st Saturday Computer Sale that is held each month.

@_date: 2003-09-21 00:31:58
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Weekly Hangar 18 Social 
Asymmetric Clustering...
          Distributed Name Space...
                    Global Sign-on...
                              Guerrilla Networking...
                                        Open Source Technology...
Do these words make your heart beat faster and your breath go shallow?
If so then perhaps you should become involved with Hangar 18. We are
a tit-for-tat group of computer hobbyist of a wide range of skills
intent on building the next computing infra-structure using Open Source
technology. We don't focus on any one form of technology but instead
focus on real world applications in grid or large scale distributed
Time:                Oct. 25, 2003 (last Thu. of month)
                     Every Thursday, excluding national holidays
                     7:00 - 9:00 pm (or later)
                     Location:            The location varies from week to week so be sure
                     to check with an active Hangar 18 member (or
                     join the mailing list!) for more information.
                     The last Thursday of each month we meet at the Robot
                     Group. Please contact them directly for directions,
                     per their request.
                     Identification:      We'll be the group with the Plan 9 stuff...;)
Homepage:            Mailing List:        Send 'majordomo at open-forge.org' an email which has
                     in the body 'subscribe hangar18-general' and nothing
                     else. You should be subscribed to the list and recieve
                     a notification back from the server. There are a
                     variety of mailing lists currently available.
Internet Relay Chat: kraken.open-forge.org
                     6667
                     The Open Forge group tries to meet each evening at
                     10PM (Austin, Tx.). The server is available for use
                     24/365.
Austin Contacts:     Open Forge, LLC
                     helpdesk: 512-695-4126 (24/365)
                     vmb: 512-451-7087
                     help at open-forge.com
Events & News:       There is a 1st Saturday Sale road trip scheduled for
                     Oct. 4.
                     We'll be starting a re-write of the installation How
                     To over the next week or so. Look for it around the
                     first couple of Oct.

@_date: 2003-09-22 11:04:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Boston.com / News / Nation / Bush calls Kennedy's Iraq 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-23 10:06:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - Jury convicts DirecTV pirate on DMCA charges 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-23 10:07:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Guardian Unlimited | Special reports | Bush covers up climate 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-23 10:45:12
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Researchers develop a 'smart' payment card that can easily be 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-23 13:28:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: _Triangle of Death_ (fwd) 
New book coming out about the Kennedy Assassination attempts to "present
compelling evidence that President Kennedy was killed Nov. 22, 1963, as
the result of a massive conspiracy between the CIA-installed government of
South Vietnam, the French global heroin syndicate and the New Orleans
Mafia."  It apparently presents quite a bit of new information.

@_date: 2003-09-23 13:45:45
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Anti-Bush protesters sue Secret Service - Sep. 23, 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-23 17:22:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | California Tries Spam Ban (fwd) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-24 09:42:05
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - MSN to close chat rooms - Sep. 24, 2003 (fwd) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-24 09:42:37
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - Report: U.S. youth fail civics basics - Sep. 23, 2003 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-24 09:42:51
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | EU Parliament Approves Software Patents (fwd) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-24 09:46:35
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Diebold takes down blackboxvoting.org (fwd) 
Who said there were significant differences in corporations and
governments...Oh yeah, CACL did....I guess they were wrong...again.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-24 13:52:07
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: U.S. court blocks anti-telemarketing list - Sep. 24, 2003 (fwd) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-24 13:52:36
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: The Register - European Parliament castrates software patent 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-24 17:37:13
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
The process is easy, built right into the Constitution. Get 3/4 of the
states to pass an amendment and wallah, you got what you want and the
feds can't do anything about it.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-25 10:10:01
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Yahoo! News - Panel to Close Pentagon Terror-Spy Office (fwd) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-25 12:07:19
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Neal Stephenson's _Quicksilver_ follow-up (fwd) 
I didn't notice this when I was looking at the site this afternoon, but:
Stephenson will be @ Book People here in Austin:
Wednesday, October 01, 2003 07:00 PM
Neal Stephenson, will be promoting Quicksilver
Appears on/at: BOOKPEOPLE/Speaking/Signing
 603 North Lamar, Austin, TX 78703
Tel: 512-472-4288
and the site has a chapter excerpt:
and details on several of his past works:

@_date: 2003-09-25 12:07:53
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Akila Al-Hashimi assassinated (fwd) 
A representative on the US appointed Governing Council in Iraq has died of
wounds from an assassination attempt this past Saturday.  She was one of
three women representatives on the 25-member council.  Strangely enough,
we are only hearing word of this assassination attempt today in the West;
now that she has in fact died it is newsworthy, I suppose?  Or perhaps
just inconcealable.
Riverbend briefly discusses the attempt in her Sunday September 21st blog
Here is a sampling of western coverage:

@_date: 2003-09-25 12:53:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - House votes for do-not-call registry - Sep. 25, 2003 
"50 million Americans can't be wrong." Let's see, there are 300M
Americans...this is a logical flaw, an appeal to the majority when in fact
it isn't even a majority.
Now let me make this clear I support the do-not-call list, in fact I
believe it should be the defacto and people should have to sign up to be
called, not the other way around. Such an approach would resolve the
'unsolicted' issues as well.
As usual we have the cart in front of the horse.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-25 13:08:42
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Inferno: Akila Al-Hashimi assassinated (fwd) 
Thanks, I fed it back upstream.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-25 13:25:59
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - House votes for do-not-call registry - Sep. 25, 
No I am not, the fine senator is.
Get your facts straight, like who actually says what.
 -- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-26 04:15:10
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: Slashdot | Author of Paper Critical of Microsoft is Fired (fwd) 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2003-09-26 05:21:57
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CNN.com - French card deck names 'most dangerous' U.S. leaders 
-- --
God exists because mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exist because we
can't prove it.
                          Andre Weil, in H. Eves, Mathematical Circles Adieu
      ravage at ssz.com                            jchoate at open-forge.com

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: CDR: Question re diskette data security 
But probably faster than factoring a 2048-bit modulus, no?  (of course, once you have the contents, you still might have to do that)
Not being familiar with NMR, I wonder if it would be equally effective on CD-ROM, CD-R and/or CD-RW.  CD-ROM has a solid physical geometry to it, but recordables would be less physically definite, I'd think.  Antidote to my ignoragce is welcome.

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Jim Choate 
@_subject: No subject 
Jim, are you really THIS dumb? Nobody can be this dumb and live long.
There's no person called "market", therefore it has no "interest". It's a
decision of the current resource owners - and when demand increases (as in
the case of a major disaster), they *have to* increase their prices until
the supply is equal to the demand (if they don't, the first buyers will sell
what they bought on the "black market" to those who value it more). Basic
economics, even US public schools must teach that much.
The stores might have been "depleted", but the high prices would have made
it profitable to sell food there, and someone would have done that.
Furthermore, the expectation of high prices due to an impeding disaster
would have created incentives for "hoarding" - that is, gathering as many
resources as possible, which would have attracted imports BEFORE the
disaster. Price fixing destroys any incentive for spending now in order to
profit later.
Dumb americans.
