
@_date: 1993-12-03 14:02:50
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: NSA, PGP, Cracking Keys, Recent Arrests... 
On the topic of the deduction that the NSA can now crack PGP because of an
arrest is probably faulse. It is much more likely that they were informed on
by family or a direct member of the organization. There is no way that any
crypto system can prevent defection or protect against it.

@_date: 1993-12-18 16:41:47
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Stego Help Requested... 
Hi everyone,
As some of you are aware I have been looking at stego, in particular trying
to calculate the maximum feasible message to insert in a given image. I have
determined some techniques that help predict this ratio. In the process of
testing them I got side-tracked into converting images to other format (RGB >
HSV in this case). Since these are linear but not equaly scaled there is some
range alteration in the conversion process. It appears that if a RGB image is
holding a image it converts to HSV differently and is thus easy to test for.
I am in need of some additional data and basiclly clueless where to find it.
The data falls into one of the following ways:
    > source of images in both HSV and RGB format
    > pd or shareware software that will convert mathematicaly
    > access to a video color registration set to generate the above
      database
Any help in locating any one of these would be greatly appreciated.
Have a Merry Christmas!
                                                 Ravage
                                                  Black
                                                   Leather
                                                    Monster

@_date: 1993-12-21 15:45:21
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Kid Scan (tm) 
Hi Everbody,
I was watching Beyond 2000 today and they had a episode on Kid Scan.
This technology came from Europe where it is used to id dogs and such. The
premice is to have criminals and children fited w/ a micro-chip in their
fatty tissue. This transponder would allow persons to be monitored. This
seems like a prime candidate to infringement of civil liberties.

@_date: 1993-12-22 07:55:30
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: eavesdropping detection 
One of the first things that I would look for would be a spectrum analyzer of
fairly wide bandwidth. I would then create a audio 'popper', a device which
make very precise clicks. I would set this loose in the area I wished to
sweep and then look at the spectrum analyzer for corresponding pulses of rf.
The majority of modern listening devices use a VOX circuit to save batteries
and make the bug harder to detect. If you can't find a spectrum analyzer then
go for a grid dip meter. This is a tuned circuit which has various plug-in
coils to change its frequency of detection. The problem here is sensitivity
(you will have to get close to the transmitter) and ease of use (you are
going to drag lots of coils around).
For physical phone taps from your network interface (the phone companies box
on the wall outside your building) you have to do some preliminary work. To
check for taps inside your house you need to get a Time Domain Reflectometer
and connect it to the NI and then look at your cables. You need to record
this in some manner and store it for future reference (you need to do this
each time you change phones or otherwise alter the layout). If there is a
change in the wiring the TDR signal will be significantly different. This
should even detect induction style pickups so long as they are inside the
As to the telephone switch itself, short of hacking ma bell I don't know of a
feasible way to detect them.
For spike microphones and such there are two methods of defense, easy and
hard. The easy way is to set of some kind of noise generator to mask the
sounds and do a physical search of the outside of the building w/ a linemans
induction pickup. If the mike's are using cable (not rf or you would have
found them w/ the spectrum analyzer) then you should hear the signal at some
point. The hard way (assuming they are sending the signal in some other way
other than rf or land line, say a pwm laser) is to get yourself a set of IR
goggles and check the place out.
Hope this helps....
Have a Merry Christmas

@_date: 1993-12-22 14:05:45
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: eavesdropping detection 
Yeah, you are correct that some cameras (especially the ones w/ CCD's) can
see IR. However they are not tuned to the lower end of the IR band as normal
IR goggles (at least the Russian tank driver pair that I have access to) and
it is possible to use a laser designator style setup (toward the lower IR end)
to defeat a normal video camera. As to turning the light off, unless you are
dealing with a complete incompetant they will bounce it off a window or a
spike reflector through a wall or roof. Another very good place to check for
these style bugs is in fireplaces.

@_date: 1993-12-22 15:15:40
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Kid Scan (tm) 
Thanks, I feel a little less ignorant now, I thought it was something real...
Merry Christmas

@_date: 1993-12-23 07:35:58
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: eavesdropping detection 
Hi George,
Merry Christmas to you, yours, and the CypherPunks!
Glad to meet another 'proffesional' security person. I worked for a major
university doing all kinds of physical security and access abuse for 5 years.
Was a lot of fun and got to play with all kinds of nifty stuff...:)
My favorite is the toilet roll camera made for Airports....
I would agree w/ you as far as the telephone switch tap is concerned. The
only way to find that is to get into the switch (or possibly the local police
computer through a rf link). When I had posted my original reply I had not
taken that into consideration. Since most police departments don't encrypt
(or at least not strongly) their database searches from their in-car
computers I can see a possible hole here. I really don't expect it to stay
open very long however (a year or two at best).
I know such data can be accepted by a normal pc w/ a scanner and modem. It
should not be much of a step to put a xmitter online and do some spoofing.

@_date: 1993-12-23 07:36:06
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: It had to happen... 
Assuming the arrest warrant was good not revealing the key to a duly
authorized court representative would be illegal (ie interfereing with a
police investigation). If the courts serve a warrant for your arrest and the
confiscation of data on your hard drive (and you refuse to turn the data over
even after talking w/ an attorney) is specificaly mentioned you are opening
yourself up for another whole world of legal hurt.
A citizen would have the legal right to refuse prior to talking w/ an
attorney but not after, at that point it becomes witholding evidence.
If the process is legal there should be no reason a citizen can refuse to
turn over his private keys (I don't believe self-incrimination holds here).

@_date: 1993-12-23 11:05:59
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: eavesdropping detection 
Hi Tim,
Hope you are having a good holiday...I am....:)
Anyway, I got this catalog from some security convention that I went to which
had all kinds of cameras in objects. They had them in toilet paper tubes for
Airports (after seeing this I always put my jacket over the toilet paper roll
in public restrooms....:) and clocks for Banks and semi-public areas.
Generaly they would have a fiber optic cable run a few inches to a small
vidicon type setup. There are also the ones made w/ CCD's which may or may
not have a cable to them. With the b/w cameras it is possible to digitize the
video and store it on audio cassettes (there was a toy camera a couple of
years ago which used this technology, it is still highly prised by amateur
roboticists) or even send it over a am rf link (one of the local volunteer
fire depts. uses this technology for fighting brush fires).
Any particular questions? Can't promise an answer...

@_date: 1993-12-23 20:09:46
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: It had to happen... 
Correct me if I am wrong but isn't the period 72 hrs. max without seeing a
judge or having charges filed? After that a Writ of Habeas Corpus is almost a
formality (course I ain't no lawyer so what do I know about actuality...).

@_date: 1993-12-23 20:11:08
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: anonymous video rental store 
I can state with some certainty that most libraries will not reveal their
check out records. Several years ago the FBI went around to several college
and city libraries and asked for copies so they could track 'suspicous'
people. As far as I am aware every library refused on the grounds that what a
person reads is nobodys business but their own. Apparently the FBI (and
presumably other agencies) would have to go to a judge with some kind of
probably cause and request a court order.
The engineering library at UT Austin used to have it under the glass at the
check out desk.

@_date: 1993-12-23 20:16:08
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Encryption and Self-Incrimination 
I see it fully, unfortunately it isn't the point I am trying to make. What I
am trying to ask is what happens when a officer tells a judge something like
the following,
Officer: "Your Honor, we stopped the suspect and he had cocaine and this
          computer in the car. We suspect he has drug trafficing related
          data on the drive. Our technical people have determined that the
          drive is encrypted."
Judge: "Did the accused turn over the key when requested?"
Officer: "No sir, he says that it would be self-incriminating."
Judge:   (this is the point at which I am addressing.)
Exactly what can the judge do at this point? As I understand the situation
right now there is no legal precidence that requires the suspect to turn over
the key. However, since there is clearly evidence for suspicion the court has
a responsibility to its office to gain access to that drive in any legal
means possible.  The courst is prohibited from 'forcing' the suspect to
reveal the key thanks to the 5th. So the judge (to my admittedly laymen view)
has only one thing to do, order the accused to turn the key over or go to
jail for contempt of court. Hence, the suspect goes to jail for contempt and
stays there until either the original judge decides it ain't worth further
trouble or a higher court over rules the lower court and releases you (I
wouldn't hold my breath for the latter to happen in most cases). In short you
could spend years in jail without ever actually going to trial. The end
result is the same, you spend years in jail (possibly).. In short having a
the drive crypto does only one thing and that is protect you from the
original charge (assuming all incriminating evidence exists only on the drive)
it does not in any way protect you from spending time in jail. I fail to see
how the court could do much else...So the conclusion that I come to is that
the contents of the drive would have to merit a sentence more aggregious than
a decade or two in jail.

@_date: 1993-12-24 08:16:21
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: anonymous video rental store 
Uhhhh.......the check out records of course!.......;)
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!

@_date: 1993-12-24 08:26:21
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Encryption & self-incrimination 
As far as I know the contempt of court charges can keep you in jail till you
Unless the judge recinds his order or your lawyer can get a higher court to
over-turn the order you are stuck (as far as I understand it).

@_date: 1993-12-24 08:26:34
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: anonymous video rental store - Libraries 
Probably a better first target (at least for alpha and beta tests) would be a
for a anon remailer to join Project Guttenburg. It seems to me that if it
will work for this then it should work for any similar apps.
Just a thought.
Happy Holidays...

@_date: 1993-12-24 08:36:20
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: It had to happen... 
Strange, I thought it was always 72 hrs....
I think we need a real lawyer at this point..:)
Happy Holidays.

@_date: 1993-12-24 09:36:22
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Encryption & self-incrimination 
I have heard of similar cases but usually related to newspaper reporters and
sources they refused to reveal. Course, it does make a certain amount of
sense in these cases since you have a constitutional guarantee to face your

@_date: 1993-12-24 12:06:28
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: More on Secure Drive/hacking case 
I would charge more like $90 - $120 plus get some kind of contract which
gives me residuals whenever some other agency uses the techniques or tools i
I love free enterprise....(you should give a small amount to the defendant
for his legal fees just to piss the oinkdroids off).
                                              Ravage
                                               Black
                                                Leather
                                                 Monster

@_date: 1993-12-31 15:20:50
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Hypnosis and a pass-phrase... 
Hey everyone,
Hope you are all having a great holidays...:)
On the suggestion of a post-hypnotic suggestion it is great but it won't work.
Psychologist and Psychiatrist are both very familiar with the signs of such
'tampering' and know how to get around it. Besides this won't support a
defence since it shows pre-meditation to refuse and would only fauster the
states case to use unlimited incarceration as pursuasive motivation. If they
can prove you commited some action(s) prior to a crime which directly relate
to that crime you are providing the state w/ probably cause, opportunity,
motive, and a goodly amount of circumstantial evidence. I fail to see how
shooting oneself in the foot is helpful...;)
Probably the safest thing would be to make agreements among your friends to
generate pass phrases for each other. One could then exchange public -
private key pairs in some kind of anonymouse way. Then you could say in all
honesty that you did not know it.
On the stego front,
I assume since nobody responded about my request for HSV information that we
had nobody involved w/ it. Archie couldn't find any either....:(
I was looking over some material done by Huffman years after his coding work
relating to describing graphics w/ a meta-language. His motivation was
looking at Escher prints and trying to determine a methodology to determine
if a 2D representation was a honest representation of a 3D subject. He
apparently succeded and I suspect that using such techniques you could find
images which contained information imbedded in them. I am trying to find the
material localy and will let you know what comes of it (if anything). Anybody
else take a look at this work? I suspect that some of Penrose's tiling work
might also be applicable but know nothing about except some SA articles here
and there.
This morning I got e-mail claiming some guy found a shift and add technique
for cracking RSA algorithms. Did anyon else get this? Anyone know anything
about its authenticity or reference locations? Off to Archie...
Everybody have a great party tooooonite!

@_date: 1993-11-16 10:04:13
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Image crypto info needed... 
Hi everyone,
I am looking for any references or sources of information or code dealing w/
the use of images as a means of both transmission and encryption of plain-
Specificaly, I am interested in taking the 3 byte feild for each pixel in a
.gif and replacing the lsb w/ the bits in a 'plain-text'. This in effect
converts the image to a 'cypher-text'. The only real indication of a message
is the individual pixel brightness will be altered. However, unless you have
a source of known clean images there is little way to decode the messagr
Right now we (a friend is helping work on it) are using the .gif galore CD as
our library of reference images. We eventualy hope to have a source of such
images available for all to access.
Any information or feedback would be appreciated (keep your flames to
yourself), thanks ahead of time!

@_date: 1993-11-16 13:54:13
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Image Encryption Request Filled! 
I would like to thank all of those who sent mail relating to my earlier post
requesting help finding information on graphical encryption - encoding. I
have enough information to finish the project that I am working on.

@_date: 1993-11-18 12:26:36
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: PGP keys, laptops, HoHo Con 
On the topic of HoHo Con and keys, I should have access to at least 2 laptops rrunning PGP under linux. I believe that mentor at io.com will vouch for my authenticity at least for casual casual key generation.

@_date: 1993-11-26 20:14:00
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Banning any subscriber... 
I am new to the list as well as the local Austin CypherPunks group and have
high hopes of contributing to the ongoing discussion of crypto. I have been
playing w/ PGP since it first came available and crypto in general for quiite
a few years. I was really attracted by the sence of community as well as the
reputation of the CypherPunks.
However, with the latest news that 'we' are going to start banning
individuals because they have nothing to contribute is something I personaly
cant support. If you want free speech then you have to give it. If you
personaay want to filter your mail (equivalent to changing the channel) that
is fine, but to a priori filter posts from a individual is cencorship (no
letting you discuss your subject at all). I personaly do not support such
authoritorian actions and will dis-associate myself from the CypherPunks
and will advise others not to associate either. This type of action is un-
called for and has no business on this type of communication network.
I advise all subscribers to this list to NOT support any action by any
individual or group to carry this idea into action. This is not what
CypherPunks or freedom is about.
"Those who give up essential liberty to obtain security deserve neither
liberty or security."
                                           Benjamin Franklin

@_date: 1993-11-27 07:34:16
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Banning any subscriber 
Hi again,
I want to thank everyone for their repsonce to my earlier mail. I do have
some questions however.
1. CypherPunks supports crypto so people cant tamper w/ my mail but you want
   to censor somebody at the source. How can you support this?
2. Everyone says this list is private. Nowhere has this EVER been mentioned
   in any conversation or info that I have read. The implication in all the
   posts, print articles, and talk at the local group meet led me to believe
   CypherPunks was a public forum for discussion and implimentation of crypto
   related material. Was I misunderstanding something?
3. Sine at least part of the networks and hardware the mail list is used on
   is publily funded how can you construe it as private w/o some form of
   moderator or subscriction contract?
4. The responces to L.D. about mail-bombs and posing as a AIDS lab is much
   worse and more troublesome to me than anything I have seen L.D. post. Not
   only is some of the actions proposed criminal but I fail to see how a
   group which relies on its reputation can support or condone such comments.
5. If you don't like what he says then kill the mail and forget it.

@_date: 1993-11-27 12:04:18
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Banning any subscriber 
First, I NEVER made any accusative statements that ANYONE was trying to
scarey ANYBODY with AIDS statements or otherwise. I DID say that such
statements bother me more than any statements that L.D. has made. To make
such an act against somebody because they print something you don't like, no
matter how heinous, is bigotry plain and simple. The ends do not justify the
means (in my opionion it should be never) in this case. To react this alleged
idiots posts with anything other than a simple deletion is silly and to take
active steps is insane and possible criminal.
Some people have sent me private e-mail saying he has threatened them and
other such things and that this justifies banning (and in some mail
apparently any other action). I used to work in a tech support dept. for a
computer company and a customer threatened to fly from Mi. to Austin to shoot
me and beat up the rest of the dept. because FedEx sent his package to Puerto
Rico by mistake. Does this justify me banning him from tech support? I would
say no and in reality while I am shure he broke some kind of law it ain't
worth the hassle to prove I am right (it seldom is really). I would say that
the only rational way to respond to the problem is to ignore it. Socio-paths
thrive on attention, deny it and they go where they can get it (has anyone
mentioned alt.conspiracy to this guy?)...
Now some of you are going to say that I am a newbie and should be ignored.
That is fine, but remember one thing - newbies is what an organization like
this requires to thrive. If you really want to make CypherPunks work and get
something worthwhile accomplished then please drop L.D. and this whole thread.
The peace simply isn't worth the cost to obtain it...(IMHO)
If this is truly a private list then you need to put more effort into being
clear that this is a indivudualy supported mail-list and is not officialy
associated w/ CypherPunks. I would offer the following protocol:
1. User sends mail w/ 'subscribe' in the body.
2. The mailer responds w/ a numbered header.
3. The user is requied to copy the message from  completely and to append
   'agree'.
4. The user is then added to the list.
While it is true that some of you may see this as trivial but if you really
want to keep CypherPunks an open forum and this list private (ensuring that
they are seen as seperate entities) it is critical that this is made at every

@_date: 1993-11-27 15:04:19
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Banning any subscriber 
So what you are saying is that the group which recently formed here in Austin
as the Austin chapter of the CypherPunks is in actuallity a fraud?
If this is so then I would agree w/ you that there is no 'official'
CypherPunks organization (course the existance of this list and the various
user groups make a very strong oppositional argument to this position). But,
if the local CypherPunk group is to be considered a serious entity w/ any kid
of change in effecting legislation and public sentiment (closely related
wouldn't you agree?) then some form of officialdom better be created quickly.
Even if the individual groups are to have any effect on local politics then
they have to band together and choose some commen forums and planks of
Then again, perhaps I am mis-informed about the nature of the CypherPunks. It
was my understanding they were here to help protect and guide users of
cyberspace and provide some sense of security on an individual level. The
presentation of the group in the electronic and print media has been one
which fostered a sense of uniformity and cohesion among the various groups
and individuals. I am shure I am not the only follower of the crypto scene
who is new to c-punks and a little confused (a very bad thing for newbies to
any kind of movement to be) about what is going on and why.
You seem to miss the entire point that I am making. It is not that what you
are doing is wrong or incorrect, it is simply that the reality is different
from the actuality and I am simply saying that there has been very little
effort to fix that.
The reason to bother w/ a procedure (not necessarily the one I offered) is to
make shure that eveyone is informed and knows what to expect as well as what
is expected of them. To be taken seriously this has to be done as a primary
goal. If you have no intention of 'doing' anything (writing code, writing
letters to politicians, etc.) then by all means the structure(less) you have
now is sufficient. However, there are people interested in this topic that
both expect more and want to give more. These people will be put off by such
I agree with your position on the list PROVIDED that the subscriber is told
that UP FRONT (which is not the case now). All I am saying is whatever method
you choose to handle the list is fine as long as ALL NEW SUBSCRIBERS are
advised of the situation. You can not assume that a user knows what is going
on simply because they can manage to subscribe to it. Just be fair is what I
am saying.

@_date: 1993-11-27 15:14:44
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: newsgroup v news-list 
I have been mulling over the pro's and con's of both for a group such as this
and realy I don't see it makes a great deal of difference. The problem right
now to me is staying on topic (ie crypt and politics). Neither of these
forums will provide that kind of discipline w/o some kind of moderation.
Also, I would appreciate any more comments on the distinctions between this
mail list, CypherPunks as promoted in the media, and the CypherPunks as it
realy exists. I am intrigued by the various distinctions that I have recieved
in private mail (and they span the whole gamut of views). If one thing has
become clear is that everyone disagrees about what c-punks is and how it

@_date: 1993-11-28 07:14:31
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Software filtering agents 
Actually there is no need to use neural networks. There is quite a lot of
software running around that does a statistical anaysis of two authors works
and then calculates the similarity.
You should be able to find copies in either linguistic or mathematical

@_date: 1993-11-28 09:09:34
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: newsgroup v news-list 
Why should how long I have been on the list have anything to do with what I
can contribute?
Why should I wait a month to figure it out experimentaly when I can ask a
couple of questions now, race up the learning curve, and move on to othe
more important agendas.
We are talking about limiting access to the list (for whatever reason), THAT
is cencorship.
I personaly find the idea that a person has to 'earn' the right to make a
statement on a mail-list or newsgroup as counter-free speech. I oppose your
How long have you been playing w/ computers? Maby you haven't been doing it
long enough to make posts either....

@_date: 1993-11-30 12:07:43
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Statistics of Low-Order Bits in Images 
Some other factors one needs to consider when analyzing images are:
* The lsb is going to be random if the image comes from any kind of a/d
  process. This is because all convertors have a error of +/- 1 bit.
* If an image is processed by software then the last significant bit will be
  on or off consistantly for a given color.
* By the use of exlusive-or operators it is possible to mask the data in a
  suitable manner. This does require that both sender and reciever have a
  copy or method of calculating the correct key.
The process as I understand it now to use a graphical concealment cypher is:
1. Both parties agree a priori on at least a way to generate suitable keys
   for masking.
2. You take your message and x-or it with a suitable bit stream.
3. The resultant x-or bit stream is placed in the image as the lsb.
4. Upon receipt, you strip out the x-or bit stream.
5. Generate the appropriate key and use exclusive-or to return the data
   stream.
The real question is how do you generate keys?
I see a method using the data bit stream itself as part of the answer. The
algorithm would look at some parameter like character statistics or entropy
of a text. It would look at the data stream and calculate its value. Then the
hard part is to try various bit streams and measure their x-or value. The
process is similar to Newtons Iterative Method for finding roots of

@_date: 1994-02-01 09:40:35
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
It is no more illegal (at the present time) for me to store your posting to
every usenet or inet service that I have access to on my hard-drive or a CD-
Rom for re-sale than it is for you to store my posting on your drive or print
it out to the printer.
When I got my account I did not sign any kind of agreement relating to me
retaining my rights to any material I chose to place on the net for
dissimenation to others. There IS an implied motivation to put that material
in the public domain so that others may use it for the betterment of all.
If you are serious about your view then please forward a money order for
$1000 dollars for having my original post stored on whatever medium you used
to reply to it.
There is no legal precedence at this time that would necessarily and
automaticaly copyright every entry I (or you) made, Berne not withstanding,
to inet or usenet. If that position is valid then each and every one of us is
commiting copyright infringement for storing the material on a hard drive.
When discussing copyright there is no involvment in medium of transmission
other than what the original author limits it to prior to release of that
The motivation for bringing this topic up is that it provides a perfect way
to make the commen wide-spread usage of encryption a commen and everyday
occurance. Namely, authors who wish to retain all rights should do one of two
things. They should either encrypt the file and require potential users to
contact the author or distributor for keys to unlock it or else it should be
mandator for a author to put some sort of fair-use statement in their
releases that specificly delineates what the fair-use of that material is.
Users of usenet/inet do not read minds and can't necessarily imply what the
original motivation was, this means (to me anyway) that the responsibility of
enlightening potential users falls solely on the shoulders of the author.

@_date: 1994-02-01 10:00:34
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
I have to admit that I have broken your fair use copyright notice
I have stored an image of your message in the ram on my system which is not a
part of inet or usenet nor involved in any way with the transmission to other
nodes of such stored material.
Berne works great for paper, audio recordings, movies, etc. It does not work
for networked information transmission.

@_date: 1994-02-01 10:00:36
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
when I buy a software program the copyright notice specificaly states that I
am allowed to make copies for backup purposes. Some of them notices on high-
dollar packages even tell me how many I can keep and whether I can keep them
on a network or not.

@_date: 1994-02-02 09:11:06
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Archiving on Inet 
I would like to ask all subscribers who are not addressing the issues of this
question to please move their responces to private mail. I have no interest
in exploring your personalities or views of others personalities.
If a global network is to survive there must be a commen understanding of
what is public domain and what is private or commercial. At the present time
this is completely new ground. The fact is that the copyright laws of the US
are of little interest to a net user in Moscow, Russia or Pretoria, S. Africa.
If as a cpunk you don't feel that a anonymous regulatory agency can protect
your privacy why do you feel they can protect your intellectual property? The
issue has direct bearing on both intellectual property and the wide spread
use of cryptographic techniques. As a active cpunk it seems to me that your
first motivation after producing the actual code is to creat a atmosphere
where it can be used for the betterment of all. To create a useable global
community (what I am striving for) it seems to me that entries on that
network must be public domain by default. Otherwise every country who joins,
and by reduction every potential user, will have to agree on how to
recompense each and every user who desires to be paid for their submissions.
This, to me, leads incontrovertibly to the conclusion of a beurocratic
nightmare that will not significanly assist anyone other than the regulatory
agencies. The only other answer that seems even close to working (and I
consider this a stretch of the imagination) is one where everyone is given
access for free and the governments regulate the traffic completely and pat
for it with tax dollars.
As to the issue as it applies to community bbs'es. I run such a system and am
in the process of getting it on the net. As part of this project I have 2
other systems that I will be providing feeds for. These systems are all run
by individuals who have these boxes sitting in their den. By insisting on a
priori copyright of all material it is my opinion that you are creating a
situation which will prevent the growth of such systems. Now if we don't have
regulatory agencies and the sites are indipendant (and I assume self
supporting) how can we expect some Joe or Jill to put up a system to help the
people in their neighborhood if they have to keep looking over thier
shoulders for the copyright police? The answer is they won't put up such
systems and we all loose.
By providing strong crypto tools for business and individuals to protect
their intellectual and commercial property we are creating an open door
atmosphere which motivates people to join the network for their own enjoyment
and edification. This to me is more important than keeping the present view
(as applied to non-networked environments) of copyright. It is time that we
as uses of Internet set a precedence before the legislators set one for us
that will in the long run only assist those already in power by strangthening
the need for regulatory agencies.
I strongly suggest that you all consider this idea from the global and long
term view. I think you will find that the view "information wants to be free'
is the way to go.
To this end I propose that organizations such as EFF and cpunks take the
position of a priori public domain status of network submissions. Also that
all individuals who wish to retain intellectual or commercial rights either
use strong crypto w/ e-mail distribution of keys or a change be implimented
in message headers such that sites who don't wish to carry such material can
filter it, along with this should be a requirement that any such non-
crptographicly secure material must contain a fair use policy at the
beginning of each and every document.
It is time we quite letting big brother tell us what we can do with our ideas
and how to distribute them.

@_date: 1994-02-05 07:10:14
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: how to solve this prob. 
To keep this type of service from being abused there would need to be some
kind of validation. At the very least the listproc should receive some form
of 'ok' from the user being deleted in absentia. Otherwise the list would
desolve into a morass of people unsubscribing others who annoyed them for no
other reason than agravated neurosis. In general it would do nothing but
double the load, further reducing bandwidth.

@_date: 1994-02-26 11:38:12
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Civil Rights 
Seems to me that a 'right' as is being discussed should be 'Civil Right'.
When used in this context I believe a suitable definition would be the
Civil Right
A characteristic granted to a citizen of a country which is beyond the normal
law making ability of that countries governing body. In effect it grants a
citizen the ability to make decisions and act on them without regulation or
permission being required by the government. It in effect says that there are
certain facets of an individual which are outside the normal operations of a
government and can not be regulated or otherwise controlled through
legistlative means.

@_date: 1994-02-26 11:38:23
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: FOIA's and you... 
One facet of using the FOIA legislation is that such requests will GUARANTEE
that a file is started on you even if one did not previously exist. If yo
you make FOIA requests then it behooves you to include in them at some point
(I suggest at least annualy) to make a FOIA of your own records. The reason
is that if there is a security question you will at least get a form letter
refusing to release the information which should act as a warning bell.
Just thought I would mention it since nobody else has made reference to it.

@_date: 1994-02-26 11:48:35
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: RoboFest 5 
I am including this notice to cpunks since my group (ssz.com) will be there
and among other things we will be doing crypto related presentations. We are
also looking at getting some form of virtual-community going w/ 2600 and
Ripco. If any of the cpunk related sites would like to get involved then
please contact me or the Robot Group.
RoboFest 5
March 26, 27  1994
Austin City Coliseum
Austin, TX
Robot Group:
voice: 512-794-9105
email: robot-group at cs.utexas.edu
voice: 512-458-5818
       512-832-4849
modem: 512-458-6084
  fax: 512-832-4848
email: ravage at bga.com
Note: my email address will soon also include ravage at ssz.com as well.
Note: ask for 'Jim' if you contact ssz.com or CyberTects.
We will have a T1 link available and you should also be able to use the T1
that is Ripco's feed as well. If all goes well you should also be able to use
my modem number assuming bga.com gets my SLIP feeds straightened out (not
there fault, GE is dragging and Ma Bell is ladding insalling the new lines).
If you don't have any interest in this event or feel it is irrelevant please
don't waste bandwidth, your time, or my time by replying. Please ignore it
and don't respond in any manner.

@_date: 1994-02-28 07:29:02
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Civil Rights 
The problem I see with your comments, in particular in reference to the
source of the rights I mentioned, is the original contact that defines the
government. In your reply you used references to both of the documents that
define and establish our government, these documents are what define the
rights of the individual, not the legistlative body who makes laws ex post
facto. In short, the rights are granted when the government is created and
not later, unless of course the original documents define a method of change
through some process. The rights have to be granted, or defined in some
manner, before any laws can be enacted by any legislative body.
The whole idea of the Declaration of Indipendance and the Constitution is
that there are some facets of an individual which they have simply by
existing. These characteristics are beyond the normal law-making powers of
that body. In short it is the realization that individuals have certain
characterisitics which are damaging to any form of government if they are
allowed to be regulated in any manner by that government. No matter how
heinous, uncomfortable, or silly these actions may be. The only caveat which
might be applied to such rights would be that they harm a person or their
property w/o the owners prior consent. Without this there is no basis for
government in the first place. It simply breaks down to who is bigger and
willing to use more force to get what they want and hopefully can keep it
when the next 'billy bad-ass' comes along (in short this is anarchy, pure -
plain - and simple). There is no place for any form of anarchy in any form of
human organization. There is a place for non-structured interaction, but
calling that 'anarchy' besmurches all of our intelligences.
In our specific case our founding charters (I feel to talk about the
Declaration of Indipendance or the Constitution w/o mentioning the other is a
slight of hand and a  civil disservice) make it plain that we should be able
to make any public statement no matter how unpopular w/o regards to any form
of legal ramifications from the governing body. All our other rights stem
from this single idea. As to anonymouse statements, the founding fathers used
the pen name 'Publius' in several of their writing, it has a long and
respected history in our country and should be fully supported. The bottem
line being people should be able to say whatever they please and it is not
any government regulatory agencies business in any manner, shape, or form. If
people feel that they want to use crypto then so they shall, in any form they
choose. The people of the US are guaranteed by general consent (ie you keep
your citizenship) to abide by these rules of action because while they may
cause short-term discomfort they provide long-term security.
Our charter provides a means to alter it in a reasoned and controlled manner
where the citizens must decide themselves, the Constitutional Amendment.
Nowhere in our charters are the government given the power regulate drug use,
crypto, sexual service sales, etc. w/o asking us first. For them to have such
powers they MUST have an amendment added. The last time the US government
acted legally in such manners was concerning the prohibition and right to
vote amendments. The present laws that control many of our actions are un-
constitutional becuase there is no amendment giving the legistlative powers
that be the right to control them in the first place. An added protection was
the 9th Amendment which says that if the right is not specificaly listed then
it belongs to us to do with as we please, and not the governing body. At no
place in the charters does it provide a means or method to bypass this, and
with good cause I believe. Personaly, I believe that this whole mess started
during WWII because of the need to act as a cohesive whole against a commen
threat, that situation no longer exists and really is not even probable.
The government belongs to us, we don't have to ask their permission for a
damn thing. We do tell them what we want and basicly how to go about doing it.
We dont owe them one penny in tithe, they owe us.

@_date: 1994-01-03 10:48:57
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Help, I am moving... 
Would somebody please e-mail me the addresses and proceedures that I need to
follow to unscubscribe this account and move to another account now and
finaly my own internet machine in about 3 weeks. I realize this has been put
out before but for some reason I never thought about saving them...(duh).
Thanks for the help.

@_date: 1994-01-04 11:24:31
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Slack area behind files 
I suspect that the random number characteristics for good compression would
be nearly identical to those of cryptography. After all a  compression
algorithm is a form of ecryption.
Just a thought...

@_date: 1994-01-06 11:44:34
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: cryptopolitics: 
That is one way to look at it, I personaly prefer,
Any sufficiently advanced government is indistinguishable from a

@_date: 1994-01-22 21:46:28
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
Hi Folks,
I am bringing up a inet node in my house in the near future (would have been
this week but software bugs were discovered) and over the next year I am
going to add a r/w CD (Tahiti to be specific). This drive holds either ISO-
9660 or 1G formats. The plan at this point is to archive the usenet
newsgroups (all 4k+ of them) and then once a year make like 500 regular CD
copies and resell them. I am looking at adding mail-lists of general or
unique intererst, because of this I am strongly looking at adding the
cypherpunks list.
I would be interested in a discussion on the mail-list on this issue. Please
refrain from sending personal mail. In particular do you think such a archive
without every members permission is un-ethical? Would a archivist necessarily
need the permission of the mail-list sponser?
Thanks for any opinions or insight.

@_date: 1994-01-23 12:08:27
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
My class C slip feed costs $300 to setup and thereafter is $75/month.
Individual accounts are $75/yr. This is the same fee schedule that I will be
charging those who would like accounts on ssz.com (my system).
If a person distributes a copyrighted material over a world wide distribution
network like internet and doesn't ask for notification of archiving or some
form of fair use fee I doubt any claims they would have will stand up in
court. I am not trying to make money off this venture and I am not making
money in particular from their specific work so they would have a hard time
maing a case of theft of services or plageriasm (I am making no claimi that
it belongs to me). Besides libraries routinely make backups of material for
educational use, I had planned on doing the same.
Since I am an individual (who some would claim to being amoral at best) I
plan on at least attempting a full archive of every public access byte that
comes into ssz.com over a one year period. Because of costs constraints I may
change to tape but don't see this as a real eventuality. My system sells
access to internet and we do not alter or monitor any material that comes
over it. While I would assisst any law enforcement agency who feels that a
illegality has been committed I doubt strongly that a case could be made
against me personaly (without also starting prosecution against the other
.com sites out there w/ similar policies - bga.com and ripco.com come to mind
immediatly). This would be similar to suing Ma Bell because a pedophile used
the phone to transmit graphics.
I already have access to a satellite link, but thanks for the suggestion.
Seems to me that if a person places a post on a public access newsgroup
withoug a copyright it automaticaly becomes public domain and they loose all
commercial rights to it. I would be interested in a public discussion of thsi
point and will move over to the newsgroup you mentioned.
I was aware of the Canadian project, there is obviously room for more such
Thanks for your input.

@_date: 1994-01-24 09:42:06
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
I want to thank everyone for their input on this topic, very enlightening...
Seems to me that if a work is by simply being created has a copyright on it
then every inet provider who stores material a hard drive could be prosecuted
for copyright infringement.
There has been some question raised as to why this is important to cpunks, it
goes like this. If we are going to creat a workable system then some form of
release has to be done so that work that goes over inet is public unless
explicity noted as copyrighted and must include a fair use statement OR it
must be in a form that prohibits casual access. What this last point means to
me is that if it is copyrighted it should be encrypted. This encryptred file
would have a address and public key attacked. To unlock the file you would
contact the author and fulfill their requirements for fair use (ie pay money
for a book). The author would then send a private key to the user who coul
then unlock the file and use it. Anyone who had possession of a unlocked file
without a private key and being on the authors list of authorized users would
be committing a clear case of theft. Anyone who gave a third party a valid
private key would be committing conspiracy.
At this point I expect my home node to come online in a couple of weeks (we
may have finaly solved the bugs that kept us down) and should start allowing
public access a week or so after that. Each user who calls my system will
need agree to a statement of something like the following:
I, (username), agree that any material which I create on this system or one
of its satellite systems is public domain. I also agree that this statement
is binding to my physical person and not to a particular handle or name that
I may choose to use or change. I further agree that any material of
commercial or of a copyrighted nature MUST contain a fair use policy that
prohibits ONLY commercial use AND will contain a real address by which any
person may contact me for further interaction. I further agree that any file
which is of a commercial or copyrighted nature and does not fulfill the above
conditions MUST be encrypted and contain in plain-text a address whereby a
person may contact me for access the un-encrypted material. I further agree
that as long a the file is encrypted OR contains a fair use statement I wiwll
not bring any legal proceeding against ANY provider or user in Internet or
other electronic system this material may be transfered to for storage.
Does anyone see any problems with such a proviso?

@_date: 1994-01-24 10:06:39
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: subpoenas of personal papers 
I really doubt that a judge would accept the argument that a private key was
a statement. Their position is going to be that it is a physical entity
identical with (from the legal perspective) a personal diary. They could also
take the positiont that the key is a part of a process whereby they gain
access to your papers and hence cant be incriminating in and of itself. If
this is the position they take then the 5th does no good. If it can be showsn
that the complete range of answers to a question can't be incriminating then
you are the same creek.

@_date: 1994-01-25 13:06:53
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Randomness and context 
To talk about the randomness of a bit stream without keeping in mind the
context of that stream will lead one to make assumptions that simply are not
An example is probably best. Consider I work as a musician and record my work
on a floppy disk. In the context of a musician that data is highly non-random.
However, if I then take it and put in a airplanes inertial navigation
computer the lord only knows what the computer will do. From the pespective
of the aircraft the data is random and senseless.
Another example you can do at home is to take a computer CD and play it in
your audio deck. If you measure the resultant you will find a musicly random
stream of noise coming from your deck. The same can be had if you try to
'run' a music CD as a program.
GIGO is not absolute but rather relative to the context of the data and the
milieu that it was created and interpreted in.

@_date: 1994-01-28 12:48:02
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: Digital Cash.... 
Has anyone looked at basing digi-cash on the processing power required to
handle it?
In other words, instead of basing it on real cash directly or simply setting
up a 'flat' standard (is there an accepted technical term for this?) base it
on the MIPS that are required to process it in a given time (say 1mS)? Seems
to me that this would provide a standard that was universal and verifiable by
any organization that chose to spend the effort to do it. It would also add
another layer of isolation (since the only person (sic) involved w/ real cash
is going to the be processing sight paying their electric bill).

@_date: 1994-03-01 06:46:13
@_author: Jim choate 
@_subject: standard for steganography? 
I have played w/ stego some and w/ the present resolutions of images I dont
find the images have enough complexity to really hide a message of a useable
length, unless you break it up into several images.
I use a function to measure the complexity of a image based on adjacent bit
changes. The more complex an image the more bit changes. I measure it thus:
# of adjacent bit changes in image/ # of bits in image = complexity
if the complexity is too low or too high (this is counter intuitive) then you
can't hide a message. Consider an image w/ only a few bit flippings, any
message that is inserted will cause the visual image to be distorted in a
noticable way (unless it is truely expressionistic). Now consider a image w/
every other bit flipped (maximum complexity) which is in effect a
checkerboard. Any bits that get flipped change the pattern to a less complex
one (ie the checkerboard is broken up). Also you have to consider the effects
on edges and the standard deviation inherant in using anti-aliasing. This
will cause bits on the edge to be switched incorrectly for the algorith in
use. Since it is a trivial problem to measure the sd for various graphics
packages this makes a nifty test bed for finding imbedding images. Blank or
mono-chromatic areas also show the same type of errors.
I am still working on it and hope to find an error in there somewhere but so
far no go.
