
@_date: 1997-08-06 15:32:31
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: distributed data store, a la eternity 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 14 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-08-06 16:23:42
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: spam-- a technological solution/proposal 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 14 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-07-18 16:38:02
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: "Time to Walk the Walk down the Gang Plank" 
[regarding TC May's comment that it still wasn't practical to live off
of exclusively offshore investment income tax-free, and that advocates
of offshore banking did not even claim it was, but that it might be in
10 years.]
What exactly makes it impractical to live off of the investment income
from off-shore investments exclusively?  I'm kind of broke right now, but
I was assuming that the combination of a set of offshore accounts
and an offshore visa card used to pay for practically everything, as
well as perhaps smuggled in cash and gold/etc. which could be sold outside
of reported channels would be enough to allow you to pay untracededly
for almost everything.  Then, if you did not have a primary residence
in the United States, but rather spent life living in a college dorm
(which is unlikely to flag anything at the IRS, being part of a bill which
is routinely paid by third parties, often from outside of the US), on a
boat registered outside of the US, or visiting places around the country
and world, plus had some plausible way of hiding this extra income of
yours, you could get by reporting only an abusrdly low amount of income
from a part time job or something, and no one would be the wiser.
Then, as your income/assets grew, you could continue to dump money from
off-the-record sources into an offshore account, continue to use the
offshore account for real and untraced purchases, and continue to draw
your small salary to show that you are paying taxes and are just poor.
Then, graduate from university and live the rest of your life vacationing
around the world, or skip the first step if you're smart. (From what I
know of IRS auditing procedures, they'd be remarkably more apt to find
out if someone with a real income's income suddenly fell to $4k/year and
stayed there from $100k+/year with no explanation given than if mine went
from -$30k a year to -$26k/year, so starting when you're broke might be
a decent plan.)
Are there any major obvious holes in this plan?  Now all I need is to
do some useful, crypto-anarchist work and be
paid under the table, perhaps taking a month or two vacation to Antigua or someplace in the process.
Ryan Lackey
rdl at MIT.EDU

@_date: 1997-07-18 18:31:18
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: mondex 
So, it appears (at least to me and many others) that Mondex is the most likely to succeed of all the serious electronic cash systems currently
publically announced.  I think I like some parts of their architecture,
but to a great extent they seem to be completely at odds with the
"free money" goals I have for electronic cash -- they're totally owned
by the banking industry, willing to give up a great deal of privacy and
anonymity in the name of preventing money laundering, and they appear
committed to supporting only current national currencies, rather than
allowing corporate scrip from either existing large companies (I trust
at&t more than most governments) or organizations which buy a bunch of
gold, charge minimal overhead, and issue currency totally backed by
their assets.  I'd be somewhat annoyed if the big electronic cash system
only moved current statist cash into the electronic realm.
Does anyone know how open the Mondex architecture is?  Is it in any way
possible to set up a competing system with your own card manufacture
and issuing bodies for currencies which can be used in deployed Mondex
POS terminals without too much hassle?  Would this be analagous to the
problem of replacing InterNIC with other NICs -- you need to make the
user servers know to look at the rival systems and understand their It would be kind of impressive in a way if Mondex were lame about allowing other currencies to proliferate free of state influences, yet
managed to get the basic technology employed around the world, then some
cypherpunkish group came up with their own cards, a little bit of
software, etc. and then issued currency with more behind it than Mondex
franchisees, had higher profits than Mondex, and then were to be the
only currencies anyone would trust after the collapse of a few state-backed
currencies.  Also, I'd trust the cypherpunkish crowd to do a better job
of hardware and software design for the cards and system, so they're
likely to be more secure in that fashion as well.
Am I being utterly out of touch with reality, or only tangential to it?
Ryan Lackey
rdl at mit.edu

@_date: 1997-07-20 22:00:38
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Cypherpunk U 
I think any of the schools which have been mentioned are great for
undergrad.  After being at MIT for a while (and now being eited
by financial reasons, hopefully to be resolved before fall...), I
learned to really appreciate the research programs offered by
some universities to undergrads -- MIT has a really good program
in that area, I'm not sure about the others.  I think if there were
one thing which I used to pick an undergrad school again, it would be
the potential to get involved in faculty research.  At MIT, the
media lab does a fair amount of applied cryptology, and there is
of course the theoretical computing lab which does a lot of
application and theory.
It's not that hard to get in, either.  After all, I got in.  There are
a few useful tricks for your application -- email me if you'd like help.
One of the big annoying parts of going to MIT is that firearms are
banned from college campuses (except at ranges) in the state.  Sigh.
Ryan Lackey
rdl at mit.edu						3 Ames St
					Cambridge, MA 02142

@_date: 1997-07-21 23:02:15
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: geodesic -- FPGAs 
FPGAs lack in dynamic reconfigurability.  However, a friend of mine from
the institute (now graduated and off in california) developed a bloody-fast
reprogrammable chip (I think it can be arbitrarily reprogrammed in a clock
cycle or so).  Needless to say, this is a really wonderful toy -- they
seem to want to use them for "communications processors", like modem
control chips and stuff, but I can think of many more uses for them.  I
think they're talking about being able to ship them in a couple years --
I know I'm going to try to use whatever influence I have to get at least
a development kit.  Think about the potential for iteratively-improved
static designs, if not for truly dynamic designs. (there is some cs
theory in the area of real-time reconfigurable processors, but it's
hard, not all that well explored)  As well, you could always use something
like this in a traditional massively-parallel codebreaking device, perhaps
stepping through keys in silicon rather than in memory.
Very cool toys.  I want one.

@_date: 1997-07-24 00:26:18
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: IRS sending warning notes, violating ECPA? 
(I think Tim is doing a lot more for the cypherpunks cause by not being
in jail than he would being locked up in jail pending trial for 5 months..
but that's not really an issue anyway -- one's life is one's own, do as thou
wilt and all)
Something which I think would be more interesting would be if someone set up
a fairly aggressive legal fund and technical assay organization to use
the civil courts to try to challenge silly crypto laws, using some of the
proceeds from evaluating and certifying vendor security products.  Something
like a "contribute $1 by electronic cash system of your choice" to a variety
of "charities" (things where you gain some tangible benefit by their success,
like the repeal of crypto export legislation, etc.) -- perhaps some kind of
silly web server which collected deposits, automatically did the paperwork
for tax purposes, forwarded money to the organizations, etc., either anonymously or not.
Perhaps this is a bad example, but I think there are a lot more things people
could do outside of jail than in it.  It might be stylish to have a martyr
locked up in jail who we could all invoke at random times, but I'd much prefer to actually win.  'Cypherpunks write code' is nicer than 'Cypherpunks
get locked up in jail for doing not so creative things, rather than having
others do them, and not even doing them terribly effaciously'.
I think I'll go back to setting up my little os9 network and toying with
novel security concepts (twas a good suggestion, whoever mentioned it here.
i'd always ignored os9...it turns out it's quite a fun toy, and a useful
building block).

@_date: 1997-11-16 22:48:12
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: trusting untrusted platforms 
I'm working on a paper, it's one of the technical hurdles on the way
to my Eternity DDS eternity service implementation.
Anyone know anything very relevant to this?  I've mostly just started on
the research (my current exciting project has been Linux Fibre Channel and
making a bloody fast, yet maybe secure, yet small cipher for an on board
processor), and pointers would be useful.  It isn't as hard a problem as
I first thought, though.  This seems like the kind of thing everyone's favorite
judge-threatening tree-hugger-nose-mac-10-inserting gun-hoarding
old-man-on-the-mountain would have done N years ago :) [flames, fan.  gasoline. rdx...] so I'd rather not reinvent the wheel more than once or twice.
Ryan (getting dangerously close to having a working Eternity DDS demo,
and wondering if FC98 will be on mbone, particularly the solar eclipse, since
even if he had the money to go, it's in the middle of next semester, and disappearing for a week would kind of be difficult, although not at all
impossible of someone wants to pay for me to go...ahh, but there's always
next year)

@_date: 1997-11-19 00:26:33
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: mailing list archive 
My hard disk now contains an archive of all the messages (I hope...there
are 90k of them) posted on cypherpunks, since the beginning.  It's
CD-ROM sized; I'm building a glimpse index of them right now and will put
them up on the web (tentatively somewhere on  soon.  I'll also be happy to copy them onto particular media (tape, cd, etc.) if I have access to the drive, for cost + a meager amount to make it worth the
effort.  I think getting list archives distributed to as many people as
possible would be a good thing -- hopefully a recursive auction market will
start and people will leave me alone after a while.
I'm doing this because there isn't a decent searchable index anywhere
that I've found, and it would be a nice thing to have, and I don't think
the time is too far off when people will try to eliminate the list.  I've
been using the archive of cpunks as my test data set in writing Eternity
DDS -- I thought it was vaguely poetic, in a way.

@_date: 1997-11-19 02:38:02
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: mailing list archive 
Doh -- I thought my dataset included everything, but it instead just
covers every article I can think of between:
and the present.  I'm also feeling tempted to incorporate the archives of
some of the offshoot mailing lists, like coderpunks, etc.  Does anyone know of a good source for the messages before that one?  How
many were there, approximately?  If there are a bunch of them and you can
merge them with mine, I'll be happy to send you a cd of the result.
If enough people want to buy CDs of the data, I'll set up an order page,
establish pricing, etc.  Right now, for me to make a CD requires buying
media and doing it at the media lab, unless I buy a drive, so the cost
is somewhat dependent upon how many people are interested.  If someone wants
to use corporate or government money to overpay for a cd so I can buy
a cd-r writer and make it cheaper for everyone else, I'll think fondly of
whatever organization you represent :)  Utterly ignoring the copyright issues in the interest of getting wide
dispersal, especially since it's unlikely anyone cares since no one will
get rich selling cypherpunks cd-roms,
(the last time I wished for something in parenthetical postscript it worked.
Wish granting service, will you please make the people of the world clueful enough to replace governmental/military force with cryptography?  Or
convince one of my professors that they should sign a blank thesis?)

@_date: 1997-11-19 03:00:41
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: technical issues of the list 
I have everything but the first 8 months or so of traffic in the process
of going up on the web soon. (Stupid deadline appeared which put this off
for a few hours).  If the first 8 months were in someplace I could find
them, then there would be a nice complete archive no longer simmering, but
up on the web, ready for people to mirror.  Dr. Dobbs' Journal sells
a Cryptography CD-ROM with AC v 2, etc. on it for $99, and combined with
a Cypherpunks CD-ROM containing list archives of cypherpunks, coderpunks,
cryptography at c2.org, and maybe some other stuff for $50 or so, there would
be 2-cd solution.
I'm pretty sure all 5 years fit on one cd-rom -- I've been using 4 years
as an eternity dds dataset, along with some other stuff, and I think it is
less than 500mb, although one of the problems with my current eternity
file system under linux is that there is no way of telling how big a
directory is (yay VFS kludges).

@_date: 1997-11-19 20:09:36
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Ryan's eternity DDS (Re: technical issues of the list) 
I've mostly just used postgres, a db, for doing database stuff, and kludged
together a disgusting collection of kernel patches and usermode processes to
make data appear as a directory structure in a modified version of the
ext2fs (actually, most if it is in the VFS level as it should be, but I didn't
know enough about it when I started to cleanly separate the two.  Oh well).
It's not distributed, it's not reliable, it's not secure.  It's just me how to play with virtual file systems.  And unfortunately most of the code is stolen from commercial/proprietary software, so I can't really release it.
My current Eternity DDS plan is to have a linux file system and an http
interface to the data store up in the first incarnation.  I'm at the stage
of playing with technology for the interface layer, and having a vaguely
workable plan for inter-server communication.  Once I have something which
can be demonstrated, I'll post an announcement to the technical people who
would be interested.
I've entered the Eternity DDS idea into a MIT-sponsored new business
competition, etc.
My current Eternity homepage is at  although
it's rather sparse.

@_date: 1998-02-09 13:29:38
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Soft Tempest 
Anyone interested in working on this for linux?  It should be fairly
trivial to modify the linux console drivers, disk driver, and possibly
keyboard driver to take these changes into account.  At the same time,
it might be nice to add the permanence counters for RAM and magnetic
I'm a bit busy until at least after FC '98, or I'd do it myself.  One
of my goals is to keep my laptop as secure as possible, and that's
an application where TEMPEST shielding is rather prohibitive.

@_date: 1998-02-09 15:22:52
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Soft Tempest 
I think it is more difficult to have a lightweight, portable, non-maintenance
intensive solution for tempest protecting a portable than for a big
desktop box.
A desktop box doesn't care how much it weighs.  It can even be put inside
a TEMPEST rack (I saw someone selling these at a convention once; I wanted
one, but didn't have any way to to ship it back to Boston.  Sigh), or just
TEMPEST protect the entire room.
One of the problems with TEMPEST protection is that the gaskets/etc. get
worn.  Or some stupid fsck paints the exposed copper in the doorway.  Or
whatever.  I don't think requiring that the thing be portable, lightweight,
etc. is going to make it any less likely to be damaged.  If the TEMPEST
protection is damaged, it's not as if a warning LED will come on -- TEMPEST
monitoring equipment is *way* too heavy to build into a laptop, so it will
fail silently.
Certainly the traces are shorter, there are no big antennas (read: cables)
connecting parts, etc.  The power levels are power.  There aren't any
power cords if you're on battery.
However, a lot of them have plastic cases and generally piss-poor shielding
of any kind, too.
According to the Anderson paper, certain kinds of LCD-TFT have *easier to monitor* emissions than monitors.  I have no idea which is the case, but
I'm willing to err on the side of paranoia.  I should scrounge up some TEMPEST monitoring equipment around MIT somewhere and test it, though.
It's an integrated component, no keyboard wire, so it's much less likely
to lose.
You need to worry about the mesh bag corrding/breaking/etc.  But yeah, this
is a decent technique.  I wonder how small the mesh has to be to attenuate
30-40db of signal in the relevant frequencies, and if that makes it hard to
see/type through.  I should figure out what frequencies are involved.
The paper pretty clearly says laptop LCDs are not sufficiently quiet.  Until
I read this, I was under the impression they were; perhaps passive matrix
screens are and active are not. (actually, I can totally understand that
wrt the pulse modulation not present in modern crts)
I used to work in the MIT Media Lab's wearables project -- we used
this kind of approach.  Something called a "twiddler" chording keyboard (unshielded; my advisor fled the country before I could get a shielded one
set up), attached to a "private eye" monocular display; some odd resolution,
again unshielded.  Attached to a standard portable PC, a belt mounted
PC, or whatever.
I was going to put together a TEMPEST resistant wearable at some point.  In
addition, a mesh cloak; we'd been doing some privacy stuff, and discovered
that there were penetrating cameras in use by some surveilance companies/etc.
for anti-shoplifting/etc. -- it would be nice to shield against them.  It
never happened, oh well.
I had a real bitch of a time finding open source TEMPEST information, which
is part of why the idea was back-burnered.  I think there is a concerted
effort on the part of the government to prevent open source discussion of
the topic, through manipulation of research money, etc.  Most of my information was general purpose EE stuff and some EMP-shielding information,
so perhaps I'm inclined to overkill (when dealing with EMP, you have to worry
about 3 second duration *changes* in the field, so your faraday cage needs to
be of uniform materials, joints need to be the same as the material, etc.  In the absence of material to suggest otherwise, I think the same criteria
apply to serious TEMPEST shielding, in the 85db+ range.  There is some speculation that the SECRET TEMPEST specs are not sufficient to resist
some modern SIGINT technology, and that there exist unknown standards for
real protection for some applications.  Perhaps this is unjustified paranoia).
Even a passive component has a resonant frequency; if you're attacking, you
may know it and can take advantage of this (hinted at in the paper).  I
don't think the palmtop being low power necessarily makes it immune, although
I'd bet it's a bit better off than a laptop.
I think the real solution is just what Ross said -- software + hardware.
With the right font and X server frobbery, you can get *better* net
image/text quality with TEMPEST protection and anti-aliasing than with neither.
And it's a great safety net in case your hardware protection is compromised.
Once the current project which by now is becoming rather tired of being
brought up in passing rather than in a real comprehensive form is on its
way, I'm going to look at the TEMPEST wearable, maybe with a verified
cryptographic hardware implementation for the important stuff.
An interim solution of a nice greyscale antialiased font in a java window
serving as a console, even if only for things like the pgp xterm, would
be a nice interim solution.  Especially since it should only take a few
hours to do, if someone has some font manipulation tools.
I was originally thinking of modifying the text mode console drivers, but
they use DOS text mode, which can't deal with greyscale.  The solution
is to use SVGAlib, GGI, or an X application.  A really cool solution
would be to make the X server itself do this to everything on the screen.
XFree86 is way too nasty a codebase for me to modify in my spare time, though.
I think Linux-GGI is the proper way to do it.

@_date: 1998-02-09 15:44:54
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Laptop TEMPEST 
FCC RF/EMC testing is well nigh useless for TEMPEST protection.
Compliance engineering firms have some equipment which might be useful
for TEMPEST experimentation, but the actual specs for Class B (Class A
is basically anything that won't kill you) are pretty worthless for
this application.
I imagine there may be some other "dual use" technologies through for
testing TEMPEST equipment.  Perhaps some medical equipment has stringent
stray emanation specs?
I believe the equipment you'd really want is the real "TS" (technical
surveillance) gear, which is 1) not available on the open market and 2)
expensive.  The paper seems to have involved an AM radio and an obsolete
piece of British TS kit; van Eck used a modified TV.  Any HAM could
probably build a suitable receiver, the real problem is knowing how much
attenuation is necessary to defeat the real TS gear.  This is why I am
fundamentally impressed by the obfuscation techniques from the paper, rather
than just straight shielding.

@_date: 1998-02-11 09:22:21
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: TEMPEST open-source definition version 0.1alpha 
So, if we're going to try to protect computers from TEMPEST threats, and we
don't have access to the multiple government classified standards, we should
come up with the Cypherpunks TEMPEST standard.
A theoretical definition of what we want to do (strong) is that we should be
able to put the equipment in a virtual box, have an empty virtual box,
and then nothing anything which is not in the TCB can do can distinguish
one box from the other.  Perhaps the "empty" box should also contain
simulators for the ethernet, visible light output, and straight power
draw (harmonics are still to be avoided), or in some other definitional
way they should be accounted for.  This prevents non-TCB programs from
utilizing the EM spectrum as a covert channel.
Additionally, we need to protect the user from divulging state information
about his TCB.  I guess this condition can best be met by simply saying
"take the target system and clone its state perfectly.  Separate the two
systems.  Allow the user to modify the state of the target system while you
retain the clone -- you do not have a non-negiligible improvement in
matching future state using the EM emissions of the first system over
not using the EM emissions."  I think there is a better way of stating
this, though.
So, given a workable theoretical definition which defines perfection, it's
time to reverse engineer the practical TEMPEST systems (and in so doing
perhaps the classified TEMPEST spec) out there.  Next time I find a
TEMPEST case at swapfest, or at a con, I'll pick it up (if someone wants to
ship me one, so much the better).  You *can* buy them from some vendors,
although they often refuse to sell them to non-government affiliated entities).
MIT's quasi-affiliated Draper Labs has proper TEMPEST verification equipment,
and I think some places on MIT's campus have some general purpose equipment
which can be used for such purposes.  If not, I have a copy of NI LabView
and some DAQ hardware which, coupled with some antenna frobbery, can be
used to do a quick spectrum analyzer, and there's the capacity to do
some serious analysis once the data are on the computer.
It would be nice to know how good government TEMPEST systems really are.
In practice, matching them would probably be enough.  The above theoretical
definition doesn't really help that much -- in practice, there's going to be
some information coming out, and just because you can't figure out how to use
it, doesn't mean no one can.  I think preventing the covert channel attack
might actually go beyond the government's TEMPEST spec -- certainly if a
non-TCB program can cause a system reboot, or power up a peripheral, you
can detect the change in power draw, unless the system naturally throws away
the difference between its max power consumption and its present power consumption all the time.  Being able to telegraph even 1 bit of information
might be enough, and if you've got an arbitrary precision clock, you could
use this method to send an arbitrary codeword from an arbitrary-length codebook given an arbitrary time interval.
The rainbow books talked about covert channel elimination being a really
hard problem.  Now I see even more why they were right.  IIRC, it's only
at the not-really-commercially-available levels (A1) that covert channels
are utterly eliminated; usually they are comfortable just documenting them.
Of course, it would probably make a lot of sense to do TEMPEST reverse engineering in a country that has neither an OSA nor the ability to randomly
classify research.  Yet another project for cypherpunks.to, Lucky?
A practical way of approaching theoretical TEMPEST-perfection is just
a decent faraday cage with a lead-glass monitor cover, shielded or
eliminated cables, and a serious double-conversion UPS.  From the government
TEMPEST products I've seen, that's all they are (or they use mesh).  I've
mainly seen thinks like the SafeKeyper, not general purpose computers, though.
I don't think Jim was that far off the mark in thinking class B machines
are a worthwhile starting point, but it doesn't go anywhere near far enough.
ObCrypto: I've been looking at implementing a cipher in a reconfigurable
processor.  I might even customize one.  Yay.
ObGuns: I got to use a .22cal nail gun.  It was fun.
ObPersonalAttacks: There are a lot of people who are not Real US Citizens
on this list.  Beware the evil multinationalist conspiacy in our midst, good
followers of Bill Clinton!
ObQuestion: Can the US government deny a passport for no reason to a random
US citizen who is not a felon?

@_date: 1998-02-11 14:26:18
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: TEMPEST open-source definition version 0.1alpha (fwd) 
No, I am certain they're TEMPEST cases; they're government security vendors,
with names that include the word TEMPEST or Security or whatever, and their
prices are huge.  And when I said "I'd like to pay COD", they said "we only
accept government purchase forms."  I have a plain NEMA 19" rack with power
and fans, it's quite different.
Black Unicorn's post about the demise of cash is particularly true when dealing
with vendors who want government POs :)
The people at hacking cons who are selling TEMPEST cases are selling what
I believe are the real thing acquired through a variety of methods, some
legal, others perhaps not.  Usually they contain crufty old PCs, but one
guy had some really nice fully-enclosed TEMPEST-compliant racks.  They had
serious power filters at the bottom, massive fans, and shielded fan i/o.
They were basically free (a few hundred dollars), but I couldn't motor freight
them from the location to my home, since I didn't have anything but cash at
the time.
ObNonCrypto: Waiting until 10 days before fc98 to buy airline tickets when
the cheap fare expired an hour ago was SO SO SO stupid.  Like taking 4 c-notes
and lighting them on fire.  Oh well.

@_date: 1998-01-02 02:58:42
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Guns: H&K, G3, 7.62 v 5.56 [Guns] 
Tim May  continues the sniping discussion:
In a rich target environment where you're firing from concealment, I think it is better to have a semiauto 7.62mmN rifle such as an accurized  HK91 or a national match M1A, assuming the enemy has snipers or long-range antisniper
weaponry.  Why?
1) It is likely to be a target rich environment.  USMC sniper doctrine is
mainly single target single kill attacks from outside 600 yards.  Former
Soviet and US Army snipers mainly engaged multiple targets inside that
range for tactical support.  Defending against a raid is primarily
tactical support sniping, killing the vice president of a country other than
the US is primarily USMC style scout/sniping.
Thus, in defending against a raid, Soviet-style weapons are probably better.
7.62x54R Dra----v rifles are probably a good model -- iirc (I've never
fired one), they're semi auto bullpups.  [eeek,  is selling them
with bayonets!  tactical close range sniping, aye!].  Or the SEAL sniper
weapon -- an accurized M14, which is basically an M1A.  With a good scope
and better trigger, an M14/M1A can be 1 MOA, and it's a real battle rifle,
with the ability to engage multiple targets quickly due to the semi-auto
Also, when you're operating without a spotter/security man, it's nice to
have the ability to quickly kill anyone in close.  With an M1A, you just move
from your concealment, kill, and return, wasting a minimum of time.  I guess
in a home you could just keep an AR-15 next to you for such close-in dealings,
2) In my (somewhat limited) experience, many field-improvised concealment
locations are great during firing, but when you move to cycle the action
on a bolt action rifle, you make the concealment shake or otherwise reveal
yourself.  Against a force with sniper/antisniper weaponry, that will likely
bring down a hail of fire, which is suboptimal at best.  USMC snipers generally
solve this by firing once and leaving, since it's confusing and hard to
localize on a single gunshot, but in a target rich environment, you might
not be able to move.  And they may have you surrounded, so it's hard
to move without being seen.
3) A semi-auto is generally more useful for non-sniping tasks.  I can barely
carry an M1A, spare ammo, supplies, etc. for a couple days without being
annoyed at the weight -- I sure wouldn't want to add a SMG or assault carbine
to that.  I would not have a problem with using a battle rifle/sniper rifle
against a force armed with assault carbines and SMGs, though.
True, this may be less of an issue inside a house, since you could just leave
all your supplies cached throughout.  I still thing you need to remain concealed and hopefully in cover, and if they bring heavy weapons to bear,
you are going to have to move around the house, at least.  A PSG-1 ends
up being cheaper than 10 match-grade Remington 700s -- besides, the scope
is much more expensive than the gun anyway (perhaps I just like overly
expensive scopes)
All that being said, for field use and home defense, if I'm alone, I'd
take a barrett .50 browning for long-range USMC-style scout-sniping, or
antimateriel sniping, and either a PSG-1 if money is no object (it's not
*that* expensive, if you actually use it), or the German Army sniping
system (or my^H^Ha national match M1A or M14) if money is only somewhat
an object, or a Dragunov if money is a limiting factor, for anti-sniping
or support sniping.  And I strongly feel anti-raid sniping is of the
latter category.
(True, your gun is the best 7.62 USMC-style rifle other than the PSG-1..)
Even better than that would be the addition of a spotter/security person
with an M16 :)  And some nice *cover* for where you fire from, in the form
of earth, concrete, sandbags, or Spectra.  And if the sky is the limit,
something to engage light armor, like a 20mm rifle or tactical air support :)
The choice of cryptographic tools is somewhat like the choice of sniper
A OTP is remarkably like a bolt-action rifle of infinite accuracy.  Say, a USAF prototype 20mm laser guided sniper rifle.  Use it twice in the
same place, and get slagged in automatic cannon fire.  However, it is ideal
for "one shot one kill" perfect secrecy.
A steganographically-protected data stream is much like a silenced
subsonic carbine.
A remailer network is much like a remote electrically-fired weapon (someone
at a pistol match tried this with a free pistol, won, and the technique
was banned the next year :)
PGP is the PSS -- pretty [good] sniping system, pretty good precision.  Useful for a lot of things, and since it's one of the better tools, it gets used for a lot of things where another solution might be better. :)
Of course, I'd be kind of biased to call a working Eternity implementation
and/or working and distributed digital cash system the PSG-1.

@_date: 1998-01-04 05:17:54
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Guns: H&K, G3, 7.62 v 5.56 [Guns] (fwd) 
I've only seen bolt action .50s fired.  They're not *too* heavy, and
from the amount of muzzle flash, noise, etc. it gave, I'd be as comfortable
using it at 1000-1500 yards as I would a .308 at 600-1000 yards.  Given
proper concealment and the absence of anyone looking directly at you
when you fire, that is.  Professional sniping is a 2 man operation anyway --
against a target that can shoot back, you really want to have a spotter.
strategy -- .308s for traditional sniping, .50 for anti-materiel, extreme
long range, and countersniping.  Attacking an incoming force which has
its own snipers is mostly a job for the .50.  And if I were in the field
on the offense, I'd be attacking small enough groups that a few .50
rounds would be sufficient to kill them all or at least immobilize them.
Or high enough value targets to make a more likely kill worth the higher
risk during E&E.  True, they mainly use bolt-action .50s -- if the semi
auto version is really that much heavier, I'd probably go for the bolt
action gun in the field and the semi at my home.
For Tim May's situation, in a house, they know fairly well that he's firing
from the house.  Pretty much any weapon will give enough signature for them to
zero in on it and fire.  If he's lucky, and they just have carbines and
7.62 snipers, he could fire from one room, move to another, fire, etc.  Or have
enough cover to keep himself from getting hit.  But at some point, they'll
just bring in a real countersniper asset, like an automatic cannon, and
any muzzle flash will be responded to with several hundred AP/explosive shells.
Within the house, the weight of a .50 isn't that bad -- and the extra 500-1000
yards and AP capability might make a difference against a raid.  At the very
least, it'll get his place firebombed rather than shot up :)  Forcing
them to keep outside the 1500-2000 yard high danger range from a .50 (or
forcing them to stay behind serious cover) would give him a chance to duck
out and fight another day, too :)  A .50 is also a bit more effective
against helicopters containing special forces "monitoring" personnel
who are there (but of course not actually there) in violation of the law.
It would be interesting to fit one's house with speakers/noise generators/
flash generators/smoke/etc. to make it look as if one has an automatic
cannon or a small army, in response to a raid.  It would make a perfect
distraction during which to leave :)
I'd much rather write code, make money, and leave the country (not
necessarily in that order) than worry about defending myself from a
government which has shown time and time again it is willing to ignore
the law, though.
* Eternity DDS is coming along.  The current almost-ready-for-announcement
version is using Postgres95 for a backend, sigh.  Design for the
first production-demo system is progressing as well.
* The Cypherpunks Archive project I was working on is also progressing.
Unfortunately, my archive is kind of weird -- it's in MIT discuss
format, and converting it into mbox is nontrivial, given the size of the
file.  After adding more memory to the system on which I'm editing the
file, I think I have an mbox file which is just missing one field.  I'm
planning to index them with hypermail, then glimpse.  On the cd, I'll
put the original mbox file, either as a single massive file or broken up,
depending on what people want, as well as a precomputed index and perhaps
the web site version as well.  The next step is to put all of the cypherpunks
archives into Eternity DDS -- Postgres95 seems to puke on large data objects
sometimes, so I'll need to fix that.
Once I get the cypherpunks archive done, I'll work on some other lists.  And
then hopefully some people will buy CD-Rs so I can buy another 25gb of HDD
or so :)
* Financial people are pretty cool.  I just got back from talking to some
about the Eternity Service concept, and they were really excited.  I really
didn't expect non-(electronic finance) finance people to be interested in it right away.  They even got more excited when the magic word "cryptography"
was mentioned.  Perhaps finance will fix the software industry.

@_date: 1998-01-06 18:50:14
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: cypherpunks and guns 
I am fairly certain that as an irregular army soldier I could inflict
a substantial amount of damage upon an occupying military.  With maybe
$20k in equipment and several hundred hours of training, you could make
life very difficult for any luckless squad that happens your way.  Multiply
that by 100 million armed citizens and you see that armed civilian
resistance *can* defeat an occupying army.
Certainly in times of "peace" information/infrastructure warfare is much
more cost effective for the guerilla -- but once they start sending armored
patrols around armed with 600 surplus M-16 rifles and having [un]official
rules of engagement which include sniper fire on the wives and children
of citizens not convicted of any crime, burning tens of people alive for
their religious beliefs, forcibly sodomizing suspects with wooden rods, and
passing laws which cripple the 1st by making it a crime to read, it's
perhaps worth looking at other methods of resistance. (wow, that approached
Hettingan length while having little in common with his style :)
Plus, I honestly believe certain people who lacked the foresight or desire
to use anonymity have increased the chances of illegal unconstitutional
government action against them.  It'll be a lot harder to quietly kill
someone and keep it out of the news if they're prepared to fight back
to the extent that I gather Tim May and others are prepared.  Even if
being armed does nothing more than let the world know they have declared
war against the constitution, it's worth it.
Me, I still plan to get out before high powered riflery becomes anything
other than a sport.  The Seychelles are looking remarkably tempting... (I still say steel core ammo is the way to go, especially in 5.56 NATO and
7.62 Soviet.  There exist plenty of vests which have rifle hardplate to
stop those rounds -- even 7.62 NATO rounds.  7.62 NATO AP/API, though,
is a bit tougher, buying you substantial time)    Hacking on Eternity DDS,
[Not actually a gun toting lunatic, nor does he play one on TV, but
 rather keeps them in a safe, and carries knives instead.  Yay Massachusetts.
 I hope this does not spark a discussion of how to stop a government
 assault force armed with only a knife (hint: the answer is not "in parallel")]
[*ObCrypto* (it's getting really hard to do this every time):
AOLserver (a nice web server formerly from GNN/navisoft) punted their
128bit SSL module distribution *EVEN TO US CITIZENS* due to commerce
department fuckedness.  Anyone know where I could get a copy?  It would
really suck to have to patch the 40bit one into a 128bit version, since they
do not distribute source.  Sigh.  But I've started to use it for insecure
stuff because it's cheaper than Stronghold (read: free) and does some cool
database stuff easier than apache.  And (cool db stuff + free) is more
important than (secure) or (secure and easily configured and supported)
for this.]

@_date: 1998-01-09 21:42:54
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Jim Bell... lives... on... in... Hollywood! 
Given strong cryptography and something like my current Eternity DDS
almost prototype (a reliable distributed way of selling storage-compute-bandwidth being the relevant part), why couldn't the incarcerated person have left an agent out on the net to handle the challenge for him, and hold the money in anonymous trust for him until
he gets out?  I can't think of any anonymity-preserving system which contains an "is-a-person" predicate -- even if you asked an AI-hard
question, you could blind the question and post it to usenet or CNN
or something and quote one of those responses (which would be wise to
do anyway for styleometry prevention).
The other option is having a non-anonymous system, or one that is
anonymous until someone tries to collect the prize, but in that case,
it's not all that interesting a problem.
Ryan the Nightshifted

@_date: 1998-01-11 19:15:56
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: In God We Antitrust, from the Netly News 
I have used a K6-200 overclocked to a K6-300 (83mhz bus speed) for
some time now, mostly accomplishing the cooling issue by leaving it
in my bedroom with the window open all winter.  It's a great
value -- for $200+$100 I got a processor and motherboard capable of
PII-level performance in things like code compiles, etc.  I've even
hand-optimized some code for the K6 -- it's a great chip.
If I find investors/customers/etc. by March-July 98 for Eternity DDS, though, I'm planning to buy 8 DEC AlphaPC motherboards with dual 21264 processors.
Some pieces of Eternity DDS are now being implemented in Oracle for
speed of implementation reasons, and other pieces are being prototyped
in Scheme (maybe), so even my K6 is getting hammered.  Plus, I'm now testing
some kernel modifications, and having to reboot the only functional server,
bring Oracle back up, initialize the world, bring up a web server and
an encrypted filesystem, etc. all without disrupting service too much
whenever I make a minor change, then do it every time I need to change
one character in the kernel, is really annoying.  Running the different
services on different machines would be far more realistic and practical.
[*Obcrypto*: I have gotten incredibly backed up with work of various
kinds, and email.  However, I still have time for silly web service
questions.  Here goes:
Does anyone know of a way I can take a web server, say AOLserver, which
does not support useful SSL, and also does not distribute source, and
retrofit a useful 128-bit SSL implementation to it?  It has a C API, but
I haven't looked at the API enough to see if I could do it within the API.
Are there any proxies which could be stuck between the insecure server
and the user (preferably with an ssh link between the servers) which could
provide SSL proxy service?  It seems like this should be trivial to do,
but I haven't tried yet, and I want to have some reedeming value for this

@_date: 1998-01-11 19:24:12
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: openworld, inc. 
Has anyone looked at these people?  They seem to be selling turnkey
systems for offshore digital commerce, among other things, which I believe
is fundamentally interesting.  However, they seem like they're involved
in several traditional weird Government-affiliated international business
startup/consulting group/etc. projects, like educational resources, and
from what I remember of a Tim May response to them, they seemed to believe
money laundering/thoughtcrime/etc. was morally reprehensible and the
duty of technical people to prevent (I may be wrong, he may be wrong, they
may be wrong...)
[ObNonCrypto: I picked the 3-pin Medeco lock on the front of my IBM RS/6000 320 today.  I was just kind of sitting here with my new picks
and wrench and was bored and poking around, and I got it to go from Secure to
Normal.  Luckily the lock turns both ways, since I was picking it backwards :(
I've been thinking about and off and on trying to pick it for several months
now -- it's a pretty impressive lock for the case on a workstation.  3-pin
Medecos are a pale comparison to the real ones, though.  Guess what locks
I will specify from now on...]

@_date: 1998-01-12 10:48:16
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Adding SSL to things 
AOLserver (formerly GNN's NaviServer) has better RDBMS integration features
than the apache crowd.  Phil Greenspun's site,  uses roughly
the same software I'm using (I asked him for advice, he swayed me from
Apache to AOLserver).  Once Apache has better Oracle integration, I might
go back to it, since I do like having source to as much as possible, but
right now, being able to easily and efficiently link Oracle to the web
server is a bit more important than source or simple to implement SSL.

@_date: 1998-01-12 11:28:40
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Eternity Services 
Yes, all three efforts are distinct at present.  My "secret" plan is to try
to get a technical design document and demo which are so compelling that
in the end it merges into one Eternity project, though :)
Hopefully I can allay your fears.
I want the alphas for testing and compiling during the not-yet-production
phase.  They'll be located in one place, subject to being shut down legally
or extralegally.  However, there will be no production data on them, so
there will be no reason to shut them down.  To attack them preemptively would
be less efficient than simply killing the maybe 20 people in the world
who are involved with Eternity development.
I want to have a cluster of machines on which to simulate a working eternity system.  I'm trying to develop interconnect protocols which scale to a large number of users with the minimum possible trust, no particularly vulnerable
points, etc.  Even me personally owning any substantial amount of machines
involved in a production Eternity implementation while living in the US would
be risky -- I want people to be able to continue to use Eternity even if I
turn out to be a secret NSA agent bent on world domination.  To this I add the threat of illegal action by enemies of users of the system, government or otherwise.  As a result, having *any* of the nodes be locatable
on a network or in physical space is a threat.  Knowing the IP addresses of
all the Eternity servers in the world would be enough to let you flood
them out of existence.
Unfortunately, in order for Eternity to be accessible to the world in some
way, some nodes need to have public logical addresses in some way.  This
opens up a bunch of pathways to attack.
Eternity DDS has market-based protocols to try to hinder these attacks.
Yes, that's effectively what I'm trying to do.  Eternity DDS is currently
being developed on the "Athena model" as a bunch of interoperating services
with general utility as well.
During testing, I'm using stuff like Oracle to prototype large sections of the
application.  I've run hundreds of clients off my K6 talking to a couple of on my K6.  This does not mean that the production system will involve my k6 in
any way, except perhaps as my client.
I think that Eternity is effectively a massive distributed database, in that a is a kind of database.  I also think selling just storage is kind of silly -- one needs
to take into account bandwidth and computation as well, in order to allow people to
do truly interesting things.  With a sufficiently trusted JVM, one could execute some subset
of java code remotely fairly securely.  I'm planning to have interfaces to the which make it look like a massive web server, a massive traditional database server, a filesystem,
ftp, email server, etc.  This helps functionality and security.
The design is a compromise between security and efficiency.  In many cases distributed is good for both, but in at least two areas, trying to make E-DDS distributed is making it less efficient.  I forsee that the initial limited
production system will have a nexus in that the auction market will probably
be run by my organization through a geographically-dispersed network of with byzantine fault tolerance.  I also forsee an initial small number of nodes
interfacing Eternity DDS to the world (via the web, database protocols, protocols, etc.).  While there will be encryption between those servers and clients, they will be targets for attack -- however, there are a bunch of for making them ephermeal, some of which you have mentioned.
I hope so.
I hope to leave the country before Eternity DDS goes public.  I think raids
on US sites, or unprotected foreign sites, are highly likely, legal or I don't believe any government will provide any real defense for an identified
Eternity server or nexus or involved person, once it starts being used for
corporate espionage, money laundering, political activism, etc.  The only is to make sure the collateral damage from taking it out is high enough that won't, like an inoperable tumor (a 10mm does a good job of removing most cancer, but sometimes killing the patient is unacceptable)
Hopefully, the designers of the first production Eternity service can make irrelevant enough to not be worth killing, and/or difficult enough to kill that the
collateral damage from killing them would be unacceptable.
Yes.  I'm designing for the worst.
I'm planning to move to the most laissez-faire location possible.  I also want
to make myself irrelevant once the system enters production (which does not
necessarily mean I won't try to get rich, just that if someone corrupts or
kills me it won't make any difference to the operation of the system).
I agree with you 100%.  There are technical considerations which come into play
defending eternity nodes from TA, other corrupt nodes, etc., but they are in main solvable.  The borders of the eternity logical network become exposed, but it
is possible to push those borders far enough out that it becomes the responsibilty of
other unwitting parties to shut them down.
My design goal is truly distributed and truly secure.  In order to take out eternity, I
hope to make it necessary for the attackers to take out the Internet, something even
overly communist regimes are unwilling to do.
I think Adam Back's Eternity implementation mostly meets the "lightweight nodes
which no one cares about" in theory, and if his assumption that usenet will not
be attacked is valid, it has met the "unacceptably high collateral damage"
criteria.  I'm somewhat unsure of that assumption, though.
Plus, the central difference between Eternity DDS and the other two Eternity
designs is that market forces will be used to give people an incentive to break the
law by running Eternity DDS servers secretly in Burma (both internal storage
nodes and throwaway interface nodes).  I think market forces are the only way get people to implement a large enough Eternity logical network to provide
protection from a concerted attack.
More discussion would be great.  I think everyone agrees on the basic for Eternity implementation -- it's just a question of which compromises one make to technical expediency, as well as advanced technical methods one can use
to minimize those compromises.  [Pseudo-ob-non-crypto: I apologize for sof.mit.edu's web server being dead for a while.  It
managed to wedge itself quite nicely, and I didn't find out about it until someone sent me
mail.  Again, I'm putting as much documentation as I can up on

@_date: 1998-01-12 12:11:11
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Eternity Services 
I agree as well.
Solved, I think  a) someone drops out of MIT and works on Eternity DDS to
the point where people want to dump money into it, assuming it is
a fundamentally good idea, and b) by using market based protocols which give
a financial incentive to people running stuff, there is a rush to set up
eternity servers.
In my system, no one knows (ideally) who is actually storing the data, only
those on the edges of the system (who will hopefully only be known by
a logical address).  That sounds like an interesting idea.  It is certainly far simpler to
implement than my suite of protocols.
You may have solved the problems of persistence in Eternity, and if users
are intelligent about picking addresses, you may have solved the persistent
and logical URN problem.  Cool!
I'm not sure the problems of scaling to a full production system have been though.  Would usenet simply ignore the additional, and potentially highly and non-readable traffic?  alt.binaries.warez got punted pretty quickly.  Also, your
scheme does not include any provisions for people to post active objects of
any kind, or market-based load balancing, both of which I consider critical
features -- people will overload any Eternity server they can find -- what motivation would the overt owners of the server have to upgrade to handle the USENET is also not quite as resilient as it used to be.
I may have an unreasonable bias against usenet, but I think any protocol which upon USENET rather than just using it as one of many potential transport is unable to scale.  Certainly the performance of your Eternity implementation be far from real time.  Coupled with not providing dynamic objects of any kind, I think
there are a large number of services which could not function in your system.
It's still has a lot of potential, and is actually highly feasible to implement, which is
good.  And you seem to be evolving it, which leads me to think any potential will eventually be solved.  It would be interesting if we could share components which
were common to both designs, such as a payment arbitrator or whatever.
Having multiple interoperable Eternity implementations would actually be really interesting.
They could store data in each other, in something of a recursive auction market (the
data taken from a user commands a premium price immediately because it's "hot", once
it gets buried a bunch of times it is a bit more shielded), share payment protocols, etc.
Letting the market decide where it wants to put its data seems like the best

@_date: 1998-01-12 12:36:43
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: (eternity) mailing list and activity 
I've heard that there are perhaps as many as two more which are vaguely
non-public, as well.
I'm only using an existing database for reasons of expediency in prototyping.
The actual production system will include no commercial code.  Oracle is
a bloated pig for this kind of thing, too.  One of the 'views' for the
data will be a virtual database.
My current design will require some kind of interface between users and in order to commit data.  Since the pricing/specification/etc. system will be
rather sophisticated, I'm also working on a simulation tool to assist users in
committing data.  However, it will be possible in my ideal implementation for a user
to fill out a form with duration of storage required, requirements, a pro-rated schedule for nonperformance, amount of space needed, of computation needed, etc. and attach their object.  Then, there will be a based system which lets people bid on storing that data -- various indices of will exist (although since it is multiaxis, they will have to be surfaces, with a large
amount of interpolation).  Someone will buy it, perhaps resell in a recursive
auction market, etc.  There will be a designated verifier which will make sure contract is met, using a variety of mechanisms designed to preserve anonymity prevent fraud, and enforce the contract.  Payment will be held in escrow, disbursed at
pre-specified intervals, again totally anonymously.
Since these contracts are negotiable, there should be a market in old Eternity contracts.  As the realities of storing data change, the market will take
this into account, and up or down value existing and new contracts.
Potentially, one could even use Eternity storage as a kind of currency.  The system would
seem to be purpose-built for money laundering, once it is big enough that
all money going into or out of the system is not monitorable (a threshold which
depends on the design of the system and payment scheme as well).
I think I'm going to take a break from my demo writing to work on some public Some parts of my current system are total mock-ups, others don't yet exist.  My "two-way
anonymous e-cash implementation" is a chit file in /tmp on my machine (heh), putting data into the system requires serious frobbing.  And Oracle is handling most of
the coherency/etc. issues right now.

@_date: 1998-01-12 13:34:43
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Eternity Services 
There is no market-based reason for a general-purpose news server to store a file once it is known it is illegal or even offensive and someone puts any amount of pressure on them.  You end up needing to steganographically protect
your data in the usenet stream, yet then you have to resort to security through
obscurity, which royally sucks if you have published source :)  You could use
some kind of cryptographically steganographically protected data, such that
you need a secret key to know stegoed data exists, but then knowing which files to
extract becomes a pain -- your server needs to try to extract on *everything*.  True,
this also solves part of the TA problem (while making the other parts far worse) :)
But it really hammers the servers, and makes it unlikely they'll continue to let you access
them.  You could then foil this by using a bunch of tentacles to pull in data, but this
increases complexity and security vulnerability.  Yes.  This (and the URN issue) was one of the initial reasons why I doubted the
functionality of his Eternity implementation if it ever became popular.  One of MIT's
news admins was actually vehemently opposed to this "abuse of usenet", and implied he
would go out of his way to not carry such articles.
E-DDS should scale well because everyone involved is trying to make a profit.
My implementation allows flexibility -- someone pays for every scarce resource, yes, but
it does not have to always be the same person.  There will hopefully evolve to be people
willing to speculate in data, storing it for free in exchange for a cut, others willing
to pay the cost of putting their own data up and making access free up to a certain point,
I like CD-ROM distribution.  My discman carried munitions, as well as music, on the same disc.
There are currently-under-development systems which will meet the digital cash from people who I consider highly respectable and competent.
Yes, blacknet is a perfect model of a distributed high-latency system.  to get a system which will actually be useful to end users requires quite a bit more than
just storing data -- services like reporting on the reliability of data, easy access to data by third parties, etc. are all pretty essential.  may find blacknet highly useful, but most end users want something that works
like the web, or like a database, which is the primary advantage of the current
"Eternity" systems.
Yes, having a persistent URN is highly useful.  Adam's implementation kind of this, and I have not yet come up with a solution to it -- it would be easy to
do a pretty simple persistent URL, but having something which would allow
indexing to be something other than a web-search-engine style kludge is more I've been reading some papers on the topic.
I think perhaps this is inaccurate.  I am interested in being able to subsume functionality of a database for some applications, but I'm trying to build more like a distributed active agents system.  A database implies a single design -- this would be more a medium in which people could place databases, agents, etc.

@_date: 1998-01-12 13:55:17
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: (eternity) Re: Eternity Services 
No working model has been deployed by me as of yet.  However, most of the
components are "solved problems", with existing working models.  Worst case,
it would be possible to accomplish equivalent functionality by linking
these by remailers and hoping no one shuts down the remailers.
I believe no one has seriously called to pour money into remailers because is no money to be made from them, and making them commercial exposes them to
additional pressure and liability, not because they are technically poorly It's not a database.  A technical design document describing it, security
assumptions made, and implementation guidelines has been under development.  I been working on small demonstration components only in order to test ideas -- I
have identified technical problems which are essential to an Eternity implementation, and I have been looking into literature for solutions.  In
some areas, no good solutions exist in research, so I've been trying to
find technical solutions.
A full discussion is included in a document which has not yet been released.  not finished, even in draft form.  Classes and leaving the country to talk to and work on a side project got in the way of finishing it.  Once a draft is I'm planning to release it to a small set of people, get their comments, then
finish the demo and send it to the cypherpunks community, with a pointer to the
demo.  I do not want to release a half-finished draft for fear that then progress will
slow to a standstill on the unfinished parts.
I don't believe in the protection of being in "speech space" vs. being
in network space as substantially different.  Extralegal means will be
used to shut down servers in either case, if it is sufficiently important
to the attackers.
It does not necessarily reduce the number of nodes and links (it may for
a given amount of traffic).
Yes, a mathematical and technical model is critical.  However, certain
technical questions not directly related to security are easiest to solve by
Yes, this is true.  I've prepared a list of goals and assumptions -- I will
post them at some point in the near future.  Debate over them would be more
fruitful than any technical debate at this point.
If every single machine in country A is shut down, then Eternity access to that
country fails.  This is why it is essential that all machines involved
in the network retain anonymity, both from users and from untrusted other
nodes.  Several methods exist for this, including a cellular structure, writing by using remailers or other technical means, etc.
Components of the system will take their own security into account when pricing
service.  It won't necessarily be linear.  Since they have their own security mind, they will not willingly send a file which will lead to their demise the reward for doing so is higher than the penalties of being caught.
I agree.
That's the primary reason for having both a design document and a demo.  People
can read about how it should work, and attack it at that level, as well as look
at it in operation.
True.  I'm not coding a detailed implementation of a protocol, I'm doing a of minor experiments to see what technical means are feasible, as well as
trying to create something which lets people see how it works.
That's why I'm trying to design the service with security *and* commercial in mind.  I believe there are plenty of commercial uses for something with the
right combination.  If something like Eternity DDS exists which is indistinguishable to
the user from a web server, and from those adding files from a system superior to a web
server (such as a database), yet provides the level of security which I hope to provide,
I think there will be a commercial market.
So, I guess in order of priority:
1) list of goals and assumptions for a commercially-viable eternity service,
with cypherpunks-level security, made available for discussion
2) technical design document to meet these goals circulated among
some subset of the community for initial sanity checking
3) functional demo prepared which can demonstrate the feasibility of the system
4) release of 2) and 3) to cypherpunks, eternity, etc. for commentary
5) repeat 2, 3, 4 as necessary
6) production implementation
I've been working on 1, 2, and 3 in parallel but with roughly correct of effort.

@_date: 1998-01-13 20:50:17
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: (eternity) autonomous agents 
Ross Anderson:
You would be expected to comply with efforts to stamp out illegal activities.
Laws may be passed (e.g. CDA) which would require technical measures to
prevent illegal activity even if you are a common carrier.  Legal
protection is fundamentally weak if the government does not like you. Worst case, a government or other criminal organization could employ
technical twrrorist tactics to take out the entire eternity network, if
possible, even if no illegal activity is taking place.
I agree that building a sufficiently large "eternity network" such that
the 1% or so of traffic which is illegal is impossible to censor without
affecting the other 99%.  I believe the web or the internet as a whole
are now large and important enough to Joe Sixpack that shutting them off
to stop illegal activity is infeasible -- I do not agree that USENET
is.  I think 2 weeks of press in the US about "USENET, the network used
by kiddie porn photographers to trade photos, must be shut down" would be
enough to shut usenet in the US down.
I believe that the US+UK together could shut off nearly all communications
into or out of Libya or Somalia or Liberia or any other small country.  They
already put a fair amount of pressure on the Seychelles (my current
pick for favorite portential datahaven country outside of colonial reach),
and money laundering can survive with less of an established communications
infrastructure than high speed internet communications, at least from
what I know of money laundering.  A "datahaven country" would have
to be immune to such tactics -- either having its own strong military (China as datahaven) to defend its national interests, political
connections (Israel?), or enough trade with the US that shutting off
data commo would be impossible for economic reasons (Singapore?).  If it comes to actual violence in meatspace, I don't think there's anything
a major power couldn't do to a small cypherpunk project.  One approach
would be quickly allying with interests capable of defending themselves against such threats -- organized crime, money laundering, arms trading,
etc. -- but even they for the most part could not stand up to a concerted
attack by a government -- they exist through secrecy and connections.  My bet is on the web.  Billing "Eternity DDS" as a sophisticated fault
tolerant web server, which has market-based protocols for exchanging
data futures.  And also designing the protocol to support "financial
services" conducted through eternity dds futures trading.  Get enough
kosher data into it and you can protect yourself from TA, from wholesale shutting down of the system, etc.
The same techniques which protect you from a government shutting down
the service protect you from an enemy of someone storing data
in the system shutting down the system.
The single best thing I've seen recently was Ross Anderson's comment
about 90% of cypherpunks work being on secrecy/etc. and 90% of
the commercial IT money going to fault tolerance.  I believe, at least
for an eternity service, one provides the other, and that's
how it can be "sold" to enough users to make it safe for unpopular
(Steganographic File System sounds very interesting -- will the paper
be available online?)

@_date: 1998-01-13 23:56:18
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: (eternity) autonomous agents 
Additionally, you could have the Fahd family annoyed by this stuff in Israel,
post the names of all the Mossad agents to the same server, and have
the server have an accident.
You would need to go beyond "indexing" to "enforcement" if you wanted to
make it safe for people to run open datahavens.  True, you could still
do this regulatory arbitrage thing by having datahaven owners look at
the data, see if they can store it, then price it based on how safe it would
be for them to store it -- that's the kind of thing a market-based
Eternity service would include (as well as people with different levels
of risk tolerance being willing to take more dangerous data, ephermeal
servers, etc.).  A market-based system can overcome just about everything --
it will take into account the regulatory climate, political connections,
size of the site, etc.
The problem is that if you encrypt everything such that server operators
don't know what it is, you're "selling them a bill of goods", so they don't
really have the chance to correctly price their data.  Plus, they have
no way of knowing even if the data is unencrypted that your list of
the sins of the prophet do not include a steganographically-encoded
list of Mossad agents.
You can't assume people in the system will "play fairly" unless there
are market reasons for them to do so.  Perhaps persistent identities for
those committing files?
Basically, in the age old contest between arms and armor, arms win every time.
BTW, I don't really like the overly negative names for Eternity, like
"inferno", or whatever.  I like to think my data is *good* data, deserving
of a better fate.  Elysium, perhaps?   Or just use "eternity" in place of "eternityspace" (a word I never should have used, since it means
the same thing), as in "upload these files to eternity", "the collection
of files currently stored in eternity", etc.  Little danger of confusion with pedestrian meanings of the word eternity, too, I think, and there
is no real reason to draw a distinction between eternity the location for
documents and eternity the overall system for creating such a space.

@_date: 1998-01-14 21:51:34
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: how to release code if the programmer is a target for coercion 
Tim May brought this issue up recently -- if someone develops a greatest-
thing-since-sliced-bread Eternity package, then releases it. it's pretty
likely that they will eventually be approached by (mi6/mossad/CIA/KCIA/etc.).
What's likely to happen?
Certainly they could kill you.  They could make it look like random street
crime, or an accident, or kill you with  000 in your pocket just to make
it clear what their reasons were (Gerald Bull, Mossad, London, .32acp).  At best, you could force them to make it very obvious it was murder, by
having paranoid levels of security, but they could still kill you.  If they
kill the programmer (s/programmer/programmers, or just enough that
the project becomes disorganized, etc.), that at worst will keep new releases
of the software from coming out.  At least until another group starts
working on things, assuming protocols and/or source are public.  Perhaps
that new group would be a front for the NSA, though.  A risk.
More likely, they'd try to coerce you.  This could include threats of death,
which are best responded to by ignoring them, since they don't gain anything
if they kill you.  Or torture, which is equally ineffective if they kill you.
Or slander/etc. to try to discredit you. (unlikely to work at least among
cypherpunks, in the absence of technical attacks as well).
Most likely, they would try to buy you.  This could be by outright offering
money for back doors, which would be great if it worked, but is unlikely to
happen in the first place.  If offered a bribe, you could go public with
that fact (preferably after taking the money :), and worst case publically
distance yourself from the project.  More likely, they could try to infiltrate
the technical team covertly, or ask for features which happen to be non-public security compromises, perhaps under the guise of security improvements (this presumes they are beyond the state of the art).
WOrst case, one can say that if the intelligence community is far beyond
the state of the art, you have no chance at protecting against covertly
modified source code, modified to break in a subtle way which is not known
to the general community.  However, the world is already in this position --
if they solved the DLP, or even knew of subtle bugs in a processor, or tools would already be weak.
Assuming the intelligence community is not so advanced that thorough inspection
by the world at large won't reveal back doors or weaknesses, the solution
is code review by the public.  It was brought up that verifying PGP was
just about at the limit of the world's capability.   I agree that it is
certainly beyond the level of one person, or even a small group, to verify --
plus, you want code verified by enough non-interacting entities that it is
unlikely they can all be bought.
I was looking around for a solution to this -- Lenny Foner at the MIT
Media lab has something for his agents project which might be a solution.
A system by which sections of source code are verified by individuals,
signed, other sections are verified by others, etc.  Then, during
compilation, you could say something like "all of the security
critical code must be verified by at least one of these 12 people, everything
else by at least 5 people per section in this list of distinct people".  It
would then show where the "threadbare" sections are, and you could optionally
verify them yourself, have someone else verify them for money, or post
to cypherpunks asking for help.
Security critical code should be encapsulated fairly well anyway -- I'd
feel a lot worse about having a bug in such a part of my code than
a screen refresh bug.  One could potentially limit unintended side effects
by running security code on its own processor, in its own sandbox, or
just use a different instance of the JVM to run it.
I think technical means can solve the problem of source code review
and intelligence community rubber hose tactics.  (preferably they'll
still be handing out free money anyway, though)

@_date: 1998-01-15 14:44:16
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: how to release code if the programmer is a target for coercion (fwd) 
How would you do this?  There is code.  You sign that code with your personal
pgp key, which you are assumed to keep secure.  Cases:
A) The code is authentic, but backdoored: you will look at it when verifying
it and refuse to sign it, optionally posting how it is flawed to the world.
B) The code is not the actual code used in the product, but unbackdoored:
In this case, you sign it, but when someone tries to compile, the real
code is not signed, and thus the attacker is no better off.
C) The code is not the actual code used in the product, and is backdoored:
The NSA is really stupid, then.
D) The code is the authentic code, and is unbackdoored: you win.
The only attacks would be if you could sneak a bug by the verifiers.  With
modern execution environments, it is *possible* there could be unintended
consequences to almost anything.  That's why I think one of the first
pieces of code verified should be the JVM.
Another attack would be having 5 NSA agents sign a piece of code, but you could prevent that by having the list made up of distinct well known
individuals who are unlikely to all be bought -- if the NSA wants to
give $100m each to the most frequent 100 posters on cypherpunks, I want
to get in line :)

@_date: 1998-01-15 18:26:51
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: how to release code if the programmer is a target for coercion (fwd) 
Yes, you guessed right :)
The problem reduces to one of distribution of public keys.  In my model
(er, actually Lenny Foner's model, in this case), you distribute something
that has intrinsic verifiability -- the eternity source.  So whether
or not rdl's eternity-dds signing key is compromised is irrelevant to
the users -- in fact, the assumption is that since I am a known target,
I've been killed or compromised.  So, there's this potentially untrusted
code out there.
People who have known public keys then inspect and sign the code.  It is
assumed these people have distributed their public keys far and wide, signed
by lots of people, etc.  As long as you can assume the "PGP web of trust",
the distributed software signing thing works.
I agree that the current state of PGP use is probably not enough for
the "PGP web of trust" -- I've *never* used a key and found it signed by
anyone I know.  However, I think even the current system puts a pretty high
barrier to fraud, and if there started to be fraud, people would start
signing each other's keys.
A keyserver serving keys like "rdl's eternity-dds release signing key" might
be subject to traffic analysis, true. However, as you suggest, you could
put the keyserver inside Eternity.  Then, the problem just gets shifted -- now
you need (a) pgp signing key(s) which has/have signed all of those keys.
I think it is unreasonable to think merely signing a key (and distributing
your own personal key securely) will be a felony before anything has been
done with that key.  More to the point, I think it is unreasonable to think
the government will go after people purely for signing the source code
to a piece of software -- signing does not imply you use it, does not imply
that you wrote it, does not imply anything other than that you've
looked at it, verified it, and signed it.  The government would do just
as well to track down the posters to cypherpunks and kill them.

@_date: 1998-01-16 01:14:51
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: (eternity) God's Own Backup Medium 
Dan Fabulich:
It's simple conceptually, just some of the technical details are
multi-axis tradeoffs which need to be made explicit.
It's an Eternity problem if you want your eternity system to have
better performance than the remailers have.  What you really need
is a multi-level security infrastructure, where someone (the owner
of the data, the individual intermediate server operators, etc.) can
choose the level of security they will provide to meet certain Quality of Service levels.
Yes, for a lot of the data you're handling, remailers are a good model.
However, steganographically-protected streams hidden inside other streams
work better for certain things.  Perhaps quantum channels work better for
other things.  Perhaps hand-carried optical tapes are best for others.  The system should have a way of handling these formats in a suitably
abstract way.
Which helps both security and performance.  A very good mechanism.
Yes.  That's why I'm including market-based techniques in Eternity DDS --
I think market-based arguments are as powerful as statistical ones --
perhaps not as powerful as mathematical/cryptographic proof, but
I know with high confidence there will be a deployed quality anonymous
e$ system in 1998.
Yes.  Both Eternity-USENET and Eternity DDS are only secure once they
grow to a certain size.  Market pressure is (I think) the best way of
getting a system to scale to that size.
(Eternity-USENET is vulnerable to technical Denial of Service attacks
with the current small number of indexing servers, even if it is protected
from legal issues.  I think illegal or extralegal attacks are as dangerous
as the legal ones)

@_date: 1998-01-16 03:47:51
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: (eternity) Mailing List Archives 
I've put the archives of the Eternity Mailing List (eternity at internexus.net)
up on The mailing list is host to discussion of the theoretical issues behind
Eternity service, Blacknet, Adam Back's Eternity USENET implementation,
and my forthcoming Eternity DDS implementation.
(7 articles got lost from the archive while I was setting it up.  I sent
them to itself as "missing articles 86-92".  I'll restore their
original headers at some point.)

@_date: 1998-01-16 06:19:51
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: E (the java extension, not MDMA) 
After someone mentioned "E", Electric Communities (
enhancement to the Java security model/language/etc., I checked it out
It looks useful for a distributed agents based system (which is what
I'm shooting for...the long-awaited goals mailing will either get sent
today or tomorrow, depending on if I fall asleep immediately after sending I don't think anyone will argue that it's inherently bad.  However, I'm
interested in knowing what people think about using a vaguely proprietary
product (albeit from a company with lots of cool people) in a piece of
software like a reference Eternity implementation.  I personally would prefer
to stick to something as standard as possible, but E has a lot of features
I'd want to use, and would end up re-implementing on my own.
(I think if you had a JVM interface to eternity such that an object, its
currency, where it should send its results, etc. in a standard form
(the standard eternity agent encapsulation) were encapsulated, you
could build a lot of Eternity out of interacting agents inside another
Eternity implemention, inside ... up to inside a traditional network.
(more on this idea later))
So, this is very rambling -- I mostly wonder how people feel about using
a fairly non-standard language extension in something like Eternity.
[ObDentistry: Wisdom teeth *really* suck.  I want drugs.]

@_date: 1998-01-16 18:00:36
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: remailer resistancs to attack 
Adam Back:
By having anonymous remailers which are themselves anonymous -- running
on discarded accounts, only known by a few other remailers, not the
general public, perhaps by splitting up remailer addresses as a shared secret, so one remailer knows there is a "foo remailer" it can
use, and has 1 of 3 where 2 pieces are necessary to have the address. and
sends it to another remailer which may have the other part of the address.
Perhaps probabilistic routing?  Remailers which don't know all the components
to an address, see how many they can assemble, and choose randomly?  It
does make enforcing "I want this remailed through multiple independent
groups in case you're a fed" more difficult for the user -- perhaps they
could send pieces of the message to be reassebled inside the remailer network?
All of this is great, but it's a lot of work, and remailers are quickly
consumed in this model.  Thus what I think is the true solution:
Providing a financial incentive for people to run remailers.  This requires
digital cash.  I believe digital cash will soon exist, and thus this will
soon be possible.
(Also, a lot of these techniques would be valid in a higher performance
non-email based system.  Or even in a "type III" remailer network where
secret sharing and probability and high traffic are used in place of message pools.  Message pools are a direct tradeoff of performance for security --
an unacceptable tradeoff for current interactive systems, unless one could
prefetch very effectively, or if so many people used a server that its
message pool would not need to sit around very long -- this means
the average user would be using a very small amount of the resources of
a very large and highly loaded server -- this makes the large and highly
loaded server an attractive target for attack.

@_date: 1998-01-18 08:15:05
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: how to release code if the programmer is a target for (fwd) 
Eternity delivers data.  It's up to the user to verify that the data is
what they want, be it PGP signed by the pope, a working cryptosystem, or
whatever.  In this sense, it's no different than random email or whatever
as an untrusted transport medium.
The original question was how to verify the eternity server source code.
I assume the following:
* a potentially corrupted author (give rdl $100 000 and he'll probably
make a minor modification which has no apparent mal effects, give him
$100 000 000 and he'll be a hired gun).  The author is optionally * A community of publically-known cypherpunks and code-verifiers,
not all of which are corrupted, but some of which may be.
* A random user who has the public keys of at least (thresh) number of the
cypherpunks, optionally the key of the author of the document/product before
the system becomes questionable, perhaps by looking in the NY Times
for 1 Jan 1999 which has a full page ad taken out by Cypherpunks Anonymous
with the PGP public keys for the 100 leading cypherpunks.
* The piece of code to be verified is bloody long, that is, longer than
any one cypherpunk can afford to verify alone (shooting practice,
installing the minefields and poison gas sprinkler system, etc. take
lots of time)
* The user can tell by visual inspection that a small compilation
system does what they want it to do, and can understand basic logic
enough to tell what signatures imply.
1) The author releases the code into the network in an optionally anonymous way.  There is no reason to trust the code -- even if it
is signed with rdl's eternity dds signing key, no one has any reason
to believe that it isn't an NSA front, since rdl is assumed to be
corrupt, signing anything put in front of him (as long as sufficient
money is put there too)
2) The user wants to run the code, because it's Just That Cool.
3) No one can verify the entire code.  So, Cypherpunks begin signing
small sections of the code with their own previously-established key.
Their keys are established as their reputation is established on
the list, or perhaps by personally meeting these people, in the
traditional PGP web of trust scheme.  There is no central Cypherpunks
Registry, just a decentralized mesh.
4) The user executes the compilation script.  This script looks at the
pgp signatures, sees which ones it can verify from keys it already has
accepted as valid by (3), and, if there are verified good keys from
at least the minimum number of people in every critical section of the
code, it is added to the compile-me-source-tree.  If there are enough
people for every critical section (the user defines all aspects of
this), the source tree is set up for compilation, and compilation can
proceed.  The user knows that every piece of the code in the system
has been verified to their standards -- even if the author of the code
is an evil NSA sleeper agent, it has gotten by independent review by
at least a user-defined-number of people per section.
I fail to see how the specifics of Eternity are relevant -- it's
just basically a PGP web of trust issue.  The transport is irrelevant --
it's untrusted code until it's been verified by people the user
Implementing a keyserver in Eternity has the same issues -- you still
need to deal with the PGP web of trust issues.  Signing my secret
alias key with my own key as the only signature and uploading it to
eternity would fail to provide privacy, just as it would if I posted
it anonymously to the mailing list.
One working system is the buildup of "reputation capital" by an identity
using the key.  Again, this is entirely irrelevant to the Eternity
server -- verifying document authenticity is better handled at the
client side.  Eternity should be set up so as long as your ecash is good,
your document is stored -- if I want to store my document under the
name "disney's greatest hits" when it really contains necrophilic
kiddie-porn and microsoft warez, that's my business.
The client software for interacting with Eternity, however, might do
well to have a good document authentication interface.  And perhaps
third-party authentication services could pop up, willing to sign
documents that just meet gross criteria for valid indexing.  You could
then download the key for that service somehow, then use the service
The abstract issue has been beaten to death on cypherpunks many times.
I just assert that Eternity is no different from "the Net", "the Web",
"remailer networks", "Blacknet", etc. in issues of document verification
and anonymous reputation capital.

@_date: 1998-01-18 22:37:08
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: (eternity) Eternity as a secure filesystem/backup medium 
Documents by specification last only as long as someone is willing to pay
to keep them up.  This is not necessarily forever.  Once your DBC escrow
"account" runs out, the data is worthless -- someone could then choose to
store it on their own, and potentially charge others for this in
a recursive model, but there is no reason why a piece of data must
remain in Eternity forever if no one cares enough about it to pay to
have it stored.
I am designing Eternity DDS with IDEA/3DES/Blowfish level private-key
crypto and an equivalent level of DH/RSA public key crypto.  These will
be strong (provided back door attacks, fundamental breakthroughs in
cryptography, etc. are not made...a bet I'm forced to make, even though
I don't like it) well into the future.  How far?  I think unless
Quantum Cryptanalysis becomes a reality, the underlying hard problems
will not be solved through anything but a fundamental change in mathematics.
As Prof. Micali said, "Gauss (Karl Friedrich Gauss, the reknowned
mathematician/physicist/general smart guy) worked on these problems.  The test of whether a problem is sufficiently hard to be a basis for a cryptosystem
is if Gauss tried to solve it and failed." or something similar.
I don't think anyone would argue that 56bit is secure enough for anything
but ephermeal channel authentication.  I'd make the same argument for 64bit --
if you had a purpose-built machine with an intelligent key distribution
system, a well nigh unlimited budget (read: US Military), and PE's which
contained either ultrahigh performance GaAs logic or massively parallel
on a single chip silicon logic, you could probably brute force a 64bit
Do the math, though, for 128bit.  There are traditional analyses which include
the amount of silicon on the earth, the number of atoms in the universe,
etc.  The general consensus is that traditional techniques are not feasible
for brute forcing 128bit ciphers before the heat death of the universe.
Actually, Eternity is no different than emailing a file, given a SIGINT
capability at the attacker which allows all internet traffic to be monitored.
If the data is still relevant and worth breaking in 50 years, they could
just intercept the encrypted email, store it in a government vault for
50 years, then attack it (even more amusingly, they could simply
post it to Eternity themselves, encrypted with their own key :), a true
turn about).
If you do not postulate that level of signals collection capability on the
part of the attacker, yeah, Eternity is a bit different than email.  But
I think that would be an unreasonable model of the attacker.

@_date: 1998-01-19 00:29:25
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Eternity - an alternative approach 
I've looked at this idea for a while.  It's great right now once you
get away from the first couple of subnets, though.
However, I've recently become aware of "IDIP", or "Intruder Detection
and Isolation Protocol" through potentially questionable sources (my
source is mostly NDA-wary).  He assumes it will be implemented by
having each router cache IP address, received interface tuples.
Then, after the fact, one could go back and track someone router by The technical solution to this is to flood a router with forged packets
while using it to transfer your own data, overflowing the cache.
This presents the problem of being tracked by leaving a cloud of flooded
routers in your wake.  But it's possible.
I get the impression the system is far from deployment, but that it is
being worked on is a sign that potentially someone sees the rise in
forged source address attacks and wants to curtail it.

@_date: 1998-01-19 01:48:30
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: (eternity) Eternity as a secure filesystem/backup medium (fwd) 
True.  But in an Eternity model without copyright, someone could be one of
the first customers to download the data, then upload it again under a
different name.  The only thing the original uploader would have as
an advantage would be indexing information, potentially -- it's easier
for me to download ms word by going to the eternity equivalent of
 than to go to There's no real way to put the genie back into the bottle unless you can
send people with guns to beat people up who store your data as a third party.
Data disappears from Eternity once no one cares enough about it to pay to
have it stored.  That could mean someone doesn't pay in advance for the data,
or no one is willing to invest disk space in the hope that it will in
the future be downloaded.
Providing eternity service costs money.  Anything which lets users circumvent
this opens up the potential for denial of service through consumption of
resources attacks.  Even if billing is fundamental, you still have the
potential for the NSA to spend $100m to buy all the eternity space available
at any point.  This is why you also need market mechanisms -- if the NSA
is willing to pay a premium for eternity service just to keep it out of
the hands of the populace, then running eternity servers is a great investment, so capacity will increase until the NSA can no longer afford
to buy all of it.
A difficult part of designing a working Eternity service is to keep people
from "stealing service", in terms of consumption of resources, during
set up, indexing, etc.  Basically, you need to make sure that to the greatest extent possible, anything which is a potentially scarce resource
is sold, not given away.
You then are vulnerable to someone spamming the system, unless you give
the server operator some way of knowing if this encrypted data is likely
to be valuable.
I think both payment models should coexist.  But there's no reason that
the server operators are the only people able to speculate -- it could
be just another random user.
You can have arbitrarily complex payment models, since the enforcement
agents can exist (must exist?) as eternity objects in their own right.
No, the most feasible attacks for a resourced attacker are custom ASICs
optimized for key testing, as were recently described.  Distributed
workstation cracking is a parlor trick if you have a billion dollar budget
for key cracking.
The NSA has general purpose HPC resources for purposes like signal processing,
AI, etc., not for brute forcing people's keys routinely (although perhaps for a weak and nonstandard cipher, it would make sense to use general purpose
machines).  Even a corporation would be better off using FPGAs or ASICs for
key cracking once you get past 56 bits.
I assume the attacker is evil and rational.  I also assume that the
entire legal system has been subverted, and that extralegal operations of
any size too small to make the new york times front page are possible.  And,
any entity which deals with the government (just about any) can be subverted.
Thinking that the major internet gateways between providers are bugged by
the NSA isn't really too unreasonable if you accept those assumptions.

@_date: 1998-01-19 19:11:30
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: RSA hardware 
Lucky Green:
Keep in mind that there are metrics other than just keys per second for
comparison.  Often, hardware devices are certified RED/BLACK isolation
devices, TEMPEST certified, tamper-resistant, etc.  They are also usually
easier to maintain than software systems on GP hardware.
Also, the major consumers of such devices, the government/military, spend
a *lot* more on hardware/software/user maintenance than any cypherpunk.  Their
computers are usually TEMPEST certified, etc., so their curve is a lot
higher up.
Assuming efficient markets, the reason so few of these devices are sold
outside the military is that they're overpriced except for those in
the same situation as the military. though :)
I've been thinking of buying a wicked-fast FPGA prototyping board and
making my own coprocessor.  There are some really nice gate arrays, and
David Honig has some fairly wonderful plans for how to use them for
things like Blowfish, etc.  I've mainly concentrated on high-speed
symmetric ciphers, but they'd be applicable to RSA/DH, I believe.  For
one blowfish implementation, the limiting factor (assuming key setup
can be done efficiently) is the PCI bus, I think.

@_date: 1998-07-08 03:41:44
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: IP: "CyberCash can't oust credit cards" 
Haven't you said in the past that the *consumer* can't be charged anything to
use the system in the way of fees (consumer being the party bringing money into
the system), and that all fees need to get charged to the merchant (or whoever
the party is who removes money from the system)?
Certainly, at first order, the fee *should* be on removing money from the system, from a selfish point of view on the part of Ivan the Issuer -- if you're making money on seignorage, you're making money when people add money
to the system *and leave it there*.  Thus, you want to provide incentives for
people to buy money and leave it there -- charging no "on" fees and minimal
"off" fees would do it.  To ensure that people have faith in the cheap
convertability of electronic cash to real money, you could provide a highly
regressive fee structure for taking money out of the system -- if people
end up only redeeming their stuff through middlemen in huge batches, the
fees will go down very fast, and so will your costs.  The percentage cost
of shipping a billion dollars to a major customer in exchange for a billion
dollar token is much lower than shipping one billion one dollar bills to
a bunch of holders of one dollar tokens.  (This is an argument for regressive
fees, not for charging out rather than in, since it would apply just as well
to those who bought a billion tokens and then resold them, of course)
system to allow cheap coin-for-coin exchanges.  The marginal cost of a
transaction like this *is* 3 orders of magnitude less than one involving
a back-office system and wire transfer.  *This* is why electronic cash is
3 orders of magnitude cheaper than existing systems.  If you kludge a back
office system, a debit card system, and a wire transfer system onto the
backend, transactions going through that system don't get any cheaper than they
wold be in an unregulated traditional offshore bank.  As an issuer, you want
as few back-office processed transactions as possible, and those you do have,
should be as large as possible.
A better example is the credit card, rather than the traveler's check.  I've
*never* used a traveler's check, since I'm fundamentally annoyed by the idea
that I'd have to pay a fee to put my money into the system.  The *vast* of consumers are unwilling to pay a fee to conduct a transaction they can
conduct in another way for free -- credit cards, cash, personal checks, wire
transfer, or whatever.  Merchants *already* pay money to handle money -- it's
just another cost of doing business.  For a merchant, processing *cash* costs
money, credit cards cost 1-4%, and I'm sure traveler's checks cost *something*
to handle.  I think it's a fundamental principle of financial psychology that
the resistance in going from a free service to a slightly charged service is
far higher than even a much larger increase in a service that already costs
I think the ideal fee structure for an electronic cash issuer is:
* No cost to exchange coin-for-coin.  These cost you microcents anyway.
* Minimal (zero) cost to the public to issue cash.  This could be done by
selling large blocks of tokens at cost to issuers who are already in contact
with the public, and who get some kind of tangible benefit from processing
the transaction for the customer -- a pre-existing banking relationship that
wants a value-add, a retail store, a web site with advertising, whatever.
Primary market cash issuing might have a highly regressive fee structure, to
force secondary markets to come into being, but this is not essential.
* Secondary market redemption costs which *also* go to zero due to many for the same reason as issuance.  Primary market should charge enough to
recoup redemption costs (charge for the wire transfer, or whatever), and potentially a regressive structure to help pay for operations costs.  Optionally, the issuer could link through a proprietary and cheap protocol
their own bank accounts to the redemption of cash, making it much cheaper for
customers of the issuer's bank to redeem cash.  This is related to seignorage,
if these bank accounts are at the same bank which holds the backing accounts
for the currency.
A lot of people have discussed this fee structure, and I agree with them that
it is the best.
AFAIK, Mark Twain had a somewhat opposite fee structure, and look at how
successful they were...
This model is not really the credit card model (charge per transaction), nor
it is the traveler's check model.  It is the *cash* model -- banks and cash
handling companies charge handling fees for dealing with large quantities of
paper bills.  Think of user-to-user transactions as secondary market, withdrawing cash from the bank as primary market withdrawal, and exchanging
electronic cash for fiat money as the (currently hypothetical) step of redeeming bank notes for their backing, or something similar to taking physical
cash from retailer tills and getting it deposited to a cash management account.
It is electronic *cash*, after all.

@_date: 1998-07-08 09:44:13
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: IP: "CyberCash can't oust credit cards" 
I think you can bootstrap things on "value-add" to a bank, and on seignorage,
taken together.  It is *good business* for a bank to provide a service like
this.  It is one of those services, like online banking, ATMs, ubiquitous
branch locations (mmm, BankBoston...), private banking personnel, etc. which
make customers happier.  It is a good business case for a bank.
My banks eat the foreign ATM costs as a customer value-add expense.
For the cash example, banks don't generally charge users to withdraw or
deposit money at a teller window, or at their own ATMs.  I think an online
bank dealing with electronic cash is more dealing with "internal" transactions
than with "foreign" transactions -- AFAIK, a lot of the foreign ATM charges
are charged by the foreign bank, which has no real interest in the user
doing anything but switching banks, anyway.
I argue that they had already shot their feet full of holes to the extent that
nothing they did would have saved them by that point, but Mark Twain is a complex enough example that it might be worth just ignoring.  I don't know
if their experiment will even be a footnote to the footnote to history that
is DigiCash.
I've already shown why it is in the best interest of the issuer to participate.
The next step is to convince merchants it is worth doing.  Merchants, I are willing to accept a percentage redemption fee for a new payment system
if their customers demand it.  They fundamentally want to make their customers
happy.  If a lot of customers request a new payment scheme, or they are convinced customers want to use it, they will happily use a new payment scheme.
I think resistance to new payment schemes on the part of a merchant is in cost and effort to set up.  Having a free apache commerce plugin which handles
a variety of payment systems, including electronic cash, so the systems
integration costs for adding electronic cash to an operation are zero, and
they end up being cheaper than credit cards to process -- a 1% primary market
fee, or a going-to-zero percent secondary market fee.  Or, provide non-fee
incentives for merchants to accept the system -- loyalty points, tax-free accounting in offshore bank accounts, the Amex approach of marketing merchants
who accept the system to their client base directly, etc.
For a directed payment system, going from customer to merchant to bank, then
you definitely need merchants before you can get customers, which turns this
on its head. *However*, a good electronic cash system is user-to-user, the
Mondex model, rather than DigiCash's model.  This means the system can as soon as a single pair of people want to exchange money.  People already
want to exchange money user-to-user on the net -- there's a huge unsatisfied
demand.  That's more than enough to get it in place.  Making it anonymous
adds even more incentive.
The half-life of a given dollar of digital cash will be *infinite* if there
is an expanding base of users, a cheaper secondary market for getting cash than the cash out and cash back in system, and there is never a big panic.
The holding time for a particular user might be pretty short, but I think from the beginning a large amount of money will just be left on the net, since
it's far cheaper for a consumer to buy cash from a merchant directly than
for the merchant to cash out and the user to buy them on the primary market.
I thought seignorage was a net profit for the Fed, after printing/handling.
They *do* give the Treasury a kickback for this, and I'm not sure how the actually works, but I think they pay all distribution/printing/etc. costs
themselves, and thus this is actually spare money.
It doesn't really apply here, since many of those costs are fundamentally different in the electronic cash world than in the printed cash world.
Greenspan is/was a libertarian, and would probably be ok with private banknotes putting him out of business, as long as it was better for the economy
and people as a whole.

@_date: 1998-07-20 10:32:50
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: 3DES weak because DES falls to brute-force? (was Re: John Gilmore...) 
[recipients list trimmed somewhat]
I think it is always reasonable to be cautious, but there is a point where
overcautiousness is counterproductive.  Believing 3DES weak because DES is so strong that it has thusfar withstood more analysis than any other
cipher and only falls to brute force is, I believe, one of these cases of excessive paranoia.
* Brute forcing DES with a 56-bit key took $50k in materials in today's money.
* 3DES with 3 keys is strong enough to resist everything weaker than
a 112-bit brute force attack (due to the meet-in-the-middle attack)
* Physics, as you say, is not optional.
* The notation 2**56 is two raised to the fifty sixth power.
At first approximation, doing the same thing to a 112bit 3DES problem would
require 2**56 more chips. and thus 2**56 more money, to do in the same amount of time.  My copy of gnu bc tells me this is "3602879701896396800000", or
three and a half sextillion dollars.  This is more than a billion times the
current world industrial output.
This is somewhat of a naive calculation, though.  Those chips were not
ideal.  There's a general rule about chips doubling in transistor count (and
for this application, performance) every 1.8 years.  Assuming this
rate of improvement, and let's say a random factor of a million for better
design, and a fabrication improvement rate (due to buying all your
raw-materials suppliers, them becoming more efficient, etc.) which together
with Moore's law doubles performance every year (mostly for ease of Let's assume the target is to be able to complete the calculation within
ten centuries.  It is better to wait until this is possible before
starting than to start and run a calculation for a billion years waiting for
it to catch up, as few things are of value that far in the future, and also
there is the time value of money to worry about.
Let's also place a budget cap of $20t US today's money on the problem at
the start of calculation.
(2**56)*50000/1000000 	== 3602879701896396 dollars today
1000*365/3 		== 121660 gilmore-kocher periods in a 1000 years
3602879701896396/121660 == 2961433258175568 dollars today to crack in 1000 log(2,2961433258175568) == slightly more than 51 years
So, this *highly* optimistic calculation says that even if we are willing to
assume an *incredible* performance speedup due to better technology and
vertical integration that continues unabated (and exceeds reality), *and*
we're willing to wait 1000 years for our answer, *and* are willing to spend
$20t to build the machine, it is at least 51 years before you should start.
This also doesn't take into account the incredible power consumption of
such a machine -- about half a million times more than the gilmore-kocher
machine.  I assume their chips drew 5 watts each -- it would need 3 GW, which
is a major nuclear facility with multiple reactors.  Cost of power is *not*
going down, so it's about $250 billion dollars a year in electricity, for
1000 years.
This doesn't take into account the potential for a "technology refresh"
throughout the 1000 year calculation period.  It's a long enough period of
time to make this significant.
I'd say the odds of an analytic attack against DES or a fundamental in quantum computing or something in 50 years, let alone 1050 years, are
far higher than the chances anyone would go through this much trouble.
While I agree that data intended to remain secure should be secured with
something other than 3DES, it is for the potential of a breakthrough in algorithms, not speedup in brute force techniques, which is worrisome.  Brute
force techniques are basically public knowledge.  A secret analytic breakthrough, however, could be completely black.  The solution some people
have come up with is multiple ciphers used in such a way as to be as strong
as the strongest link.  The increase in keysize is not a major issue for something intended to last this long.
If you can get a cipher which has as its weakest point a brute force attack,
you have won.  If you can get a *system* which has as its weakest point a brute
force attack on a 112 bit key, you've probably killed everyone in the world already several times over in a preemptive strike, especially everyone who ever had any knowledge of the keys or data.  Humint, monitoring hardware, etc. far more appealing than a brute force attack against any real system.

@_date: 1998-07-20 11:16:12
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: 3DES weak because DES falls to brute-force? (was Re: John Gilmore...) 
Sigh.  One should not do math before coffee.
Let's try this again:
If you assume 2^56 requires $50k and 3 days, and are willing to take
2^8 times longer and spend 2^16 times more, and want to break a 2^112 bit
key, and assume technology doubles in performance for this particular
operation per year, then the calculation is easy to do.
112 - 56 - 16 - 8 = 32
If you wait 32 years, and have *incredible* performance gains in excess of
what we have now (but which I think could be possible for worst-case crypto
breaking chips, since they have relatively little in the way of communication,
and have small units), and have a budget of 16 times what the DES cracker
had (about $3b, which is totally reasonable), and are willing to wait about
2 years, you can brute force 3DES in the year 2030.
There is still very little that is relevant in 32 years, and there is still
a far better chance that some analytic attack will be discovered, a fundamental
breakthrough in computation will happen, etc. before that time.
112 bits is below the "physical impossibility" point as far as key size goes
(I like the calculation based on free energy in the universe in Applied Chapter 7 in Applied Crypto is probably a far better analysis than mine,
especially as it includes the caveat emptor section.
Perhaps it is correct, "It's time to bring on those 128, 192, and 256-bit at least for some systems, although I'd definitely prefer multiple ciphers
separately keyed with long keys than n-DES for such long-term use.
Calculating future key lengths really *is* a losing game.

@_date: 1998-09-07 23:43:42
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Cypherpunks HyperArchive 
The machine suffered either disk controller or HDD problems as I was
logged into it.  It is located in Boston, MA.  I do not currently have
a way of getting to the machine to repair it, and this will likely
continue to be true, so until I can get one of the people I know at
the site where the machine is located to fix it, the archives will be
offline.  If the machine cannot be fixed, I will put the archive up
elsewhere.  I believe hugh at toad.com copied the entire archive at some
point, so that might be helpful.
Sorry about this -- replicated servers are always a good idea.

@_date: 1998-09-07 23:50:27
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Archives? What archives? 
I had an archive on sof.mit.edu, but shortly after I left Boston, MA, US
where the machine is located, the HDD on the machine (or the controller)
died, and I'm still trying to get one of my former housemates to repair it.
I'm currently in the wrong country to fix the drive, and don't expect to
be back.
I prepared the CD-ROMs for sale (I had a CD-R on the machine), and posted
several times offering to sell them, but no one ever actually sent me
the money.  Actually, a small number of people did, and I sold them, but
I don't remember who they were.
I also don't have particularly good backups of that machine.  I think
someone mirrored it at toad.com before it died, so they're probably not
lost forever.  I don't have a machine with free bandwidth from which
to host it, though, until sof.mit.edu is back on the net.  I may be
sending the HDD out to a drive recovery company anyway for the other
data on the drive.
This was an amateurish hobby server of mine, and not a production-grade
service, so people shouldn't complain too much that I didn't invest the
money in quality replication.

@_date: 1998-09-08 22:32:28
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
Does anyone know of any countries with more reasonable gun laws than the
US?  I vaguely think Israel and Switzerland are better, at least for citizens.
It is one of the major problems I have with Anguilla -- "guns are bad".
I miss my M1A.
I mostly have two classes of guns I'd like to have: air pistol, for
practice and competition, and military-style semiautomatic rifles, for
practice and long-term defense.  Self-defense handguns and shotguns
are somewhat optional.
A country like Switzerland seems ideal, at least as a citizen, given
the reserve requirements.  Mmmm, a nice Hammerli air pistol and
a shiny new HK PSG-1 would make me forget about the M1A I left behind, very
quickly.  Especially with a good daylight scope and an IR scope...  Only
$30k or so for the package with 10k rounds of national match ammo.

@_date: 1998-09-09 04:19:49
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
AFAIK, none, unless you include "people who bribe the government of
some of these countries" as "sheeple".  International waters might work,
if you can find a flag which allows you to keep weapons on your ship,
which AFAIK is rare these days.  Some of the independent non-BDTs
like St. Kitts and Nevis, Antigua, etc. might be better for this than
Anguilla has the benefit of being small and stable, such that you're less
likely to need a gun.  I seriously doubt if the 60 police officers on
Anguilla could be organized to do a Waco-style offensive in any case.
This isn't an ideal situation, but is pretty reasonable for now.
Israel is *definitely* not on my "list of places I'd go to avoid trouble",
no matter what kind of weaponry I were permitted by virtue of being
non-Arab and Western.  Tel Aviv being a political target for the Palestians, Jerusalem being a target with definite style points for
others, and Armageddon having additional style points for the first
private nuclear detonation -- three targets in one tiny country, oh joy.
I'd feel safer in Washington DC.

@_date: 1998-09-11 09:04:17
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: cypherpunks archive 
(Looks like I left at about the right time...)
I'm definitely planning to bring the archive back now that it seems
worthwhile, but I'm highly tempted to move it outside the US.  I'm
giving somone a few more days trying to fix it, and if that fails,
I'll restore the drive physically.  (the problem is that my agent in
the US is being slow, and I'm a bit low on cash after moving hastily...)
Anyone have 1gb of disk space on a machine, optionally with root access,
on a machine with unmetered network access outside the US on which I
could put the archive?
I can put the archive here in AI, but I'll have to charge per megabyte,
as my t1 is metered-use :(  It would end up being something on the order of
$0.50/MB for total traffic, and unfortunately there are no good payment
systems for that kind of thing right now.

@_date: 1998-09-19 15:37:04
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: ArcotSign (was Re: Does security depend on hardware?) 
[from a discussion of tamper-resistant hardware for payment systems
on dbs at philodox.com, a mailing list dedicated to digital bearer systems,
where Scott Loftesness, of DigiCash and Arcot Systems, mentioned ArcotSign.]
You mentioned the URL for Arcot, and I looked at the site.  It seems
rather lacking in technical details, and makes a very strong claim --
that it can provide tamper resistance in software on a hardware/OS/etc.
platform which is generally hostile (a general purpose computer).
I noticed that there are some big name cryptographers signed on as advisors -- Hellman and Schneier, who make some pretty glowing comments about the product.  I'm not generally swayed by anything but mathematics, physics, and logic when it comes to cryptography and security, despite generally agreeing with the analyses of those I can see a couple of ways you could approximate real security using untrusted hardware -- either a one time password system retained by
the user (I've investigated this in the past, and it generally ends
up being a hardware token or a printed book of codes), or a remote
system like Kerberos where there exist out of band key protection mechanisms, or it's not real security.  I'd love to be convinced
otherwise, particularly if the technology will be available for
others to license.
I also noticed that the system is patent pending -- this would seem
to rule out the existing hardware token/one time pad system, or the
Kerberos-style central authentication server releasing security credentials
when presented with a passphrase system, as there are decades of prior
art in each encompassing all reasonable variations.  I guess this means it's
something new and interesting -- I'm sure everyone would be interested
in details.
Of course, in any system where all you do is authenticate yourself
to a remote system, but you're not provided with a link directly
between the user and the remote authority guaranteeing Confidentiality, Integrity, and Authentication, you can't really
make any claims other than that the user has authenticated herself
to some server -- any transactions the user could do are subject to
a man in the middle attack, so while the user has successfully authenticated
themselves to a remote server, and signed that *some* transaction
is acceptable, there's really no legal assurance that the user has signed
*any particular transaction*.  This is far weaker than the promise
of trusted hardware, where you could have a guarantee that as long as
the protocol hasn't been violated, the user has authorized a *particular*
transaction.  This may be acceptable for authenticating access to
an online retail banking web site, or corporate information, but it
would not be sufficient for an actual payment system (DBS, account
based, or other).
Always interested in learning something new which would chance my assumptions,
rdl at mit.edu
