
@_date: 2013-12-25 13:19:18
@_author: Randolph 
@_subject: [cryptography] The next gen P2P secure email solution 
References: Anyone looked at BitMail p2p ?
2013/12/24 grarpamp

@_date: 2013-12-26 16:16:17
@_author: Randolph 
@_subject: [cryptography] The next gen P2P secure email solution 
References: Hi Garpamp and Adrelanos,
I agree with you too!.. as I am not affiliated with BitMail, .. all that is
needed, you request.  It seems to be a model like waste.sf.net out as a
reference. The difference maybe is, I tried to evalute it, and we could
share experience. Anyway.., it is definately a p2p email model. Regards
2013/12/25 grarpamp If you need hosting for code,

@_date: 2013-07-30 07:01:02
@_author: Randolph D. 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] BitMail - p2p Email 0.1. beta 
- Secure P2P Email from Friend to Friend without relying on a central
   server.
   - Key- / Repleo-Exchange.
   - Full decentral Email-Network using the Echo Protocol.
   - Store Email for Offline-Friends in the P2P Network.
   - Chat and Instant Messaging is build in. Define & Add your friends.
   - Strong e2e Multi-Encryption (PGP-kind/AES over SSL: using
   - Libspoton Integration.
   - Additional Security Layer with the GB-Feature for Emails.
   - Preventing Data Retention (VDS). WoT-less.
   - HTTP & HTTPS Connections.
   - Open Source. BSD License.
anyone with a Server? Key?

@_date: 2014-04-22 19:56:30
@_author: Randolph 
@_subject: [cryptography] The next gen P2P secure email solution 
References: *Anonymous Email based on virtual institutions*
What about this model? In a network you send your public email encryption
key to an "virtual institution".
The institution is defined by a name (e.g. AES string) and postal address
(e.g. hash key). Having this information added to your node, all your email
to you or from you will be stored in the virtual email provider
institution. This detaches your nodes IP and encrpytion key from the
institution. That means, care-off (c/o) institutions will be able to house
3rd-party e-mail without needing to distribute their own public keys.
To create a post office for your friends, two methods exist:
1) Define a common neighbor (e.g Alice and Bob connect to a common
webserver as node, and all three have email encryption keys shared), then
the webserver stores the emails, even if Alice or Bob are offline.
2) Or/additionally: Create an virtual institution and add the email key of
a friend to your node. In case your friend adds the magnet link (which
contains name and address of the virtual institution, aka AES key and Hash
key) for the institution as well to his node, the institution will save all
emails for him (as well from senders, which are not registered at the
virtual institution).
A Magnet Link allows to share the virtual institution easily. The magnet
Uri would look like:
With this method an email provider can be build without data retention and
with the advantage of detached email encrpytion keys from node´s IP
addresses. Next to TCP, you can use as well UDP and SCTP as protocol.
Virtual Institutions (VI) have been - due to the homepage - introduced by
the lib-version 0.9.04 of  email and chat application.
If we understand this right, now everyone can create an email provider
without data retention just as a service for friends. In case in a network
of connected nodes everyone uses "gmail" as VI-name and "dotcom" as
VI-address, everyone will host everyone for email, while all remains
encrypted..  could be a nice net or p2p model in a testing.

@_date: 2014-07-22 18:54:49
@_author: Randolph 
@_subject: web based shared secret symmetric encryption application 
References: <53CE7F9D.9000808
hi, you might want to have a look at the "Email Institution" Function
of this enables you to create within a p2p email system a virtual host,
which is hosting your key and message.
so the storage is not an encrypted apache, but a virtual institution
email provider on the network.
This is not browserbased, but clientbased. you can evaluate it within
a cryptoparty at Marseille.
In case this is not the fuction you want, you might want to look at
the Rosetta CryptoPad, which is encrypting the message and then you
can post it in any pastebin and your friend can grabb it there at any
time and decrypt. so this can be done in a browser.
Regards Randolph
2014-07-22 17:13 GMT+02:00 Cryptoparty Marseille :

@_date: 2014-09-18 16:30:50
@_author: Randolph 
@_subject: Bittorrent Bleep 
References: Bleep is not open source
The DHT is hammering the mobiel battery, it can be more regarded as a
tool to support the DHT, because torrent users are going down.
So encryption is not their goal, but keeping the userbase.
The mobile menu has a quite good process to decide each step, if you
want to provide email or phone number or not.
In case you do, you send all your ID credentials to a central server,
as well not open source.
THEN, the mobile does not allow to copy any key out, only a QR code in
case two persons are present to each other, but you cannot e-mail your
online-ID-Key to another participant, so you are very fast back at the
method to provide them your phone number and email address.
They want to map you. The encryption is totally unknown. It works like
unencrypted. Do they use authentication? do they have a Mac? how long
is the hash? do they use a salt? can the Chat be end-to-end encrypted
by a smmetric key?
Totally useless if not open source and hammering the battery. Why is
there no mobile version of the encrypted  ??
2014-09-18 14:22 GMT+02:00 Александр :

@_date: 2014-09-19 05:57:11
@_author: Randolph 
@_subject: Bittorrent Bleep 
References: Hi Grarpamp
uh? The post was just, that bleep messenger is not open source and I
would not use it.
Instead there is firefloo as open source and it has binaries to
download, which I evaluated. A mobile version of that would be cool,
but I cannot compile this.
The website seems to be run by the QXMPP developer. If you want to
build it yourself, I think the developers added the information here
or for the used library I think here
as I have never compiled firefloo, I can try to do that with Qt and if
successful provide a script after the weekend, but dont relay on me
for that. But if possible, I send it to you. Regards
2014-09-19 5:19 GMT+02:00 grarpamp :

@_date: 2014-09-19 17:06:38
@_author: Randolph 
@_subject: compiling bleep 
Hi Grarpamp,
the point was that I would not use bleep messenger from bittorrent, as
it is not open source. Others like the one you did a research on might
be worth for further testings, either by the binaries or - you seem to
be keen on to - compile it yourself.  I cannot help you with compile
firefloo messenger on linux or windows, as I have not done this yet.
Why don' t you test the binaries? The source and the binaries might
not be machting from hash, because if you know source projects, the
source might be corrected on one or two files even when the binaries
have been build. So better build the software from source and use your
own binaries. I would suggest to build the crypto core first, which is
spot-on. Regards
1) I guess you use windows.
2a) download the source from either the download files
File: Spot-On.d.tar.gz
2b) or use the SVN url to be current:
svn checkout svn://svn.code.sf.net/p/spot-on/code/ spot-on-code
3) install Qt.io
Use Version 5.3.1
Qt 5.3.2 for Windows 32-bit (MinGW 4.8.2, OpenGL, 737 MB)
configure it correctly
4a) use the comand line app from Qt
and here you use these commands:
qmake -o Makefile spot-on.pro
4b) or use better  the creator app from Qt. this is very convenient,
so I describe this way further:
Load the file "spot-on.win.qt5.pro" with the Creator. It is the .pro
file for the kernel. Under windows it also loads the
spot-on-gui.win.qt5.pro, which is the .pro file for the gui. (Under
linux you might need to pic up both and compile both).
5) click the green forward icon to compile the pro file (for release
and pro-gui), in the Creator. the compile runs and shows the app.
6.) Enter password, generate keys and connect to the project server in
Neighbours tab: tulip.cloud.tilaa.com 4710
7) Ask a friend to do the same or to use the binaries: exchange keys,
and chat. Done. All is encrypted and you never need to exchange keys.
Hope this helps to use Qt. It is very easy.
2014-09-19 13:37 GMT+02:00 grarpamp :
