
@_date: 1996-04-02 21:44:00
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Ecash Article in ID 
This is a resend, but my subject didn't match the content in the last send
Found an interesting article on Ecash in Industrial (Internatioal) Design.
Karrie Jacobs
ID March/April 96
Regards,            Those who would have nothing to do with thorns must                     never attempt to gather flowers.
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      0C 69 D4 E8 F2 70 24 33  B4 5E 5E EC 35 E6 FB 88

@_date: 1996-04-03 16:57:53
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: New Internet Security Survey 
LAS VEGAS, Nevada, April 1 (Reuter) - The overwhelming  majority of America's top corporate high tech users will have implemented some Internet strategy over the next 12 months, although worries over security and distracted workers persist.          A survey of 500 leading U.S. networking users found that 89  percent expect to have implemented strategies for using Internet technologies in internal corporate networks -- known as intranets -- by the end of the next 12 months.          But 70 percent believe employees use the Internet for  entertainment on company time and 54 percent are worried about the security of information they exchange over the Internet.          A preview of the Network World 500 Internet study  "Networking in the Cyber Age," jointly conducted by Network World and International Data Corp, was due to be released here on Tuesday at the NetWorld+Interop trade show.          A significant portion of respondents -- 28 percent --  already make some use of Internet or intranet applications for making transactions in electronic commerce with customers, while 48 percent plan to do so in the next 12 months.          "As networking enters the cyber age, it will create new  electronic commerce oppertunities on the Internet, increasing general acceptance and demand," Network World president and chief executive Colin Ungaro said in a statement.          Among the top five general Internet trends, 83 percent of  respondents said they use the Internet for communications -- email and file sharing, while 78 percent said they use it for research, such as accessing electronic information.          A majority of 55 percent said they access the Internet  several times a day, and that most spend five to 30 minutes per session on-line using the global computer network.          An overwhelming majority of 85 percent of respondents said  they have Web servers in their organizations for Internet applications, and 73 percent for intranet use -- while 88 percent said new services will make public carriers more important to their company's enterprise network strategies.          Fully 69 percent said they have remote access to local area  networks for more than 200 employees.          "The study demonstrates how quickly corporate America has  become acclimated to Internet technologies," said John Gallant, editor-in-chief of Network World.          The annual telephone survey polled 500 U.S. network users  whose companies have internetworked local area networks and wide area networks and annual network expenditures of more than $5 million, with more than 1,000 employees.          -- Silicon Valley Bureau +1 415 462 2610  Regards,            Those who would have nothing to do with thorns must                     never attempt to gather flowers.
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      0C 69 D4 E8 F2 70 24 33  B4 5E 5E EC 35 E6 FB 88

@_date: 1996-04-10 07:56:53
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Bank transactions on Internet 
I brought this up with SFNB a month or so ago (when I opened my
account) and the word then was that client side certificates would be
avaible within a month or so, my time guestimate (based on what they were
saying) was half-a-year.
        Let's hope so, I am not keeping significant funds in that account
until I have a certificate.
        I hope Eric Young does attempt to crack a 40-bit SFNB session as he
mentioned on cpx today.
        I suspected this, and was further exposed because of a common
problem with using Netscape and the like from student accounts (with a big
10M quota), say on MIT's athena, where I like my disk cache to reside in the
workstations /tmp . I wipe(d) it whenever I log out, but I'm sure others
sprinkled their passwords in a million "public" cache's before SFNB stuck
the tag no-cache tag in. OBJava: do java applets have access to the cache, would it be possible to
write one of the little nasties that keep an eye on the cache?
        Indeed! How many people use their easily crack "ftp:/etc/passwds"
password for SFNB?
Regards,            The best way to have a good                     idea is to have lots of ideas. - Linus Pauling
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-04-20 05:31:15
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Nym Server Questions and Remailer Suggestion 
1. Do the nym servers lie about the times of being sent?
2. Do they automatically latantize messages? I get an very quick response
from a nym server, and a very quick response from the remailer, but a
message to the nym identity (which goes through both) takes a long time
*. For the purpose of mitigating traffic analysis, has anyone considered
creating a "delete-me" redirect, hence I could send a few messages to a nym
server that I know won't go anywhere, but I can hide my traffic in that
stream. Also, nym servers could ping each other and send delete-me redirects
admist all the jumble of the normal redirects. An easy solution is to send
incorrectly encrypted messages which are thrown away regardless.
Regards,            I am a creationist; I refuse to believe that I could have
                    evolved from humans.
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-04-22 05:48:15
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: (Privacy) Stop unwanted email 
Huh, can I ask who you purchased this list from and how much was my
privacy bought/sold for? (I might have sold it cheaper! )
Regards,            I am a creationist; I refuse to believe that I could have
                    evolved from humans.
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-04-28 17:03:27
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: (FYI) Fraud On The Internet 
Regards,            I, man, am regal; a German am I
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-02 09:22:34
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: NRC Cryptography Report: The Text of the Recommendations 
They have influence in that their reports have a fair amount of
credibility with the extra boost of NAS's "scientific authority." If one
wanted to distinguish what they do with what the OTA did for instance, one
could say that while the OTA generally had a very smart/competent staff (and
had a turbulent, poorly managed history and political troubles) the NRC has
the strength in that it is non-governmental and has the shroud of
"scientific neutrality" about it it could hope to pull from its parent
organization, the NAS.
        The NAS and NRC have interesting histories, the NAS was an honorary
society that had some fundings for it snuck into an appropriations bill back
in 1863, but generally it was not supported by the government aside from
specific "contract" studies which the Congress might ask for. The NRC (known
as the NDRC) was created as an advisory council under NAS to help the
government with munitions research and development during WWI. Since, they
conduct hoc scientific/policy studies to investigate a topic on Congress's
behalf. Their "Realizing the Information Future" that came out a couple of
years ago was highly regarded. For history on these topics I recommend:
Hunter Dupree, Sciene in the Federal Government: A History to 1940, Harper &
Row, 1974.
Bruce L. R. Smith, American Science Policy Since World War II, Brookings
Institution, 1990.
National Research Council
   NRC Logo
   The National Research Council was organized by the National Academy of
   Sciences in 1916 to associate the broad community of science and
   technology with the Academy's purposes of further knowledge and
   advising the federal government. Functioning in accordance with
   general policies determined by the Academy, the National Research
   Council has become the principal operating agency of both the National
   Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering in
   providing services to the government, the public, and the scientific
   and engineering communities. The National Research Council is
   administered jointly by both Academies and the Institute of Medicine.
   Dr. Bruce M. Alberts is the chairman of the National Research Council.
Regards,            Real generosity toward the future lies in giving                     all to the present. - Albert Camus
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-06 11:55:37
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: A.Word.A.Day--seigniorage 
Regards,            Real generosity toward the future lies in giving                     all to the present. - Albert Camus
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-06 16:06:41
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: ICE - International Cryptography Experiment 
I've seen some mention of international cryptographic CAPI issues, and I
think it is of great importance. However, I don't think many people have had
a chance to look at the actual work. Check out ICE. Those familiar with
cyberpunk fiction will no doubt find the ancronym as humorous/ironic as I do
The International Cryptography Experiment (ICE) calls for a series of
experiments to promote the international use of cryptography in common
computer software applications (i.e., word processors, spreadsheets,
electronic mail systems) in a manner that honors individual national
controls on the import, export, and use of cryptography. The general
approach being advocated by numerous organizations in several countries is
the use of a Cryptographic Application Programming Interface (CAPI) to
separate the actual performance of the cryptographic functions from the
software applications that call for encryption of specific messages or
files. ICE is an informally structured program to coordinate the many
efforts underway in the U.S and several other countries to advance the
general understanding of CAPIs and their use to promote international
cryptography. It is intended that practical standards derived from actual
use will evolve from these experiments in the spirit by which Internet
standards evolve.  .
Regards,            Real generosity toward the future lies in giving                     all to the present. - Albert Camus
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-06 17:35:18
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: National Bank Brings Internet CyberCash To Canada 06/05/96 
Regards,            Real generosity toward the future lies in giving                     all to the present. - Albert Camus
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-10 13:06:20
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Gore opposes unwarranted'' Internet censorship 
Sounds good but I had to laugh when I heard it... is he at odds with
other members of the administration, or is this rhetoric?
Regards,            Real generosity toward the future lies in giving                     all to the present. - Albert Camus
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-14 08:38:08
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: PBS show 
I thought so too? When is part II coming on? (I hope it didn't come
right after that, I had to run.) Next week?
        Ahhh... it makes them happy. What I find most unnapealing is the
unabashed, "I don't have a life, I live with a computer" mentality. I was
rather taken with that mentality myself for a bit (and I'm sure it
contributed to the RSI), but even then I would have found it painfully
difficult to only associate with one "culture" and only do one thing all day
long. Maybe "nerds" over do it, but they do do other things, like play
magic, or assasin, D&D, or whatever.  And the most
interesting/brilliant computer people that I run into _have_ other interests
beyond computers.
        The thing that startled me, was the contrary temporal perspective.
Watching it I felt like, "Hey! I remeber that, I used an Apple II in
kindergarden to write LOGO," or though I didn't have an Altair, I had a
Bailey Arcade. No one here probably remembers, but it was a kick ass game
playing (the best at the time) and programmable machine. I remember
belonging to a mailing-list club and getting a thick envolope of type
written code that I'd dutifully punch into a calculator like entry pad. (All
~20 keys for quadrupely overloaded!!) The cool thing was it had cool (c-64
like) peeks and pokes and you could call a plethora of the pregenerated
graphical things from your own code. Then there was always saving it to the
audio tape...  Ok, so that is the nostalgia bit (hey I remember that),
the other bit was a, wow that was a long time ago. Looking at PC-history
always feels like a contradiction in time.
Regards,            Laziness is no more than the habit of resting before you
                    get tired. -Jules Renard
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-14 09:59:13
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Clinton Backs Internet 'Decency Act' 
At odds with what gore said.....
Regards,            Laziness is no more than the habit of resting before you
                    get tired. -Jules Renard
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-14 10:27:32
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Students Beware -- Fla. gov. questions jailing of researcher 
Regards,            Laziness is no more than the habit of resting before you
                    get tired. -Jules Renard
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-15 10:07:31
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: PBS show 
Just commenting on the niceness of the existence of floppies, I
remember when I got a floppy for the C-64 I was floored. I'd been dumping my
code to audio tape (record it once, change the volume a little, record it
again, change the treble a little, etc. about 3 times to be sure it was on
the tape) for years! Even the c-64's slow drives were FAST in comparison to
sitting by the tape recorder listening for a break in screechy noise to hear
me say "pong 3" or something.  I could store 10 tapes worth of stuff
on a floppy nearly instaneaously, and access it randomly! And once I got the
little cartridge (mach 5) which blanked the screen during floppy access (one
of the major reasons, among other things, the c-64 was so slow) it was like
lightening... Regards,            The lust for comfort murders the passions                     of the soul. -Kahlil Gibran
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-16 07:32:45
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: [Noise] Re: Clinton Backs Internet 'Decency Act' 
I don't see how necessarily. (1) He supports the bill, and (2) he
thinks the bill is within the realm of constitutionality, his statement is
rather weak, but I think if you take the two points above, their summation
is obvious and _is_ contrary to the bravado of Gore's MIT commencement
speech. This is not to say he could very well back off to save face, which
is what he is starting to do, and I hope he continues to do...  Statement by President Clinton in reaction to Court Decision
                             THE WHITE HOUSE
                      Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                                       June 12, 1996
                         STATEMENT BY THE PRESIDENT
The Justice Department is reviewing today's three judge panel court
decision on the Communications Decency Act.  The opinion just came down
today, and the statute says we have twenty days to make an appeal.
I remain convinced, as I was when I signed the bill, that our Constitution
allows us to help parents by enforcing this Act to prevent children from
being exposed to objectionable material transmitted though computer
networks.  I will continue to do everything I can in my Administration to
give families every available tool to protect their children from these
materials. For example, we vigorously support the development and
widespread availability of products that allow both parents and schools to
block objectionable materials from reaching computers that children use.
And we also support the industry's accelerating efforts to rate Internet
sites so that they are compatible with these blocking techniques.
                               -30-30-30-
Regards,            Democracy is where you can say what you think                     even if you don't think. -?
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-17 12:07:06
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Does information want to be free? 
I am amused (though I am not taking sides) by the general lack of
attention or rhetoric that "crypto-anarchists"/"crypherpunks"/whatever,
otherwise privacy respecting people, usually espouse.
        If someone found out all the medical information of cypherpunks list
members and distributed about the Net, how would people feel? (This is a
rhetorical question, and I am familiar and agree with some of the arguments
regarding public interest, public figures, copyright isn't a privacy
protecting mechanism, yada yada yada. Just something to think about, what if
large corporations, public interest groups, lobbeys, or governments can use
this as a precedent against "us".)
Regards,            Democracy is where you can say what you think                     even if you don't think. -?
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-20 08:27:57
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Safemail 
Maybe it is GOST. Schneir covers it, and there is a white paper on
it at the b_crypt site.
Regards,            Democracy is where you can say what you think                     even if you don't think. -
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-03-16 05:02:16
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Internet Security Worskhop Call for Papers 
Reply-To: papers at rpcp.mit.edu
                      CALL FOR PAPERS
           INTERNET PRIVACY AND SECURITY WORKSHOP
                   Haystack Observatory, MA
                      May 20-21, 1996
              Privacy and Security Working Group
                   Federal Networking Council
            Research Program on Communications Policy
    Center for Technology, Policy, and Industrial Development
              Massachusetts Institute of Technology
The Privacy and Security Working Group (PSWG) of the Federal  Networking Council (FNC) and the Research Program on Communications  Policy of the Center for Technology, Policy, and Industrial Development at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology will hold an invitational workshop at the Haystack Observatory outside of Boston, MA, on May 20-21, 1996. This workshop is intended to bring
Federal, academic and private sector participants together in
collaboration to develop strategies and potential solutions related to Internet privacy and security.
Though a principal focus of the workshop will be on the Federal  portion of the Internet, the FNC recognizes that the Federal  Internet is tightly coupled with the Global Internet, whose security  policies, practices, and goals are complementary to those of the  Federal Government. To define those practices, procedures and goals,  the PSWG has undertaken two major initiatives:
- The Federal Internet Security Plan (FISP), which was    developed as a scalable, continual improvement process, based on    common principles and mechanisms compatible with Internet community    values and needs; and
- The Collaborations in Internet Security (CIS) project, an    effort aimed at testing the strength of agency approaches to    security and moving these technologies beyond individual agency    networking environments and into both inter-agency and    agency-commercial sector communications. The CIS will result in the    development of a new and sustainable process for developing,    integrating, and deploying security technologies that are    interoperable at all levels of the Federal government and within the    commercial and academic sectors.
These initiatives are intended to highlight the critical interface  between Federal and commercial users and developers of Internet  services and technologies.
This workshop will bring together principal players in the Federal  and overall Internet community to discuss the problems and  challenges of privacy and security on the Internet, and will:
- Identify critical issues, requirements, and recommendations    related to future Internet privacy and security research and    development efforts;
- Describe "best practice" approaches to Internet privacy and    security;
- Develop specific strategies for implementing Internet    Security programs involving all sectors of the Internet community;
- Extend the Federal Internet Security Plan (FISP) by    defining specific implementations; and finally,
- Develop specific strategies for the migration of    technologies from the individual RFC unit test stage to the    integration of a complete functional managed system in the CIS    test/demonstration/pilot projects.
Abstracts or complete paper drafts related to the topics listed  above are welcome.  Accepted papers will be a part of the published  record of the workshop.  All points of view on Federal policies  affecting Internet privacy and security are welcome. Please make  all electronic submissions in ASCII format.
For further information or to submit an abstract or paper contact:
     Internet Security and Privacy Workshop c/o Joseph Reagle
     Research Program on Communications Policy
     Massachusetts Institute of Technology
     One Amherst St. (E40-218)
     Cambridge, MA 02139
     Voice: (617) 253-4138.
     Fax:   (617) 253-7326
     papers at rpcp.mit.edu
SCHEDULE and DEADLINES
Call for papers - March 14, 1996
Abstracts Due   - April 14, 1996
Invitations to Participants - April 20, 1996
Revised/Completed papers due - May 19, 1996
Workshop - May 20-21, 1996
Participation in the workshop is by invitation, based primarily on  submitted papers and abstracts.  Additional individuals may be  invited to ensure that participation reflects a broad cross-section  of the Internet community.
PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Dennis Branstad - Trusted Information Systems (TIS)
Rich Pethia - Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT)
Jeffrey Schiller - Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
Richard Solomon - Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
Rick Stevens - Department of Energy /Argonne National Labs (DOE)
STEERING COMMITTEE
Stephen Squires, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency                  (FNC/PSWG Co-Chair)
Dennis Steinauer, National Institute of Standards and Technology                   (FNC/PSWG Co-Chair)
Tice DeYoung, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
Phillip Dykstra, Army Research Laboratory (ARL)
Mike Green, National Security Agency (NSA)
George Seweryniak, Department of Energy (DOE)
Walter Wiebe, Federal Networking Council (FNC)
Federal Internet Security Plan: In September 1995, the PSWG  published the draft Federal Internet Security Plan (FISP).  The FISP  is oriented toward a scalable, continual improvement process, based  on common principles and mechanisms compatible with Internet  community values and needs.  See .  The  plan addresses Internet security requirements, including  interoperability, from the perspective of the goals and objectives  outlined in the National Performance Review (NPR),     The Federal Networking Council developed  this framework in conjunction with its Advisory Committee which  represents industry, academia, and non-profit sectors.
Action Items, from the FISP, to be addressed during the Workshop:
Internet Security Policy and Policy Support Activities
* Establish overall Internet security policies
* Address security in all Federally supported NII pilots
* Coordinate Internet community involvement
* Establish an ongoing Internet threat database and assessment   capability
* Identify legal and law enforcement issues
Internet Security and Technology Development
* Develop an Internet security maturity model
* Develop Internet security architecture
* Enhance Internet security services and protocols
* Develop a "Secure-Out-of-the-Box" endorsement
* Enhance application security
Internet Security Infrastructure
* Establish a set of Internet security interoperability testbeds
* Support privacy, authentication, certificate, and security    services pilots
* Establish Internet security testing and evaluation capabilities
* Improve security incident handling capabilities
* Develop security self-assessment capabilities
* Establish effective secure software and document distribution    mechanisms
Education and Awareness
* Compile Internet user and site profiles
* Encourage use of available security technologies
* Establish an Internet security information server
* Establish an Internet security symposium/workshop series
* Establish an Internet security fellowship program
Collaborations in Internet Security: With the Federal government's  ever-increasing dependency on computers and distributed systems,  there is great urgency for it to develop and employ enhanced  information system security technologies and practices. At the same  time, these Federal technologies must interoperate with those of the  broader Internet community (encompassing the private and academic  sectors, along with the Federal sector).
In recognition of these needs, the Federal Networking Council's  Privacy & Security Working Group (FNC/PSWG) has been awarded a  National Performance Review (NPR) Innovation Fund grant to compare  and validate agency approaches to security. This Collaborations in  Internet Security (CIS) project aims to test the strength of these  technologies beyond individual agency networking environments,  emphasizing the inter-agency and agency-commercial sector  communications. The CIS will result in the development of a new and  sustainable process for developing, integrating, and deploying  security technology that is interoperable at all levels of the  Federal Government and within the commercial and academic sectors.
The governing principles behind the Security Testbeds include:  employment of an open process (with the activities and results open  to participation and comment by both public and private sector  participants); a focus on multivendor technologies; an emphasis on  testing and experimentally deploying security technologies emerging  from research and private sectors as well as security technologies  currently in use in the commercial environment; and an underlying  objective to ensure interoperability among the broad Internet  community (federal, private, and academic). Initial tests will  include demonstrations of Kerberos v.5, testing of single-use  passwords, and digital signatures. For more information, please see

@_date: 1996-04-01 13:03:07
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Netscape Navigator 3.0 beta 
Found an interesting article on Ecash in Industrial (Internatioal) Design.
Karrie Jacobs
ID March/April 96
Regards,            Those who would have nothing to do with thorns must                     never attempt to gather flowers.
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      0C 69 D4 E8 F2 70 24 33  B4 5E 5E EC 35 E6 FB 88

@_date: 1996-05-03 13:41:47
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Best Digital Signature Lib from a WEB server 
Can anyone recommend a signature implementation for cgi/forms? For
instance, someone registers on a WEB site and gets a signed receipt back.
(No cookies or such, because the receipt will be show to 3rd party members.)
I'm thinking in terms of self-labeling and PICS like work. The PICS Label
Syntax and Communication Protocols mentions that Jim Bidzos has agree to
allow RSAREF to be available to PICS developers at no cost. Has anyone tried
this, or actually implemented a scheme like this?
Regards,            I, man, am regal; a German am I
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-04 10:19:31
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Here is some E-Commerce Info. 
Tons of it on every topic:
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-07 19:06:41
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Georgia Internet Police 
X-within-URL:                               [IMAGE]       Needed: a first-rate lawyer who'll fight the Internet Police law in
      court. Click below on the "How We Can Educate" link for more info on
      constructive actions.       Return to NetWorld! Book | Other Musing on Intellectual Property
      How We Can Educate Pols, Olympic Boosters and Other Georgians | Links of
      Interest
      Contest: Write the Best "Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia" Parody
      The Internet Police Law: The Day the Sites Went Out in Georgia?
     David H. Rothman | rothman at clark.net
     Linking your Web site to anyone else's without permission? Be glad
     you're not in Georgia--or be worried if you are.
     Gov. Zell Miller on the morning of April 18 signed into a law a
     piece of imbecility that the Marietta Daily Journal had dubbed the
     Internet Police bill.
     House Bill 1630 may prevent Webfolk from linking from their
     homepages against the wishes of the linkees--at least if the other
     guys' names or logos are used.
     Is 1630 a belated April Fool's joke? I've heard of Net-dumb pols,
     but Georgia has out-Exoned Exon--and maybe even out-Doled Dole.
     Shari Steele, an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation,
     wrote Gov. Miller before the signing: "The language of the bill
     would make it illegal to create a button on our web site with
     Wired's 'trade name' or 'logo' without first obtaining 'permission
     or authorization' from Wired magazine." Whoops: oh, please,
     Wired--don't sue me. Actually that would be the state's job; you
     see, the law would let Georgia throw your posterior in jail for up
     to a year.
     Live out of state? As of this writing it was unclear how much of a
     danger extradition would pose--maybe none, given the lunacy of the
     law. Then again, there are rumors that California and other states
     may replicate Georgia's stupidity.
     The morning the Guv signed the bill, I dropped by the State of
     Georgia Home Page. Under "Search Engines and other Web Services" I
     saw a link to Yahoo. I'm glad the Georgia folks can use Yahoo from
     down there, rather than having to start their own. Imagine Yahoo
     needing permission for every link with a trademarked name. And what
     about a page displaying the results of a Lycos search? Now that
     would be fun. Can you imagine the Lycos computer e-mailing every
     site brought up--asking permission--before it listed Web addresses?
     I visited Zell Miller's Web area. Without the least irony, a
     headline read: "Governor Miller's Technology Initiatives Thrive."
     The page bragged about computers in classrooms. Just don't let the
     little brats grow up to start Yahoo Kudzu.
     According to the EFF, the same law might make it illegal even to
     mention a company's name on the Web without permission. True? Just
     imagine what this could mean to an online newspaper reviewing
     another publication's Web site. Already a software company outside
     Georgia has used existing intellectual property law to bully a
     reviewer. I've said it once, and I'll say it again: The media are
     damned fools if they support intellectual property zealotry of the
     kind we've seen out of Capitol Hill recently. Goodbye, First
     Amendment. These are national issues, alas, not just problems with
     the Georgia drinking water.
     If nothing else, I suspect that the good folks at the AT&T
     Business Network--the ones who run LeadStory.com, a collection of
     the day's hottest stories from online newspapers--may have some
     thoughts on the Georgia bill. To add to the fun, when I dropped by
     Cox Newspapers' big Web site for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, I
     saw a "Surf Less. Know More" ad from LeadStory.com.
     At the Atlanta site's Net News I just happened to read a report on
     a trademark infringement suit that BellSouth had filed against the
     an Internet directory called the Real InterNet Pages. Hmmm. Any
     connections here with the new law? And simply because BellSouth's
     print directories use the trademarked phrase "The Real Yellow
     Pages," is the company entitled to  smaller
     company's existing Web address? The Real InterNet Pages, after
     all, isn't saying, " In any event one would
     hardly confuse the Real InterNet Pages with BellSouth; the pigmy
     tells visitors to its home page: "Not Affiliated, Associated or
     Connected with BellSouth or any BellSouth-related company."
     Coincidentally or not, the Internet Police bill was introduced by
     Don Parsons, a Net-innocent employee of BellSouth. According to the
     Conservative Policy Caucus in the Georgia House: "During floor
     debate, Rep. Parsons could not explain the concept of a link on a
     home page. It was clear to many that he had no idea of what the
     Internet was all about. Supposedly, his desire was to prevent
     'misrepresentation' on the Internet. Parsons admitted that he had
     never been on the Internet, except looking over a colleague's
     shoulder at work." One can understand, then, why many Netfolks
     wonder if Parsons' employer has encouraged him to squelch
     competition at a time when the Baby Bells envision a Web full of
     Yellow Pages. Bell South vehemently denies a connection between it
     and the Parsons bill. Whatever the case, however, the legislation
     would help the Parsons' employer.
     Oh, I've read Parsons' stated reasons for his law. But in guarding
     against fraud and protecting intellectual property rights, do we
     really want to toss out the First Amendment? Jeff Kuester, a Net-hip
     attorney of intellectual property in Atlanta, says: "We should
     certainly strive for effective protection of intellectual property
     on the Web, but not by destroying this crucial part of the
     information superhighway. These links let people move seamlessly
     from Web site to Web site. They're as crucial to the Web as bridges
     are to our nation's system of concrete-and-asphalt roads. If nothing
     else, we should avoid denying Netizens the free speech guaranteed
     outside cyberspace." While Parsons has denied that his law would
     make unauthorized links illegal, its wording would suggest
     otherwise.
     Criticizing Parsons' work, the Conservative Policy Caucus quotes
     the essence of HB1630 as it could affect links, and I'll pass on a
     rough extract with some tweaks of my own for the sake of clarity and
     precision: "It shall be unlawful for any person...knowingly to
     transmit any data through a computer network...if such data uses any
     individual name, trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or
     official seal or copyrighted symbol to falsely state or imply that
     such person...has permission or is legally authorized to use such
     trade name, registered trademark..."
     Granted, some might say that you could assume implied consent if
     any material is up on an open medium like the Web and you want to
     link to it with appropriate identification by name. But the law is
     still a big threat, given the new legal liabilities it creates for
     journalists, publishers, activists and many others. Suppose your
     story online won't read like a puff piece. Will you need your
     target's goodwill before you can link to the site of a polluter or
     other recipient of negative publicity? And what about linking
     privately? Suppose you're on a local area network in the newsroom
     and want to share information with colleagues by way of an internal
     Web page. Will you require at least your target's tacit consent
     before you can do so? Exactly what does HB1630 mean by "a computer
     network," just the external variety? Not in my extract above was
     this additional language: "for the purpose of setting up,
     maintaining, operating, or exchanging data with an electronic
     mailbox, home page, or any other electronic information storage bank
     or point of access to electronic information." Sounds as if the
     Internet Police law won't delight the Society for Professional
     Journalists, Investigative Reporters and Editors or the Reporter's
     Committee for Freedom of the Press.
     Bill 1630 also contains other goodies, according to the valuable
     April 17 issue of EFFector Online and the EFF's Steele. For example,
     Ms. Steele says the bill could criminalize the use of pseudonyms;
     I'd suspect that's of interest to, say, American Online or to
     safety-minded parents who want their children to log on with fake
     names. Besides, just what's a "false" name? Ms. Steele writes of
     someone with the user name of "elvis" and says: "Even my own user
     ID, which is ssteele, does not clearly distinguish me from others
     with the last name of Steele and the first initial 'S.'"
     I myself am another good example of the identity issues that
     arise on a global computer network. My publisher insisted on calling
     my book NetWorld!, and it was logical for me to set up a NetWorld!
     Web site but guess what? If you do an Alta Vista search, you'll also
     find thousands of "NetWorld" mentions from unrelated "NetWorld"
     sites and the rest of the Web. Among the others are Peter's Networld
     from Peter Heneback, a Swedish foreign exchange student at West
     Anchorage High School in Alaska; NETWorld Market Place; NetWorld
     Publishing; NetWorld Systems; Networld +Interop, which, yes, has
     been known to hold expos down in Atlanta; and NetWorld Limited, a
     Hong Kong consulting company.
     And I'm to worry about other "NetWorlds" and "Networlds" from
     Alaska to Atlanta and Asia?
     While trademark law has its place, we need to allow for reasonable
     interpretations. I asked Prima Publishing to consult an attorney
     before it used NetWorld! on pulped wood. No problem, I heard. But
     what happens to my book's online version if I'm in Georgia and
     trademark fanatics prevail in court?
     There and elsewhere, politicians keep babbling that they'll get
     government off our backs. What bilge. If Georgia politicans respect
     citizens' rights, why is the high-tech community talking of a
     lawsuit against the Internet Police law? Alas, the Georgia state
     legislature won't meet again until next year, but meanwhile Zell
     Miller might speak out against his baby before it frightens away
     millions of dollars of high-tech business. Perhaps he can at least
     promise to ask his attorney general not to enforce the Internet
     Police law. As long as the law is still alive, I myself will do
     everything I can to warn Netfolks that Georgia is a risky place for
     them to do business right now.
     Meanwhile, I suspect that the Internet Police law will be like Jim
     Exon's Communications Decency Act. Many people will just ignore it,
     furthering breaking down the respect of Generation Net for
     politicians and bureaucrats in general.
      Return to Top of Page [IMAGE]
HOW TO PROTEST THE SILLINESS
       _______________________________________________________________
     The Internet Police bill--effective July 1, 1996--passed at least
     partly because politicians kowtowed to Big Bucks. Tell them they
     were wrong, that the bill will cost Georgia, that it's about as
     good for the state as Sherman's March was, that you'll tell your
     high-tech employer to stay the hell out of Georgia to avoid
     net.stupid regulations, that you'll think twice about attending the
     Olympics or buying goods that carry the Olympic logo.
     Let Georgia pols know that most Web sites thrive because of the
     ease of linking, not in spite of it. Time Magazine has zillions of
     links all over the Net. And without bureaucratic intervention,
     Netfolks already enjoy a wealth of phone- and Net-directories such
     as Yahoo's.
     Tell the Georgians that the Internet Police bill is a creature of
     special interests such as phone companies and, yes, politicians
     trying to crimp uppity rivals, including those in the Conservative
     Caucus. Some establishmentarians hated the idea of the
     conservatives' using the official Georgia seal on their Web site.
     This issue transcends ideology--my own politics are progressive.
     Protesting, you should avoid obscenity. Be angry in a rational and
     responsible way. Don't justify the anti-Net stereotypes that
     technophobes love.
     Georgia contacts
     [IMAGE] Gov. Zell Miller. I'd include an email address for Gov.
     Miller, but I couldn't find one--maybe I'm looking in the wrong
     locations on the Web, or perhaps in the wrong universe. His office
     phone number is 404-656-1776. Fax: 404-656-5948. Snail: Governor
     Zell Miller, State Capitol, Atlanta, Georgia 30334. It's just as
     well, actually, that you not use electronic mail since I doubt
     that the governor's office is that Net Aware. Otherwise why the Exon
     would he have signed this turkey?
     [IMAGE] Conservative Policy Caucus of the Georgia House of
     Representatives. You can email Georgia Representative Mitchell Kaye,
     the Webmaster, at webmaster at gahouse.com. Click here for Kaye's
     report on Parsons and the anti-Net law. Arm the Caucus with letters
     it can use to fight this atrocity. What the Net needs now, says
     Representative Kaye, is a court injunction against enforcement of
     the law. Anyone know a first-rate lawyer willing to work pro bono
     and make a name for himself or herself? If so, e-mail or phone
     Mitchell Kaye (770-998-2399), the legislator who so far has spent
     the most time and energy fighting the Internet Police law. Perhaps
     this case could be a natural for a group such as the American Civil
     Liberties Union or the Interactive Services Assocation, whose
     members include American Online, CompuServe and Prodigy, among
     others. One legislator has talked of corrective legislation, but
     according to Kaye's current thinking, a court challenge at this
     point would be more effective, since other politicians could water
     down a bill. At any rate, a bill couldn't be formally introduced
     until January 1996; and, says, Kaye, a court case could be the best
     approach. Stay tuned. Foes of the law are still sorting out their
     options as far as the best way to proceed.
     [IMAGE] E-mail addresses of members of the Georgia House, via the
     Conservative Policy Caucus. Remember, some of the people listed may
     be supporters of the Police Bill.
     [IMAGE] Names, addresses, home, office, and FAX numbers of state
     legislators. Click here and scroll down the list for contact
     information for Georgia House Speaker Thomas B. Murphy. Do not
     harass him--it'll just backfire. If you can manage, try instead to
     educate him; see if you can't save your anger for posts on the Net.
     [IMAGE] Don Parsons' phone number (770-728-8506) and FAX number
     (770-528-5754) and other contact info. Again, please avoid
     harassment! But do give him a piece of your mind; ideally you can
     fax Parsons, then email a cc: to Rep. Mitchell Kaye
     (mkaye at gahouse.com), a vehement critic of the Net Police law. First,
     read Don Parsons' defense of his baby. Among other things he writes
     that "Internet users - consumers, children, business people, clergy,
     etc., - have a right to expect that the Internet pages they visit
     are what they are presented to be." My response? Word on the Net
     circulates pretty quickly about frauds, and existing laws cover many
     situations. New, Internet-specific laws--against fraud or copyright
     violations--need to be much better crafted than HB1630 was. Above
     all, they must be infinitely more respectful of the First Amendment.
     [IMAGE] Georgia Attorney General Michael Bowers. His phone number is
     404-656-4585; his fax number, 404-657-8733; and his snail address
     is: Judicial Building, Atlanta, Georgia 30334.
     [IMAGE] State of Georgia Home Page. Poke around. Look for pressure
     points--people associated with tourism and other business. See
     below.
     [IMAGE] Georgia Department of Industry, Trade & Tourism, "Georgia's
     official state agency for developing new jobs and creating capital
     investment." Sign the guest book; register your company's lack of
     interest in relocating there while the Internet Police bill is in
     effect. Use the "Description of Business" field and ask that the
     Webmaster forward your opinion to policymakers.
     [IMAGE] Yahoo listings for 1996 Olympic Games. Use the "mailto's"
     (where you click to start writing a letter) and sign the guest books
     with protests against Georgia's medieval information policies.
     [IMAGE] 1996 Olympic Games Home Page. Give 'em a piece of your mind
     on the feedback page.
     [IMAGE] BellSouth's Olympic links. Yes, BellSouth is an official
     sponsor. So if the Olympic folks take awhile to get the point,
     you'll know why. Of course you might try complaining to BellSouth
     itself--the president is Carl E. Swearington, telephone
     770-391-2424; fax, 770-399-6355.
     [IMAGE] Cable News Network (CNN), whose Web site will be directly
     affected by the imbecility out of the state legislature. The
     feedback address is cnn.feedback at cnn.com. Give 'em permission to use
     your name and address on the feedback page. Oh, and while you're at
     it, you might ask CNN to forward your sentiments to Scott Woelfel,
     editor in chief of CNN Interactive. Tell him it's ok to link to
     this page, and suggest that the video part of CNN just might want to
     warn the world about the Internet Police bill.
     [IMAGE] E-mail, fax and snail addresses and phone numbers for the
     Georgia media--including the Atlanta papers and the Associated Press
     down there. From the Conservative Caucus.
     [IMAGE] Georgia Media List from Harden Political InfoSystems.
     Newspapers, magazines and broadcasters. Looks extremely
     comprehensive.
     [IMAGE] Thinking Right, a reader comment area of the Atlanta
     Journal. Speak up! Let Atlanta know that Georgia's on your mind!
     The "Piney Pete Sez" column of April 20 says of the Internet Police
     bill: "What prompted this action was not widespread abuse. It was
     one little gadfly, Rep. Mitchell Kaye, who's been using the great
     seal of Georgia on his conservative Website. Needless to say, Kaye
     is a Republican and consequently shut out of any highway largess,
     concrete or electronic."
      Return to Top of Page
      [IMAGE]
MORE LINKS
       _______________________________________________________________
     [IMAGE] Full text of the Internet Police bill.
     [IMAGE] Electronic Frontier Foundation.
     [IMAGE] April 17 EFF newsletter with details on the Internet Police
     bill.
     [IMAGE] Bell South Denies Lobbying for the Police Law. Rep. Don
     Parsons, sponsor of House Bill 1630, works for BellSouth; but the
     company wrote attorney Jeff Kuester a letter saying Parsons does not
     serve as a lobbyist--and that the actual lobbyists were "totally
     unaware" of the company's suit against the Real InterNet Pages. The
     letter said, "Bell South did not draft, sponsor, promote or lobby
     for 1630. Bell South took no position on the legislation whatsoever
     other than, when it was brought to our attention, to recommend an
     exemption from liability for telephone companies and Internet access
     providers who provide transmission services for their customers."
     BellSouth did say that "it is probably probably overkill and unduly
     complicating to make the act of trademark infringement,
     misrepresentation and passing off on the Internet a crime under
     state law." The company also offered observations on the law's
     effects on links--thoughts with which the Electronic Frontier
     Foundation would undoubtedly disagree.
     [IMAGE] The Prize-winning Web Page of Jeff Kuester, the Net-hip
     intellectual property attorney mentioned earlier, who also has an
     engineering background and is active in groups such as IEEE. You can
     bet that like Kuester, scads of other Georgians love the Net and are
     just as surprised and disappointed by the Internet Police law as the
     rest of us were. He has a page with relevant links about the law.
     Kuester (kuester at kuesterlaw.com) is working to bring state pols up
     to speed on Net law and technology, and he would like to expand his
     efforts at the national level. Send him a note if you're interested
     in helping out. A good cause! Note, too, the existence of a
     Congressional Internet Caucus. Education of policymakers is the best
     protection against Net-stupid legislation like HB1630. Perhaps even
     Parsons will see the light someday. Meanwhile, if you want to check
     out some first-class resources on the Net and intellectual property
     law, drop on by Kuester's site!
     [IMAGE] The Real InterNet Pages, the Net directory that the
     $18-billion BellSouth conglomerate is suing for alleged trademark
     infringement. BellSouth holds a trademark on the phrase "The Real
     Yellow Pages," but does that automatically entitle the company to
     "realpages.com" on the Net? Read why a BellSouth triumph could hurt
     you. The boys at realpages.com have put together a nice Web page
     with a yellow background ("we don't think they own the color yellow
     either"). E-mail your support to Don Madey at dmadey at realpages.com.
     Any lawyers out there willing to do pro bono? Publicity from such a
     case could be an excellent career-enhancer.
     [IMAGE] c|net News Article on the Police Law.
     [IMAGE] Georgia Cyberphobes, the Augusta Chronicle's editorial
     against the Net police bill--written just before Gov. Miller signed
     it. The Chronicle didn't see the HR1630's trademark-related
     language as a threat but objected to the attack on online anonymity.
     It called for Miller to vero the bill.
     [IMAGE] Editor and Publisher. He explains how links help
     electronic newspapers. Note: The just-supplied link will soon
     disappear, but when that happens, you might be able to find the
     column in his archives.
      Return to Top of Page
      [IMAGE]
YOUR OWN "NIGHT THE LIGHTS WENT OUT" PARODY? I'M LOOKING FOR THE RIGHT ONE
       _______________________________________________________________
     Who can come up with the best "Night the Lights Went Out in
     Georgia" parody-in the spirit of this site?
     Give it a shot. May 18 is the contest deadline, and I may extend
     it if Netfolks are too angry to concentrate long enough come up with
     a quotable parody. No prizes, just some exquisite notoriety.
     Please do not enter, of course, if you mind having scads of other
     Web sites link to your words.
     -David H. Rothman, rothman at clark.net
       _______________________________________________________________
      Top of Page | Return to NetWorld!
      [IMAGE]
     Linking Encouraged. No Permission Needed from Me, Especially
     if You're in Georgia!
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-08 10:27:12
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: misunderstandings of PICS 
I didn't see the cyberangel proposal, but how is this an abuse?
Regardless, it's a waste of time, browsers will have the option of "If not
PICS labled, don't return." They're better off advising people to flip that
switch if this is such a big concern.
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-08 11:50:52
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Police tactics question 
Also, I'll stick in a plug for a paper I wrote a year ago for Mitch
Kapor's "Political Economy of the Digital Infrastructure" class at the Media
Entrapment in Cyberspace -- On The Likelihood of Digital Stings
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-08 11:54:30
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: misunderstandings of PICS 
This isn't exactly true (as you indicate later). PICS labels can be
incorporated into the html  tag by the content creator, it can be sent
by way of the http server (using the 'get') or it can be collected from a
third party label bureau.
        However, self rating will be a significant use in the future, and it
is the only way PICS is being used effectively today (at RSAC).
        True.
        Two may be quite successfully accomplished using PICS. Europe
(Germany and Nazis) and China/Singapore could make quite effective use of
PICS if they require that all browsers in their country be sold with their
rating (censorship) system included (and if they mandate that government
label bureaus _must_ be used.)
        The reason self-rating is mentioned is to forestall the fear of
mandated/arbitrary third party rating. Rather than some MPAA like system
being imposed by the govt., the self-rating was a better political/strategic
position. Also, self rating scales well until third party label bureaus are
sufficiently developed. Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-08 13:29:58
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: misunderstandings of PICS 
I understand at one level, but not the visceral response.
        I think your fears are a little too paranoid here, but maybe they
aren't. The question is how much of this hoopola stems from fundamentalist
thought police, or concerned but ignorant parents/congressmen. If
self-labeling worked (which I see few cases in which it wouldn't) I can't
see the concerned but ignorant being unhappy. Rather they'd be a bit better
educated and feeling pretty secure their kids won't get their hands on
naughty material. And then if self labeling had some failures, that's an
incentive for others to provide third party services (as others have
argued). PICS had to sell itself to the net as much as to the masses.
Self-labeling appeals to the net, it may appeal to the masses, but there are
other things in there to sweeten the deal for them if not.
        Then we should help educate the public. I dislike dumbing the net
down for the masses.
        The real question here -- as far as the public having a fit -- is
the use of digital signatures in the labels. I expect we will not see
signatures used in the first generation of label services or ?compliant?
browsers. Just like ecommerce, it takes a break or catastrophe to get people
to move in a constructful manner on the security front. Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-10 15:22:17
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Applicable Models for Trust Calculations (Re: Dempster-Shafer Theory and Belief Networks (Re: Transitive trust)) 
Two quick things: (more in my forthcoming thesis)
1. It is very instructive to consider systems for considering trust and
belief (and Dempster-Shafer is a rather nice one). However, these systems
(my own decision analysis discussion to a degree, but less so with respect
to information gathering) and Dempster-Shafer in particular require the
events to be independent:
"Further, Dempster-Shafer theory provides rules for combining probabilities
and thus for propagating measures through the system. This fourth point is
possibly the most attractive, but it is also one of the most controversial
since the propagation method is an extension of the multiplication rule for
independent events. Since many of the applications involve events that are
surely dependent, that rule is, by classical statistical criteria,
inapplicable. The tendency to assume that events are independent unless
proven otherwise has stimulated a large proportion of the criticism of
probability approaches; as it stands, Dempster-Shafer theory suffers the
same ill" [Shapiro (ed.) Encyclopedia of Aritificial Intelligence.
The very term "Web of Trust" makes one pause with respect to independent events.
2. Just as a comment, it seems there are different meaning of "transitiviy"
in related but different disciplines, for instance in value and utility
functions, one requires transitivity, but in a way different from what Hal
"For any three possible set os of consequences, X1, X2, and X3, if X1 > X2
and X2 > X3 then the preference is transitive such that X1 > X3."
[deNeufville, R. Applied Systems Analysis: Engineering Planning and
Technology Management, 1990, p 313.]
This refers to a single person's preferences (rather than 3 individuals in a
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-10 20:27:14
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
In fact, 3rd party services may have problems with large and dynamic
WEB sites (in which case they just might rate it high, and rate the whole
directory.) (I was thinking about this with regards to incorporating rating
systems into WEB site managements tools and apps...) If MICS and signatures
do become prevalent, an easy way I can defeat ratings I don't like (or to
keep from others rating me) is to repeatedly change my content in some
simple way, throwing off their MICS.
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-10 20:53:09
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
lay. The _only_ system and service that I am aware of that is distributing
PICS labels is RSAC. ( They are what one could call an
objective and non-arbitrary content rating system rather than an
"appropriateness" system. "Appropriateness" systems will be valuable 3rd
party systems when the vigilantes and fundamentalists wish to create label
bureaus. For self labeling, if many people (main stream people) are going to
use that system within their browser, it will have to have mind share. If
it's going to have mind share, I think it would be advantegeous to it to be
a descriptive label rather than "appropriate." Hence, much of the concerns
I'm hearing aren't so worrisome to me.
colleagues for a Sloan on ecommerce course at MIT is finished.. (in about a
week, and I should then be making that and my thesis available.)
for an ignornant legislator to approve.
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-10 21:13:31
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
Couple quick things:
No, it isn't the best term, there is some bias which can be an issue with
dealing with this at the international level, but I think there are
solutions to that...
        It doesn't even say "sex: moderate", but "(s 3)", and then the
parent can consult a chart that is a summary of the questions that directly
ask about the content:
ALL (0)  HARMLESS CONFLICT;  SOME DAMAGE TO OBJECTS
1        CREATURES INJURED OR KILLED; DAMAGE TO OBJECTS; FIGHTING
2        HUMANS INJURED OR KILLED WITH SMALL AMOUNT OF BLOOD
3        HUMANS INJURED OR KILLED, BLOOD AND GORE
4        HUMANS INJURED OR KILLED, BLOOD AND GORE	
         WANTON AND GRATUITOUS VIOLENCE TORTURE; RAPE
So we can argue about "objective," but this is _atleast_ very
"non-arbitrary" and the process (if people are non-malicious) is deterministic.
        This is a significant issue.
        Try it for your own page and see!
        People who misuse the system can be fined. (By using the system one
also has to "AGREE"). However, the status of this contract is up at grabs
IMHO since they relied on trade mark to enforce their system (the pic on a
box). Now, gifs and the like (banners) may still be of issue, but the real
meat here is a system (s 3 l 2 v 0), there is no IP protection for this, and
if there aren't signatures, this can be a serious problem.
        I see it as an author provided a value added service to his content
same as anyone else.
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-10 22:41:10
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
I would agree the questions seem too video game orientated, and I
don't like some of the questions either. However, it is a fair effort, and I
don't think if something is questionable (for instance, someone errs by
labeling someone that is 18 years old as a teenager) the whole system falls
to pieces. Or some crucial piece of information on my home page, that some
child might have seen, but won't be seen because I labeled a character in
one of my stories as a teenager even if he/she was a teenager.
        I'm sure this is something that could go on for a very long time in
some cypherpunk thread (something I'm not interested in argueing about), but
there is no such thing as a perfectly objective or unbiased system. For
instance, I don't like the distinctions other systems make for
homosexuality, but I also understand some parents may wish to screen on it...
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-11 05:24:26
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Publicity on PICS 
It is _very_ confusing to follow though.
        Consider that Compuserve had a deal with SurfWatch, which was
incorporated in it "Internet" in a box, with a lot of Spry goodies. Now
Surfwatch has been purchased by Spyglass (a competitor or Spry). Also,
Compuserve offers RSACi services through CyberPatrols RSACi compliance (got
some weird derivitive and cross-liscencing works going on here!) and urges
its users and 3rd party people to use RSACi...
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-13 04:23:02
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
Yes, but it is possible to have "descriptive" systems. Of course, to
make them easy, things are aggregated into groups, and these groupings have
a value judgement. But it is possible to have rating systems that don't tell
you diddley about who sees it. Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-13 04:47:58
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: self-ratings vs. market ratings 
I was talking about this with one of the other students giving the
presentation on RSACi yesterday at Sloan. I was argueing how vice tends to
be associated with radicalism and how it seems to break people out of their
exclusive communities... (nevermind, it was a weird complex discussion.)
Regardless, I ran a roundtable on a topic similar to this. The problem of
information sharing agents evolving into exclusive communities over time.  COMMUNICATION NETWORKS AND THE RISE OF AN INFORMATION ELITE
            Do Computers Help the Rich Get Richer?
                     Marshall Van Alstyne
                      (MIT Sloan School)
                     CAMBRIDGE ROUNDTABLE
                    Wed, Feb. 21, at 1:00                            E40-212
Several researchers have suggested that information resources are not
created equal and that information processing capacity is not distributed
uniformly.  In 1995, for example, only 17% of the adult population in the
US and Canada, roughly 35 million people had any form of access to
electronic services.  But what if access were universal?  If each
enterprise and individual were granted a digital portal onto a National
Information Infrastructure, would equal access to channels mean equal
access to information?
One unfortunate answer is no.  Circumstances exist under which a
telecommunications policy of universal access could lead to an increase in
the gap between the information "haves" and the "have-nots." Policy needs
to provide incentives for information sharing and not just access to
channels, otherwise results might be reversed from those originally
We present a formal theory of information sharing in groups which shows why
the information rich might get richer still, why there might be
balkanization of groups on the internet, why different objectives within a
group will motivate sharing or shut it down, and why it's not just what you
know but whom you know.  One of the advantages of the model is that there
are several explicit parameters that can be altered to illustrate different
effects of different policies.
For anyone who is interested, the first draft of the paper is available
from URL:  Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-14 18:10:11
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Interest to punks in latest CACM 
A Meeks article I think that would benefit some cypherpunks...
  - politics/effectiveness
"Comparing Information Without Leaking It"   - Fagin, Naor, Winkler
  - crypto/protocol
"A Reengineerings Framework for Evaluating a Financial Imaging System"
  - certificate processing workflow redesign.
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-15 07:13:08
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: (legal) Re: CDA Dispatch #10: Last Day in Court 
[Regarding ACLU v. Reno]
        Perhaps someone with a better legal understanding of court cases
could help me out. I understood from a law course I took that appeals could
only be filed with respect to process rather than result. One cannot appeal
a decision, rather one has to appeal the manner in which it was reached (if
witnesses were biased, important evidence was suppressed, etc.) I was rather
surprised by this, but obviously this doesn't prevent people from appealing
willy-nilly because they just fabricate some reason why the process was
        However, in a venue such as this, what basis can one appeal on? On
the ACLU side I can actually see an appeal with respect to the
constitutionality (but I'm not quite sure what) and on the Reno side I don't
see what they could appeal. Was some evidence poorly presented? It isn't
like there are any witnesses to lead.
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-15 18:51:47
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: (legal) Re: CDA Dispatch #10: Last Day in Court 
Ok, thank you for clarifying that. One question regarding the "de
novo," if a lower court decides to restrict its ruling to a specific aspect
of the case ("indecency") can the higher court broaden the scope of its
ruling, or must its ruling be with specific regards to the scope of the
lower court. (I don't know if the appeal can be on the basis of the scope.)
BTW: This is what a lawyer/professor was able to tell me. As you can see I
was thinking of a garbled version of a jury trial:
I'm not familiar with the case, so I cannot speak to its specifics, however here is the general concept of appeals in the U.S. Courts:  At the trial of any case there are two categories of issues to be resolved--those called "factual" issues and those called "legal" issues.  Only legal issues are subject to appeal in a higher court.
If there is a jury trial, the "facts" are what the jury decides (including, en route to their decision, which witnesses to believe) and this is called the verdict.  The verdict per se is not subject to appeal.  The "law" is what the judge decides, and can include matters of procedure as well as matters of substance.  Typically these are decisions about what evidence to admit, what instructions to give to the jury, what motions to grant or deny, etc.  All of this is subject to appeal.  If the appeal necessitates a new trial, the new jury starts over with new testimony, and reaches its own conclusion on the facts--but this is not really an "appeal" of the first jury's verdict.
If there is no jury at the first trial, the trial judge wears both hats, finding the facts and making conclusions of law--but keeping these decisions separate in his or her opinion.  Only the judge's conclusions of law in such trials are subject to appeal.
Regards,       Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues,
               and can moderate their desires more than their words. -Spinoza
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-23 05:07:39
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Another Analysis -- Re: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
Declan McCullagh and Gilmore have already provided a brief summary of the
doc, here are a few thoughts I sent to some others last night:
 - the meat is in the footnotes.
 - buzzword compliance: key recovery and Key Management Infrastructure (KMI).
 - intro: market forces and government/industry cooperation.
 - key bullet points:
     o Certificate authorities will operate within performance standards set by      legislation
     o Agreements between governments will serve as the basis for international      cross certification.
     o Self-escrow will be permitted under specific circumstances. [1]
     [1] The escrow agency must meet performance requirements for law      enforcement access.
- Denning's CACM survey key escrow article and Hoffman's "Building in Big
Brother" are cited.
- A lot of talk about "mutually trusted CAs" A footnote [4] "A mutually
trusted authority is an escrow agent trusted by users to store keys and
trusted by law enforcement to provide access upon certification of lawful
authority." One has freedom to choose any CA, as long as the mutual trust
- At the international level "Law enforcement and some national security
concerns would be protected since government agencies would be able to
obtain escrowed key pursuant to government-to-government agreements."
- Products can be exported to countries with these agreements.
- Self escrow: "To avoid this risk [of investigations being compromised],
independent escrow authorities could be added as another layer. Such a
solution would drive up the cost to operate the PKI and drive down the
efficiency of conducting public key certification functions, particularly
for individual users." [Ok, so independent CAs are "bad" things"] "The
solution may be a national policy which allows CAs for an organization to be
escrow authorities if they can reliably turn over keys in a timely fashion
when requested and to protect the confidentiality of any request for
escrowed key. To this end, the government should seek legislation that would
shield organization certificate authorities from internal pressures in the
course of law enforcement investigations." [A "good" thing?]
- provisions for legislation on civil or criminal liability on the
commercial/private side.
- gives requirements for KMI: key integrity, key accessibility, key recovery
with respect to confidentiality, availability and responsiveness (24 hours)
So Clipper III is a bit meaner and leaner. If Clipper I would have sunk
because of sheer clumsiness, a sleeker ship carrying the same load will now
be developed by the free market. The load is the assumption that citizens
can be "compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself."
Regards,            We could never learn to be brave and patient,                     if there were only joy in the world. -Helen Keller
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-24 03:53:58
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: nyt: Report Warns of Security Threats Posed by Computer Hackers 
Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company
          May 23, 1996
          Report Warns of Security Threats Posed by Computer
          Hackers
          By PHILIP SHENON
          [W] ASHINGTON -- Government investigators warned
              Wednesday that computer hackers cruising the
          Internet posed a serious and growing threat to national
          security, with the Pentagon suffering as many as 250,000
          "attacks" on its computers last year.
          The investigators, from the General Accounting Office,
          offered scenarios in which terrorists or enemy
          governments might break into Defense Department computer
          networks and shut them down, cutting off communications
          between military commanders in the middle of a war.
          "There will become an increasingly attractive way for
          terrorists or adversaries to wage attacks," the
          investigators said in a report prepared for two
          congressional committees. "The potential for
          catastrophic damage is great."
          The Pentagon did not dispute the findings of the study,
          although Defense Department officials said they knew of
          no instance in which hackers had obtained secret
          information or gained access to computer networks that
          control the firing of weapons. "We are certainly well
          aware that people are breaking in or trying to hack into
          our systems," said Susan Hansen, a department
          spokeswoman.
          While the Pentagon is developing encryption devices that
          show promise in defeating computer hackers, the
          accounting office, which is the investigative arm of
          Congress, warned that none of the proposed technical
          solutions was foolproof, and that the military's current
          security program was "dated, inconsistent and
          incomplete."
          The explosion in the use of the Internet and the
          increasing power and sophistication of small desktop
          computers has compounded the Pentagon's problems,
          creating a worldwide army of hackers able to break into
          all but the most secure computer networks.
          The report cited Defense Department estimates that the
          number of unauthorized efforts to enter its computer
          systems -- "attacks," in the parlance of cyberspace --
          was doubling every year and may have reached 250,000 in
          1995, most of them made through the Internet.
          Pentagon figures suggest that in about 65 percent of
          those efforts, hackers were able to gain entry to a
          computer network.
          The investigators provided details on several recent
          attacks on the Pentagon's computers, including a 1994
          incident in which two computer hackers were able to gain
          "complete access to all of the information" on the
          computer systems of the Rome Air Development Center, the
          Air Force laboratory in Rome, N.Y., where the Defense
          Department carries out some of its most important
          research on weapons systems.
          The report said the hackers rummaged through the
          computer networks for several days and stole information
          on the methods used by Air Force commanders to relay
          secret intelligence and targeting information during
          wartime.
          Working through the Internet and a variety of phone
          switches in South America, the hackers also used the
          laboratory's computers as a "launching platform to
          attack other military, government, commercial and
          academic systems worldwide," including the
          Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and the Goddard
          Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., the report said.
          One of the hackers, a Briton whose code name was
          "Datastream Cowboy," was later arrested in England. The
          authorities say they do not know the nationality of the
          other hacker, whose code name is "Kuji" and who was
          never apprehended.
          "There may have been some national security risks
          associated with the Rome incident," the report said.
          "Air Force officials told us that at least one of the
          hackers may have been working for a foreign country
          interested in obtaining military research data or
          information on areas in which the Air Force was
          conducting advanced research." The foreign country was
          not identified in the report.
          In separate incidents between April 1990 and May 1991,
          the report said, hackers from the Netherlands broke into
          computer networks at 34 Defense Department sites and
          browsed the electronic-mail systems of several
          department officials, calling up all messages that
          contained the key words "nuclear," "weapons" or
          "missile."
          The accounting office investigator who oversaw the
          report, Jack L. Brock Jr., said in testimony Wednesday
          before the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on
          Investigations that more than 120 nations are reported
          to be developing "information warfare techniques" that
          could "allow our enemies to seize control of public
          networks which Defense relies upon for communications."
          "Countries today do not have to be military superpowers
          with large standing armies, fleets of battleships or
          squadrons of fighters to gain a competitive edge," he
          said. "Instead, all they really need to steal sensitive
          data or shut down military computers is a $2,000
          computer and modem and a connection to the Internet."
          The investigators said the Pentagon had made itself
          vulnerable to attack by making itself so dependent on
          computers and the Internet, a system that its own
          researchers created in the 1970s.
          "Defense's computer systems are particularly susceptible
          to attack through connections on the Internet, which
          Defense uses to enhance communication and information
          sharing," the report said, noting that an estimated 40
          million people worldwide are Internet users. "In turning
          to the Internet, Defense has increased its own exposure
          to attacks."
          The Pentagon uses the Internet to distribute electronic
          mail and other information. During the war in the
          Persian Gulf, the Defense Department used the Internet
          to communicate with allied armies and gather and
          distribute intelligence information.
Regards,            When we ask advice, we are usually looking for                     an accomplice. -Marquis de la Grange
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-24 13:37:12
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Trust In A Cryptographic Economy And Digital Security Deposits: Protocols And Policies 
My thesis "Trust In A Cryptographic Economy And Digital Security Deposits:
Protocols And Policies" is now available in digital form for those that
might be interested.
You can find it on my ecommerce page at:
An intro, table of contents, conclusion, and the refs are in html format.
You may download the whole thing as compressed postscript.
Regards,            When we ask advice, we are usually looking for                     an accomplice. -Marquis de la Grange
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-28 10:19:19
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: holographic remailing & key escrow 
Could something akin to this be a practicle method or test for
Blaze's "Key Escrow without Escrow Agents"? The main thing lacking is a
secure method to get it out to the different escrow servers... (One could
just encrypt each chunk of the message/key in a server's public key...
Servers would read that newsgroup and pull down and escrow the chunks that
they recognize.)
Regards,            When we ask advice, we are usually looking for                     an accomplice. -Marquis de la Grange
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-28 10:31:37
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: CyberCash just did it! 
According to below, it looks like the session  keys are single-DES, and they
are swapped using RSA... I'd think people would rather try cracking the DES
without bothering with the RSA -- be it 768 or 1024... (If the session key
is weak, it doesn't much matter what you send it in...)
Regards,            When we ask advice, we are usually looking for                     an accomplice. -Marquis de la Grange
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-05-30 07:06:50
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: [crypto] crypto-protocols for trading card games 
Well, not quite the same thing, but the cool stored-value cards in
Japan (for things like phones and the like) are very collectible. Everyone
wants a Armitage (anime) card!
Regards,            If it weren't for the last minute,                     nothing would ever get done.
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E

@_date: 1996-06-01 11:32:38
@_author: Joseph M. Reagle Jr. 
@_subject: Optimism re NRC Cryptography Report 
Actually, I felt this upon reading the general recommendations, but
then in reading the expansion of the recommendations, I could see a lot
there for the continuance of the "status-quo" type of attitude. After
talking about it with other people, my feeling is that the document might be
all things to all people...? Pro-crypto will be happy with it and point to
this para and that, "anti"-crypto (law enforcement type) could also be happy
with it and point to that para and the other. The question then is, how will
it be read/perceived by its audience (which I suspect is legislators.) Given
the way the press is reporting, it is being received as a pro-crypto report,
congress might pick up on it. Unfortunately, it might pick up on it with
respect to publicity and posturing, and a fair amount of "the briefing" back
door stuff will continue.
        Can't say though.
Regards,            If it weren't for the last minute,                     nothing would ever get done.
Joseph  Reagle      reagle at mit.edu      E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E
