
@_date: 2000-11-24 06:46:31
@_author: reasonablewebsites at themail.com 
@_subject: CDR: Going Platinum ( Time is Running Out ) 
Have you considered your own internet business???  Here is a sure winner.  It
is a FREE ISP with no banners or Bars!!!  Did you realize that every time you
get on the internet you generate income for the ISP???  Well this company is
paying that income back to the members of the company.  Not only the income that
you generate but the income that all your referrals create by their usage.
Plus they pay you a commission for all of your referrals!!!  For a short time
there are two ways to get in.  You can join for FREE and get 10 referrals to
go BRONZE (you need to go BRONZE before you can receive commissions) or you can
pay a very small fee of $25 to go BRONZE.
This Company is going to LAUNCH the first of DECEMBER and then the option to
pay $25 to Go BRONZE is gone, you will only be able to join for FREE.  After
the company launches the first of DECEMBER they are going to launch a world wide
advertising campaign for free members, those free members will be placed under
the founding members!!!  This is very exciting!!!  This is to good to be true,
you say???  I have already received my first check so I know it is true and it
Join Now!
This ad will tell you about a WALL STREET JOURNAL that says they estimate 10
million people will join in the next 6 months...all of them being placed under
the founding members.  If you have ever desired a ground floor opportunity.....this
is it!!!!
You can not lose...at the very least you will get your ISP for free...if you
decide to pay and go BRONZE...they have a money back unconditional guarentee
that you will be satisfied!!!
Do you know any one that would like to get their ISP free??? Especially with
no pesty banners or bars???
Join Now!
This is not spam we have done business in the past or we are friends.  If you
would like to be removed from this list just hit reply with remove in the subject
and you will be promply removed!!!  Have a GREAT day!!! :-)
                                                    James E. DeNardo
                                                     President
                                                     Reasonable Web Sites
                                                     reasonablewebsites at themail.com
