
@_date: 2013-09-16 09:31:20
@_author: Reed Black 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Is Dropbox opening uploaded documents? 
References: <20130913055817.GZ10405 <20130913091411.GR5801
Dropbox generates thumbnails and optimized document views for smartphone
clients. This could happen on demand, or it could be batched after the
upload. Checking whether the embedded link is accessed a second time on
displaying a doc on a smartphone might be revealing.
It also wouldn't be surprising if they were working on some kind of content
indexing as other sync services are. Cloud storage is a competitive space,
and Dropbox needs to keep up in order to maintain their rather high price
per unit of storage.
Some Dropbox developers are visible in their forums if someone wants to ask
This level of scrutiny doesn't make sense for any service with a closed
source, self-updating client, however. Even if they encrypted client-side,
made every kind of promise and did everything else perfectly, they could be
compelled to quietly change things overnight. That could happen for
everybody, or for just a few users who get slipped a different version.

@_date: 2014-08-03 10:02:44
@_author: Reed Black 
@_subject: Russia want completely ban Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies 
References: <53DBF44F.2070905
 <20140801232934.GN22640
 <20140803071421.GS22640
I may be responding to a troll posting, but it's a fun one, so...
(soyuz) are still flying. The space program of the leader of the free world
keeps giving more money to defense contractors. Now tell me again who won
the space race?
The Soviets also had some damned bad engineers and scientists. Someone in
an ivory tower decides soaking seeds before planting them will make them
grow better, the state requires it, seeds mold in the ground. How many die
because Soviet science didn't come as an option?
How foreign was the concept of a flush toilet to Soviet troops who ripped
them off the walls when invading westward? They baffled that the toilets
ceased working when leaned against a tree or a tent. Basic conveniences
were utterly foreign to any but the heads of state and their chosen pets.
Even where they had advances that compared to what was available in the
west, it hardly mattered to most of the population.
As to the space program, at their pinnacle they end up copying the Space
Shuttle and other US projects, right down to the placement of left-handed
screws. What lesson were we meant to draw here?
GPL has little to nothing to do with Marx.
GPL relies entirely on private ownership of intellectual property for its
enforcement. Private property is GPL's very foundation. And nobody is
compelled to use GPL licensed software, or to agree to a GPL license. Those
who do enter into an agreement aren't even required to redistribute their
changes unless they redistribute the derivative product. There's no
compulsory communal property here, no Marx.
Observe that generally, one can set up GPL and various other forms of
voluntary communal contracts under capitalism. But that doesn't make
capitalism communist/Marxist. It does make capitalism the more flexible
system. One in which the GPL linux kernel is indeed doing well, along with
countless privately owned projects.

@_date: 2014-08-03 22:06:16
@_author: Reed Black 
@_subject: Russia want completely ban Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies 
References: <53DBF44F.2070905
 <20140801232934.GN22640
 <20140803071421.GS22640
 <20140803224333.GX22640
It's basically Das Kapital, with charts and new predictions and suggested
remedies. Nearly a hundred mentions of Marx, and the same blindness about
what happens to capital that's accumulated, but reinvested as all major
accumulations are.
One need only look at any ten years interval where the wealth gap expanded,
and then examine the quantity and quality of goods affordable by the
poorest in that time. It gives question to his predictions and his radical
plans for 80% tax rates and the like. Trying to pull up the wage earners by
pulling down the wage payers hasn't worked yet.
But it does have an interesting parallel to the below...
A car maker is at a competitive disadvantage if it wastes time trying to
perfect sheet metal screws and socket wrenches. The other car makers use
commodity parts for anything that isn't a unique selling point and
differentiate by building the last, non-standard parts.
Most businesses and other competitive constructive ventures are like this.
Expect open source software to eat into the platform of just about every
vertical, but expect that to happen with proprietary software developers'
full cooperation. At some point, printer drivers stop being a value added
differentiator and capitalists see the best returns in integrating and
building on top of CUPS. Font engines become uninteresting and FreeType
makes sense. Filesystems, network protocols, web development frameworks,
etc... It's why they'll cooperate to help open source projects develop best
of breed implementations from the bottom up, but stop where proprietary
projects still differentiate themselves in interesting ways. When it gets
close to the consumer, we'll always have gaps the size of the space between
an xtank and a Diablo III.
I'd expect open source projects to subsume more and more things covered by
proprietary software and services today, but I'd also expect closed source
software and walled gardens to continue to be the points of competitive
innovation. By the time there are open source solutions commoditizing
today's cloud services, tomorrow's cloud services will be doing appealing
new things the public thinks it can't live without. That's not a blind
prediction, but an extrapolation of what's already happened. Free WebDAV
implementations are here, but now the public wants built in media
transcoding for mobile, syncing, and other features as part of their web
filesystems. Virtualization systems exist with virtually zero overhead, but
now CTOs expect automatic scaling, monitoring and security as push-button
add ons. Most every well-established cloud service one can name has a
lightweight open source alternative that looks like that cloud service only
a few years ago.
In a way, capitalists need to keep ceding to the commons to control their
costs as they build atop the old in order to afford to stay relevant, or
they need to seek other revenue channels while nearly giving the actual
service away to all comers. It's a bizarre but wonderful generative system.
It's cute, but I never saw anything where Stallman himself seemed to
believe free software was socialist in nature. (Anyone have pointers on
that?) I know socialists/Marxists love to embrace it and him, but I suspect
the movement and Stallman could at best be called fellow travelers of
Marxism at best. There may be some common activities, but not goals or

@_date: 2014-03-06 14:06:09
@_author: Reed Black 
@_subject: Bounties 
References: <04B4818B-74E2-4296-B118-0E69B2E679A1
It's believed that Satoshi holds a total of what - 8-10% of all BTC mined
to date? The deflationary benefit of destroying Satoshi's wallets might be
enough motivation for some to do evil.
Whether this is the real Satoshi or not, I expect he's taking on a pretty
unique set of worries.

@_date: 2015-07-22 16:11:29
@_author: Reed Black 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References: If you look at people who have a large number of followers which their
activity or identity wouldn't normally warrant, you will find that the
synthetic accounts who follow them exhibit a lot of random retweeting and
favoriting behavior. Many of the synthetic accounts also do double duty by
posting spam links should anyone visit them.
All speculation, but:
There are people who offer paid follower, favoriting, and retweeting
services. I suspect the operators include more bogus activity than paid
activity on the synthetic accounts. The additional activity would muddy any
third-party analysis. For example, it would make it harder for Twitter to
spot bogus accounts. It would also be harder to know who's really paying
for artificial activity versus who's been randomly selected (if Twitter
even cares about such things).
If the crap favoriting gets these accounts some non-synthetic followers or
visits, they also become useful vehicles for those spam links. It's
doubtful that Twitter worries as much about accounts that spam if people
visit the account after a favorite and see a spam link, rather than the
spammer revealing the spam to others with

@_date: 2015-07-22 16:15:55
@_author: Reed Black 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References:  <55AC5B26.8050100
spammers and junk favoriters the activity rapidly falls off.
With the official twitter site and most clients, if you report abuse you
also block the reported party. If the bot operator periodically checks
whether it's blocked after favoriting or  they would build up a
list of who's best left alone. Their goals would include going unnoticed by
Twitter governance. Anyone they can detect as blocking their accounts can
be assumed to also be reporting the accounts.
