
@_date: 2001-02-21 17:19:44
@_author: registration at driveway.com 
@_subject: An Important Announcement to Driveway Users 
Dear Driveway user,
PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE MESSAGE.  IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT
THE FILES THAT YOU STORE ON DRIVEWAY.
As of March 5th, 2001, Driveway will discontinue all Driveway.com file
sharing and storage services. We have appreciated your support and use of
Driveway. Effective immediately, Driveway is no longer accepting new user
registrations, file uploads or purchases of additional space. After March
5th, 2001, you will no longer be able to access any files stored at
To make sure you continue to have global access to the data in your Driveway
account, Driveway recommends that you sign up for a FreeDrive account. For file transfer, download the data in your Driveway account to your desktop. Then, use FreeDrive's FD Desktop feature to easily drag and drop your Driveway files from your computer to FreeDrive.  FreeDrive is the largest online file storage service with over 12 million members. In addition to 50 MB of Free space, FreeDrive also offers Chat, CD Burning, Photo Albums, and more. Just click the link below to sign up:
Again, we thank you for your support of Driveway. Also, please note that in
accordance with our privacy policy, all user identity information and files
stored on the Driveway.com web site will be deleted once services are
discontinued. If you would like to read more about our service terms and
conditions, all of which are subject to the contents of this message, please
access them on our corporate web site:
Your member name is: cypherpunks at toad.com
Your password is: cypherpunks
Driveway URL: The Driveway Team

@_date: 2001-03-02 20:43:58
@_author: registration at driveway.com 
@_subject: Attention Driveway Users - Final Notice 
Dear Driveway user,
FINAL NOTICE!
We want to remind you that as of March 5, 2001, Driveway will discontinue
all Driveway.com file sharing and storage services. We have appreciated your
business and support. This is our final notification regarding the
deactivation of our service.
If you have not already done so, Driveway recommends that you sign up for a
FreeDrive account to meet your online storage needs. To easily transfer your
files from Driveway to FreeDrive, download the data in
your Driveway account to your desktop. Then use FreeDrive's FD Desktop
feature to easily drag and drop your Driveway files from your computer to
FreeDrive is the largest online file storage service with over 13 million
members. In addition to 50 MB of Free space, FreeDrive also offers Chat, CD
Burning, Photo Albums, and more. Just click the link below to sign up:
Again, we thank you for your support of Driveway. Also, please note that in
accordance with our privacy policy, all user identity information and files
stored on the Driveway.com web site will be deleted once services are
discontinued. If you would like to read more about our service terms and
conditions, all of which are subject to the contents of this message, please
access them on our corporate web site:
Username: cypherpunks at toad.com
Password: cypherpunks
URL:  The Driveway Team
