
@_date: 1997-11-15 01:56:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mad as Hell 
Be wary of the faux freedom advocates who hide behind the 10th.  Duke and
his ilk seek to pull the rug out from under the feds so as to impose their
own version of law on their "constituents": CDA-morality rammed down the
throats of hapless citizens living within the wrong borders.
In many cases, State Sovereignty is just another phrase for the "Petty
Bureaucrats Reempowerment Act": moral dictators hiding behind the flag
of freedom.
As for me, I'll take Individual Sovereignty over State Sovereignty on
any day.  The 9th Amendment states:
 "The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be
  construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people."
I leave it as an exercise for the reader to determine what those
"others retained by the people" are.  (hint: I'm not talking about
Civil Rights)
Given the public interest in Court TV and the OJ trials, it seems the US
justice system has become a form of entertainment.  Nothing wrong with
wearing a T-shirt that states the obvious.
How about an interactive TV show called "Kangaroo Court" that lets the
viewers at home be the jury?  "Press 1 to fry him, Press 2 for a slap
on the wrist, Press 3 for ... "

@_date: 1997-11-17 17:08:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Illusion of Freedom 
Assuming he recognizes that he *is* a slave.  Most people are oblivious
to this fact.
'Tis true.  War is a perfect example of what happens when too many
people act irrationally.
I'm interested in avoiding war without becoming a slave in the process.
Anyone else?

@_date: 1997-11-20 10:33:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Great Awakening 
"THE GREAT AWAKENING
"A conservative reaction against the world view of the new science was bound to follow, and the first half of the eighteenth century witnessed a number of religious revivals in both England and America.  They were sometimes desperate efforts to reassert the old values in the face of the new and, oddly enough, were themselves the direct product of the new cult of feeling, a philosophy which argued that man's greatest pleasure was derived from the good he did for others and that his sympathetic emotions (his joy as well as his tears) should not be contained."
 -- The Norton Anthology of American Literature, Third Edition, Volume 1
Being a New Englander, Bob should know about the revivalist of Northampton, Massachusetts: Jonathan Edwards.  His name is synonymous with the "Great As for the religious/ethical awakening that occurred prior to the War between the States, that has generally come to be known as "American Transcendentalism," especially the works of Whitman, Emerson and Thoreau.

@_date: 1997-11-24 02:05:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Great Awakening - Final Post (hopefully) 
Bob Hettinga said it was in the 1800's.  You said you thought it started in the 1500's, going no later than the early 1700's.  Bob retorted that he thought you were confusing the Renaissance with the Great Awakening.  I
chimed in by quoting Norton's Anthology which stated that the period was
in the early 18th century.  Take 10 minutes to "check the archives."  If you look back at my post, you will see that this is what I (and Norton) were claiming.  The early eighteenth century = the early 1700's!  Read my
first post which included the quote from Norton's Anthology.
In other words, we both agree that the Great Awakening ended by the middle
of the eighteenth century (a.k.a., 1700's), not the middle of the nineteenth
century (a.k.a., 1800's) as Bob was claiming.
"Second Turning" has to due with the cyclical theory that the authors of the web page you cited have written about.  The fact is that they refer to that time period (early 1700's/18th c.) as the Great Awakening, not the Second Great Awakening.  If you read the other pages at the site *more carefully* you will see that they were stuffing the Great Awakening into their theory under the category named the Second Turning (out of four, thus the site's name: fourthturning.com).
Notice your Subject: line says 1st Great Awakening, but that you're using the
parenthetically referenced Second Turning as a justification to contradict
what I (and you) have been saying all along.  What's going on here?
How can we have any meaningful discussion on this list when we don't pay any
attention to what we are writing or what others wrote?
 ^^^^
Dig that!

@_date: 1998-02-03 10:01:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bush Gang Suspected In Assault On Presidency 
I heard a certain Dr. Vulis  got his degree in mathematics.

@_date: 1998-02-09 03:49:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
Recently had to renew my DL here in Florida. While we are not forced to give up our fingerprints (yet)we have a new little magnetic strip similar to those on a credit card or ATM card and I can see this as a way for the State to start holding more and more data about us on these I.D.'s (like fingerprints, criminal records, etc...  Coincidentally, that day when I went into my grocery store to get a six pack of brew, I got carded.  I handed my new little card over and the teller and rather than looking at my date of birth she started to swipe the damn thing through her credit card reader machine!  I stopped her, grabbed my DL back and told her to manually enter the date as they have always done.  When she explained that it is against store policy and that she 'had' to swipe any IDs that had the strip I got my keys outta my pocket and all but removed the strip from the back of my little nemesis. Handed it back to her and told her to swipe away; it is against MY policy to provide !
the store with my address. I don't want any damn pepsi coupons mailed to me each time I buy coke, or northern tissue coupons when I buy charmin. Nor do I want the store collecting information on how much beer I buy.
Sure, I want my alchohol purchases going to the Dept of Motor Vehicles and the other State departments...like hell.
My question is, how much information can be stored on these strips?

@_date: 1998-07-14 18:55:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stan & Tim 
Hints that an anonymous poster is Tim may be red herrings. Given Stan's recent "research" into Xian conspiracy,
he may have other enemies than Tim...
[cypherpunk issue: how do you tell that anonymous posts aren't really anonymous?]
That said, I'm surprised at the number of "SPANK" emails directed at Stan. (Especially since they're from
anonymous accounts which he just said he has killfiled. Duh!)
I find some of his posts amusing, some edifying, some boring, but mostly not "clueless", unlike the following
cascade which I've paraphrased slightly:
some nobody said:

@_date: 1998-07-29 16:05:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Spamming 
Hello, McFly? Anybody home? McFly!
When somebody sends mail through the postal service, they pay postage. It
costs the recipient nothing and, if anything, is actually useful for
getting a fire started in the winter. When somebody spams through the
Internet, they pay virtually nothing, yet everybody else gets to pay to
deliver, store, and filter the shit. Then there are the morons who connect
to other peoples' machines and use those to relay mail; that's quite
obviously theft.
Take your spam, for instance. You go out and pay MSN a bit of money for
some account. You mail the Cypherpunks list with your ad for porn or
whatever it was. The list operators then have to deliver it to a few
thousand people. You steal the resources of the CDR operators to deliver
it. You steal the resources of the Cypherpunks to store it. You steal CPU
time all over the place to filter it. You steal bandwidth all over the
place to deliver it.
This is obvious to anybody with more than a few dozen brain cells to rub
together. Then again, this kind of grammatically-challenged and logically
invalid garbage is what I've come to expect from users of lame services
like AOL, Prodigy, MSN, Hotmail, et al. It goes with the territory for
sites which cater to the lowest common denominator.
Right, and they still get to pay for the transmission, temporary storage,
filtering, etc.
Let's see. Say I filter it. My ISP gets the spam. It has to store it. I
log into the POP3 server to get my mail. I have to transfer it. After it's
been stored on the ISP for quite a while, after it's been transmitted,
after it's eaten my bandwidth, and after I've waited around for it to
transfer, I have to blow CPU time to filter it. Yeah, like in postal junk mail the sender is really the one paying, not
the recipient. Your clue check has bounced.
[Remainder of drivel snipped.]
Copy to MSN. Copy to the Cypherpunks list for the other lamers who like to
spam it.
