
@_date: 1998-07-14 20:19:35
@_author: remove5050 at usa.net 
@_subject: Status 
reply to
remove5050 at usa.net
Please excuse this intrusion.
Your Name Has ALREADY BEEN DELETED from our database.
I would like to let you in on a good idea...
I NEVER THOUGHT I'D BE THE ONE TELLING YOU THIS....
I ACTUALLY READ & ACTED ON THIS PIECE OF E-MAIL,
AND THEN WENT TO EUROPE FOR THE HOLIDAYS, PAYING
FOR IT IN CASH!
My name is Matthew Forti ; I'm a 42-year-old father, husband, and
full time scientist.  As a rule, I delete all unsolicited "junk"
e-mail and use my account primarily for business.  I received what
I assumed was this same e-mail countless times and deleted it each time.
About two months ago I received it again and, because of the catchy
subject line, I finally read it. Afterwards, I thought, "OK, I give
in, I'm going to try this. I can certainly afford to invest $20 and,
on the other hand, there is nothing wrong with creating a little
excess cash." I promptly mailed four $5 bills and, after receiving the
reports paid a friend of mine a small fee to send out some e-mail
advertisements for me. After reading the reports, I also learned how
easy it is to bulk e-mail for free!
I was not prepared for the results.  Everyday for the last six weeks,
my P.O. box has been overflowing with $5 bills; many days the excess
fills up an extra mail bin and I've had to upgrade to the corporate-size
box!  I am stunned by all the cash that keeps rolling in!
I promise you, if you follow the directions in this e-mail and be
prepared to eventually set aside about an hour each day to follow
up (and count your money!), you will make at least as much money
as we did.  You don't need to be a whiz at the computer, but I'll
bet you already are. If you can open an envelope, remove the money,
and send an e-mail message, then you're on your way to the bank.
Take the time to read this so you'll understand how easy it is.
Believe me, it works!
GO FOR IT NOW!
Matthew Forti
*       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *       *
You are about to make up to $50,000 - In less than 90 days
Read the enclosed program...THEN READ IT AGAIN!
This is the letter that got my attention.  Read on and I'm sure
you will agree that this is a great plan!
Dear Friend,
The enclosed information is something I almost let slip through
my Fingers. Fortunately, sometime later I re-read everything and
gave some thought and study to it. Please do the same.  It's so
simple to do.
And you won't be left out in the cold to figure it all out yourself.
Look further down in this letter for the information you will
receive from JNC Marketing.  They give you the locations of the best
(FREE SOFTWARE) to send out large quantities of email.
(normally this kind of software is several hundred dollars)
They even give you easy to understand, proven, step by step
instructions for success with this program.  In fact, they helped
me get started and I'm so thankful.  It's hard to believe that this
is as simple as it is, but it really is SIMPLE.  You will even get
support from them to send out a mailing (if you need it).  You won't
get this kind of help from other programs of this nature.  It
makes all the difference in the world.
My name is Anne Bowman. I am 31-year-old graduate student
desperately trying to finish my degree and begin working in
my chosen field--that is, if I am lucky enough to find a job in
the crowded market.  Like most people in this day and age, it
is hard to make ends meet, and being a student does not help
the situation at all ( If I ever have to buy one more box of
macaroni and cheese I think I would have to scream).  I
returned to school after having worked for several years
with little potential for achieving what I had expected
out of life.  I figured if I returned to school and received my
Ph.D. there would be several opportunities for me out there
to achieve my goals.  After seeing my fellow graduate students
receive their degrees and, depressingly, not find respectable
positions in their chosen field I began to think, "Oh no not
again!"  Four extra years in school and an extra $20,000 in
student loans on top of the first $18,000, what will I do if the
same happens to me?"  I began to doubt my patience for the
long term investment in schooling, and decided enough was
enough, "Why can't I make real money now instead of waiting
to graduate with no guarantee of a lucrative return for all of my
efforts!"  I am writing to share my experience with other hopeful
students out there, as well as ANYONE looking for an opportunity
to take their financial situation into their own hands.  I hope you
will consider this opportunity seriously and that this will change
your life FOREVER!.., FINANCIALLY!!!  And once you get
started it takes so little of your time.
In mid October '97, I received this program. I didn't send for
it, or ask for it, they just got my name off a mailing list. I TOOK
THIS AS A SIGN!!!  After reading it several times, to make
sure I was reading it correctly, it made perfect sense.  Here was
a MONEY-MAKING PHENOMENON. I could invest as much
as I wanted to start (about as much as it costs for a pizza!),
without putting me further in debt. After I got a pencil and paper
and figured it out, I would at least get my money back. After
determining that the program is LEGAL and NOT A CHAIN
LETTER, I decided "I HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE".
Initially I sent 15,000 emails, (without any costs to me) only a
couple of hours of my time on-line. The great thing about email
is that I didn't need any money for printing to send out the
program, only the time to fulfill my orders.  There is a vast
on-line market available to everyone who owns a computer.
Following the advice of the person from whom I received this
letter, I am telling you like it is, and I hope it doesn't turn you
off, but I promised myself I would not "rip-off" anyone, no
matter how much money it cost me!  After you receive the
reports they explain everything to you.
In one week, I was starting to receive orders for REPORT By mid November, I had received 40 orders for REPORT When you read the GUARANTEE in the program you will
see that "YOU MUST RECEIVE 15 TO 20 ORDERS FOR
REPORT  WITHIN 2 WEEKS IF YOU DON'T SEND
OUT MORE PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO!" My first step
In making $50,000 in 20 to 90 days was done. By the beginning
of December, I had received 174 orders for REPORT  If you
go back to the GUARANTEE.  "YOU MUST RECEIVE 100 OR
MORE ORDERS FOR REPORT  WITHIN TWO WEEKS.
IF NOT SEND OUT MORE PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO.
ONCE YOU HAVE 100 ORDERS, THE REST IS EASY, RELAX,
YOU WILL MAKE YOUR $50,000 GOAL". Well, I had 174 orders
for REPORT  74 more than I needed. So I sat back and relaxed.
By January 20th, of my emailing of 15,000, I received $54,000 with
more coming in ever day.  The great thing about this program
is you can begin the process over and over again without any limit
on potential income!
I paid off ALL my student loans, and together with everything
I have learned in school, I am now saving in order to open up my
own business related to my field as soon as I graduate. Please take
time to read the attached program. IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE
FOREVER! Remember, it won't work if you don't try it.  This program
does work, but you must follow it EXACTLY!  Especially the rules
of not trying to place your name in a different place on the list. It
doesn't work, you'll lose out on a lot of money! REPORT  explains
this.  ALWAYS follow the guarantee, 15 to 20 orders of REPORT and 100 or more orders for REPORT  and you will make $50,000
or more in 20 to 90 days. I AM LIVING PROOF THAT IT WORKS!!
If you choose not to participate in this program, I'm sorry, It really
a great opportunity with little cost or risk to you. If you choose to
participate, follow the program and you will be on your way to financial
To my fellow graduate students out there, good luck to you and I
sympathize.  And to all other persons in financial trouble consider this
letter a sign and please take advantage of this opportunity.  YOU WON'T
BE DISAPPOINTED!
                                                            Sincerely,
                                                            Anne Bowman
The following testimonial was at the bottom of this letter but it was
too good to leave down there so I moved it up here.  It is exactly how
I felt at first and feel now.
"The first week after I started this program was torture.  I couldn't
wait to see if it was really going to work after I mailed out my first
batch of letters.  I chuckle every day now when I walk out of the
post office with my envelopes.  This is so easy, I still can't believe
it's happening!"
Don Masterson, Troy, NY
This is a LEGAL, LOW-COST, MONEYMAKING PHENOMENON.
PRINT this letter, read the directions, THEN GET STARTED TODAY!
You are about to embark on the most profitable and unique program
you may ever see.  Many times over, it has demonstrated and proven
its ability to generate large amounts of cash.  This program is showing
fantastic appeal with a huge and ever-growing on-line population
desirous of additional  income.
This is a legitimate, LEGAL, moneymaking opportunity.  It does not
require you to come in contact with people, do any hard work, and
best of all, you never have to leave the house, except to get the mail
and go to the bank!
This truly is that lucky break you've been waiting for!  Simply follow
the easy instructions in this letter, and your financial dreams will
come true! When followed correctly, this electronic, multi-level
marketing program works perfectly... 100% OF THE TIME!
Thousands of people have used this program to:
-  Raise capital to start their own business
-  Pay off debts
-  Buy homes, cars, etc.,
-  Even retire!
This is your chance, so read on and get started today!
