
@_date: 1996-11-15 05:58:04
@_author: Stephen Boursy 
@_subject: Censor John Gilmore -- EFF is a disgrace! 
Sent:  Thursday, November 14, 1996 8:30 AM
cypherpunks at toad.com
Jealousy rears it's ugly head.  You just wish you had the credibility
that Dave Hayes has.
Declan has no credibility but quite honestly it doesn't seem to
be worth much effort on the Freedom Knight list to debate
the censorous fool.  Let's keep our energies in that regard
to the public forum where exposure to this type of nonsense
will do the most good.
This Declan_McCullagh is a long-time cabal.member, so his critique
of a Freedom-Knight like Dave Hayes is to be given short shrift.
And again-he's not worth the effort debating privately.  As far as
the mailing list goes I'm sure we can get forwards from some kind
soul and just post the whole thing publically on usenet for
free and open discussion.
None of that analogy is applicable to the cyberpunks list.
When a list gets as big as that, it it no longer to be considered
a "mailing-list" but it is a _public_ forum.  The whole problem
here is the abuse of power by both the EFF and John Gilmore.
  Well then let's put their precious censored mailing list in the public domain.
No, he is saying that people can use an e-mail filter and not listen
to Vulis if they want to.  It was a very simple thing; are you too
uneducated to know how to use an e-mail filter?
  Any idiot can use an email filter-he knows that.  Again-on our
mailing list he's not worth the effort-let's take the subject and their mailing list to usenet.
                                       Steve
Wrong!  The cyberpunks mailing list is PUBLIC property and should
NOT be controlled by John Gilmore!  This just goes to show the real
facist censorship motives that the EFF has behind it.
Time to kill the EFF, and let it rot in hell.  They are disgrace
to the entire InterNet community.  I run 6 different mailing lists,
and have NEVER puled the plug on anyone, even when they criticize me.
The first time is the time when you lose all credibility, and there
is never any forgiveness for a plug-puller.
InterNet Freedom Council
yes, and all you need is a simple mail filter.
Indeed.  The EFF is a disgrace to the entire InterNet.
The EFF is definitely a censorship organization, and
it should never be trusted again.
