
@_date: 2004-08-06 08:22:46
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: New US Passport ID Technology Has High Error Rate 
Here is yet another example of security theater (the illusion of
or enhanced security) being pursued as a matter of national security --
this case, an unbelievable 50% error rate in the security technology
implemented is deemed acceptable enough by the US government to track
Passport ID Technology Has High Error Rate
By Jonathan Krim
Washington Post Staff Writer
Friday, August 6, 2004; Page A01
The State Department is moving ahead with a plan to implant electronic
identification chips in U.S. passports that will allow computer
matching of
facial characteristics, despite warnings that the technology is prone
to a
high rate of error.
Federal researchers, academics, industry experts and some privacy
say the government should instead use more-reliable fingerprints to help
thwart potential terrorists.
The enhanced U.S. passports, scheduled to be issued next spring for
obtaining new or renewed passports, will be the first to include what is
known as biometric information. Such data, which can be a fingerprint, a
picture of parts of eyes or of facial characteristics, is used to verify
identity and help prevent forgery.
Under State Department specifications finalized this month for
companies to
bid on the new system, a chip woven into the cover of the passport would
contain a digital photograph of the traveler's face. That photo could
be compared with an image of the traveler taken at the passport control
station, and also matched against photos of people on government watch
The department chose face recognition to be consistent with standards
adopted by other nations, officials said. Those who drafted the
reasoned that travelers are accustomed to submitting photographs and
find giving fingerprints to be intrusive.
But federal researchers who have tested face-recognition technology say
error rate is unacceptably high -- up to 50 percent if photographs are
without proper lighting. They say the error rate is far lower for
fingerprints, which could be added to the chip without violating the
international standard.
< snip >
The concerns come at a time of heightened terrorism alerts and urgent
for changes in national security from the commission investigating the
11, 2001, attacks. Among its many recommendations were quick adoption of
biometric passports and more secure drivers' licenses, though the
did not specify which type of data should be used.
< snip >
"Facial recognition isn't going to do it for us at large scale," Wayman
said. "If there's a 10 percent error rate with 300 people on a 747,
that's a
According to tests by the National Institute for Standards and
two fingerprints provide an accuracy rate of 99.6 percent. With face
recognition, if the pictures are taken under controlled circumstances
proper illumination, angles and facial expression, the accuracy rate
was 90
< snip >
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-06-23 09:38:34
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: Update on the INDUCE Act (now renamed the "IICA") 
Two updates to last week's note on the so-called INDUCE ACT to stiffen
copyright enforcement activities.   I will also note that the bill
title has
been changed to something a bit more rational than its prior proposed

@_date: 2004-11-22 07:22:27
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: FW: Government Uses Color Laser Printer Technology to Track 
Not a new thing, but an FYI anyway.  :)
Government Uses Color Laser Printer Technology to Track Documents
Mon Nov 22, 4:00 AM ET
Jason Tuohey, Medill News Service
WASHINGTON--Next time you make a printout from your color laser printer,
shine an LED flashlight beam on it and examine it closely with a
glass. You might be able to see the small, scattered yellow dots printer
there that could be used to trace the document back to you.
According to experts, several printer companies quietly encode the
number and the manufacturing code of their color laser printers and
copiers on every document those machines produce. Governments,
including the
United States, already use the hidden markings to track counterfeiters.
Peter Crean, a senior research fellow at Xerox, says his company's laser
printers, copiers and multifunction workstations, such as its
WorkCentre Pro
series, put the "serial number of each machine coded in little yellow
in every printout. The millimeter-sized dots appear about every inch on
page, nestled within the printed words and margins.
"It's a trail back to you, like a license plate," Crean says.
The dots' minuscule size, covering less than one-thousandth of the page,
along with their color combination of yellow on white, makes them
to the naked eye, Crean says. One way to determine if your color laser
applying this tracking process is to shine a blue LED light--say, from a
keychain laser flashlight--on your page and use a magnifier.
Crime Fighting vs. Privacy
Laser-printing technology makes it incredibly easy to counterfeit money
documents, and Crean says the dots, in use in some printers for decades,
allow law enforcement to identify and track down counterfeiters.
However, they could also be employed to track a document back to any
or business that printed it. Although the technology has existed for a
time, printer companies have not been required to notify customers of
Lorelei Pagano, a counterfeiting specialist with the U.S. Secret
stresses that the government uses the embedded serial numbers only when
alerted to a forgery. "The only time any information is gained from
documents is purely in [the case of] a criminal act," she says.
John Morris, a lawyer for The Center for Democracy and Technology, says,
"That type of assurance doesn't really assure me at all, unless there's
type of statute." He adds, "At a bare minimum, there needs to be a
notice to
If the practice disturbs you, don't bother trying to disable the
mechanism--you'll probably just break your printer.
Crean describes the device as a chip located "way in the machine, right
the laser" that embeds the dots when the document "is about 20
billionths of
a second" from printing.
"Standard mischief won't get you around it," Crean adds.
Neither Crean nor Pagano has an estimate of how many laser printers,
copiers, and multifunction devices track documents, but they say that
practice is commonplace among major printer companies.
"The industry absolutely has been extraordinarily helpful [to law
enforcement]," Pagano says.
According to Pagano, counterfeiting cases are brought to the Secret
which checks the documents, determines the brand and serial number of
printer, and contacts the company. Some, like Xerox, have a customer
database, and they share the information with the government.
Crean says Xerox and the government have a good relationship. "The U.S.
government had been on board all along--they would actually come out to
labs," Crean says.
Unlike ink jet printers, laser printers, fax machines, and copiers fire
laser through a mirror and series of lenses to embed the document or
on a page. Such devices range from a little over $100 to more than
and are designed for both home and office.
Crean says Xerox pioneered this technology about 20 years ago, to
fears that their color copiers could easily be used to counterfeit
"We developed the first (encoding mechanism) in house because several
countries had expressed concern about allowing us to sell the printers
their country," Crean says.
Since then, he says, many other companies have adopted the practice.
The United States is not the only country teaming with private industry
fight counterfeiters. A recent article points to the Dutch government as
using similar anticounterfeiting methods, and cites Canon as a company
encoding technology. Canon USA declined to comment.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2006-07-26 10:54:17
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: Police Blotter: Laptop border searches OK'd 
Police Blotter: Laptop border searches OK'd
By Declan McCullagh
Story last modified Wed Jul 26 18:12:18 PDT 2006
"Police blotter" is a weekly CNET News.com report on the intersection of
technology and the law.
What: A business traveler protests the warrantless search and seizure
of his
laptop by Homeland Security at the U.S.-Canada border.
When: 9th Circuit Court of Appeals rules on July 24.
Outcome: Three-judge panel unanimously says that border police may
random searches of laptops without search warrants or probable cause.
searches can include seizing the laptop and subjecting it to extensive
forensic analysis.
What happened, according to court documents:
In January 2004, Stuart Romm traveled to Las Vegas to attend a training
seminar for his new employer. Then, on Feb. 1, Romm continued the
trip by boarding a flight to Kelowna, British Columbia.
Romm was denied entry by the Canadian authorities because of his
history. When he returned to the Seattle-Tacoma airport, he was
by two agents of Homeland Security's Immigration and Customs Enforcement
They asked to search his laptop, and Romm agreed. Agent Camille
Sugrue would
later testify that she used the "EnCase" software to do a forensic
of Romm's hard drive.
That analysis and a subsequent one found some 42 child pornography
which had been present in the cache used by Romm's Web browser and then
deleted. But because in most operating systems, only the directory
entry is
removed when a file is "deleted," the forensic analysis was able to
the actual files.
During the trial, Romm's attorney asked that the evidence from the
search be suppressed. The trial judge disagreed. Romm was eventually
sentenced to two concurrent terms of 10 and 15 years for knowingly
and knowingly possessing child pornography.
The 9th Circuit refused to overturn his conviction, ruling that American
citizens effectively enjoy no right to privacy when stopped at the
"We hold first that the ICE's forensic analysis of Romm's laptop was
permissible without probable cause or a warrant under the border search
doctrine," wrote Judge Carlos Bea. Joining him in the decision were
David Thompson and Betty Fletcher.
Bea cited the 1985 case of U.S. v. Montoya de Hernandez, in which a
arriving in Los Angeles from Columbia was detained. Police believed
she had
swallowed balloons filled with cocaine, even though the court said
they had
no "clear indication" of it and did not have probable cause to search
Nevertheless, the Supreme Court said police could rectally examine De
Hernandez because it was a border crossing and, essentially, anything
(The rectal examination, by the way, did find 88 balloons filled with
cocaine that had been smuggled in her alimentary canal.)
Justices William Brennan and Thurgood Marshall dissented. They said the
situation De Hernandez experienced had "the hallmark of a police state."
"To be sure, the court today invokes precedent stating that neither
cause nor a warrant ever have been required for border searches,"
wrote. "If this is the law as a general matter, I believe it is time
that we
re-examine its foundations."
But Brennan and Marshall were outvoted by their fellow justices, who
that the drug war trumped privacy, citing a "veritable national
crisis in
law enforcement caused by smuggling of illicit narcotics." Today their
decision means that laptop-toting travelers should expect no privacy
As an aside, a report last year from a U.S.-based marijuana activist
U.S. border guards looked through her digital camera snapshots and
browsed through her laptop's contents. A London-based correspondent
for The
Economist magazine once reported similar firsthand experiences, and a
article in The New York Times described how British customs scan
laptops for
sexual material. Here are some tips on using encryption to protect your
Excerpt from the court's opinion (Click here for PDF):
"First, we address whether the forensic analysis of Romm's laptop falls
under the border search exception to the warrant requirement...Under the
border search exception, the government may conduct routine searches of
persons entering the United States without probable cause, reasonable
suspicion, or a warrant. For Fourth Amendment purposes, an international
airport terminal is the "functional equivalent" of a border. Thus,
passengers deplaning from an international flight are subject to routine
border searches.
Romm argues he was not subject to a warrantless border search because he
never legally crossed the U.S.-Canada border. We have held the
must be reasonably certain that the object of a border search has
the border to conduct a valid border search....In all these cases,
the issue was whether the person searched had physically crossed the
There is no authority for the proposition that a person who fails to
legal entry at his destination may freely re-enter the United States;
to the
contrary, he or she may be searched just like any other person
crossing the
Nor will we carve out an "official restraint" exception to the border
doctrine, as Romm advocates. We assume for the sake of argument that a
person who, like Romm, is detained abroad has no opportunity to obtain
foreign contraband. Even so, the border search doctrine is not
limited to
those cases where the searching officers have reason to suspect the
may be carrying foreign contraband. Instead, 'searches made at the
border...are reasonable simply by virtue of the fact that they occur
at the
border.' Thus, the routine border search of Romm's laptop was
regardless whether Romm obtained foreign contraband in Canada or was
"official restraint."
In sum, we hold first that the ICE's forensic analysis of Romm's
laptop was
permissible without probable cause or a warrant under the border search
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-06-23 08:18:22
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: Secret U.S. Program Tracks Global Bank Transfers 
Secret U.S. Program Tracks Global Bank Transfers
The Treasury Dept. program, begun after the Sept. 11 attacks,
attempts to
monitor terrorist financing but raises privacy concerns.
By Josh Meyer and Greg Miller
Times Staff Writers
June 23, 2006
WASHINGTON b The U.S. government, without the knowledge of many banks
their customers, has engaged for years in a secret effort to track
financing by accessing a vast database of confidential information on
transfers of money between banks worldwide.
The program, run by the Treasury Department, is considered a potent
in the war on terrorism because of its ability to clandestinely monitor
financial transactions and map terrorist webs.
It is part of an arsenal of aggressive measures the government has
since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks that yield new intelligence, but
circumvent traditional safeguards against abuse and raise concerns about
intrusions on privacy.
Under this effort, Treasury routinely acquires information about bank
transfers from the world's largest financial communication network,
which is
run by a consortium of financial institutions called the Society for
Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, or SWIFT.
The SWIFT network carries up to 12.7 million messages a day containing
instructions on many of the international transfers of money between
The messages typically include the names and account numbers of bank
customers b from U.S. citizens to major corporations b who are
sending or
receiving funds.
Through the program, Treasury has built an enormous b and ever-growing b
repository of financial records drawn from what is essentially the
nervous system of international banking.
In a major departure from traditional methods of obtaining financial
records, the Treasury Department uses a little-known power b
subpoenas b to collect data from the SWIFT network, which has
operations in
the U.S., including a main computer hub in Manassas, Va. The
subpoenas are
secret and not reviewed by judges or grand juries, as are most criminal
"It's hard to overstate the value of this information," Treasury
John W. Snow said Thursday in a statement he issued after The Times and
other media outlets reported the existence of the Terrorist Finance
SWIFT acknowledged Thursday in response to questions from The Times
that it
has provided data under subpoena since shortly after Sept. 11, 2001, a
striking leap in cooperation from international bankers, who long
such law enforcement intrusions into the confidentiality of their
But SWIFT said in a statement that it has worked with U.S. officials to
restrict the use of the data to terrorism investigations.
The program is part of the Bush administration's dramatic expansion of
intelligence-gathering capabilities, which includes warrantless
eavesdropping on the international phone calls of some U.S. residents.
Critics complain that these efforts are not subject to independent
governmental reviews designed to prevent abuse, and charge that they
with privacy and consumer protection laws in the United States.
Steven Aftergood, director of the Project on Government Secrecy at the
Federation of American Scientists, said the SWIFT program raises similar
issues. "It boils down to a question of oversight, both internal and
external. And in the current circumstances, it is hard to have
confidence in
the efficacy of their oversight," he said. "Their policy is, 'Trust
us,' and
that may not be good enough anymore."
A former senior Treasury official expressed concern that the SWIFT
allows access to vast quantities of sensitive data that could be abused
without safeguards. The official, who said he did not have independent
knowledge of the program, questioned what becomes of the data, some
of it
presumably related to innocent banking customers.
"How do you separate the wheat from the chaff?" the former official
"And what do you do with the chaff?"
More than a dozen current and former U.S. officials discussed the
program on
condition of anonymity, citing its sensitive nature.
The effort runs counter to the expectations of privacy and security
that are
sacrosanct in the worldwide banking community. SWIFT promotes its
largely by touting the network's security, and most of its customers are
unaware that the U.S. government has such extensive access to their
financial information.
U.S. officials, some of whom expressed surprise the program had not
previously been revealed by critics, acknowledged it would be
in the financial community. "It is certainly not going to sit well in
world marketplace," said a former counterterrorism official. "It
could very
likely undermine the integrity of SWIFT."
Bush administration officials asked The Times not to publish information
about the program, contending that disclosure could damage its
and that sufficient safeguards are in place to protect the public.
Dean Baquet, editor of The Times, said: "We weighed the government's
arguments carefully, but in the end we determined that it was in the
interest to publish information about the extraordinary reach of this
program. It is part of the continuing national debate over the
measures employed by the government."
Under the program, Treasury issues a new subpoena once a month, and
turns over huge amounts of electronic financial data, according to
Levey, the department's undersecretary for terrorism and financial
intelligence. The administrative subpoenas are issued under authority
granted in the 1977 International Emergency Economic Powers Act.
The SWIFT information is added to a massive database that officials have
been constructing since shortly after Sept. 11. Levey noted that
SWIFT did
not have the ability to search its own records. "We can, because we
the capability to do that," he said.
Treasury shares the data with the CIA, the FBI and analysts from other
agencies, who can run queries on specific individuals and accounts
to have terrorist connections, Levey said Thursday in an interview
with The
Levey said that "tens of thousands" of searches of the database have
done over the last five years.
The program was initially a closely guarded secret, but it has recently
become known to a wider circle of government officials, former
banking executives and outside experts.
Current and former U.S. officials said the effort has been only
successful against Al Qaeda, which long ago began transferring money
other means, including the highly informal banking system common in
The value of the program, Levey and others said, has been in tracking
and mid-level terrorist operatives and financiers who believe they
have not
been detected, and militant groups, such as Hezbollah, Hamas and
Islamic Jihad, that also operate political and social welfare
It's no secret that the Treasury Department tries to track terrorist
financing, or that those efforts ramped up significantly after the
Sept. 11
terrorist attacks. But the SWIFT program goes far beyond what has been
publicly disclosed about that effort in terms of the amount of financial
data that U.S. intelligence agencies can access.
The program also represents a major tactical shift. U.S.
investigators long
have been able to subpoena records on specific accounts or
transactions when
they could show cause b a painstaking process designed mainly for
evidence. But access to SWIFT enables them to follow suspicious
trails around the globe, identifying new suspects without having to seek
assistance from foreign banks.
SWIFT is a consortium founded in 1973 to replace telex messages. It has
almost 7,900 participating institutions in more than 200 countries b
including Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase Bank, Citibank and Credit
The network handled 2.5 billion financial messages in 2005, including
originating in countries such as Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and the
United Arab
Emirates that the United States scrutinizes closely for terrorist
The system does not execute the actual transfer of funds between
banks; that
is carried out by the Federal Reserve and its international
Rather, banks use the network to transmit instructions about such
For that reason, SWIFT's data is extremely valuable to intelligence
seeking to uncover terrorist webs.
CIA operatives trying to track Osama bin Laden's money in the late 1990s
figured out clandestine ways to access the SWIFT network. But a
former CIA
official said Treasury officials blocked the effort because they did not
want to anger the banking community.
Historically, "there was always a line of contention" inside the
said Paul Pillar, former deputy director of the CIA's counterterrorism
center. "The Treasury position was placing a high priority on the
of the banking system. There was considerable concern from that side
anything that could be seen as compromising the integrity of
Before Sept. 11, a former senior SWIFT executive said, providing
access to
its sensitive data would have been anathema to the Belgium-based
But the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon led to a new
mind-set in many industries, including telecommunications.
SWIFT said the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control
the first subpoena shortly after Sept. 11, seeking "limited sets of
data" to
learn about how Al Qaeda financed the attacks.
Unlike telephone lines and e-mail communications, the SWIFT network
be easily tapped. It uses secure log-ins and state-of-the-art encryption
technology to prevent intercepted messages from being deciphered. "It is
arguably the most secure network on the planet," said the former SWIFT
executive who spoke on condition of anonymity. "This thing is locked
like Fort Knox."
SWIFT said it was responding to compulsory subpoenas and negotiated with
U.S. officials to narrow them and to establish protections for the
of its customers. SWIFT also said it has never given U.S. authorities
access to its network.
"Our fundamental principle has been to preserve the confidentiality
of our
users' data while complying with the lawful obligations in countries
we operate," SWIFT said in its statement.
Current and former U.S. officials familiar with the SWIFT program
it as one of the most valuable weapons in the financial war on
but declined to provide even anecdotal evidence of its successes.
A former high-ranking CIA officer said it has been a success, and
official said it has allowed U.S. counterterrorism officials to follow a
tremendous number of leads. CIA officials pursue leads overseas, and
the FBI
and other agencies pursue leads in the United States, where the CIA is
prohibited from operating.
Officials said the program is relied upon especially heavily when
intelligence chatter from phone and e-mail intercepts suggested an
attack, conveying real-time intelligence for counterterrorism
The former SWIFT executive said much can be learned from network
which require an actual name and address of both the sender and
unlike phone calls and e-mails, in which terrorist operatives can easily
disguise their identities.
"There is a good deal of detail in there," he said.
As the global war on terrorism has succeeded in taking out some senior
terrorists and their financiers, particularly within Al Qaeda, the
organization and its many affiliates have sought to move to hidden
and to transfer their money through proxies such as charities, aid
organizations and corporate fronts.
The officials said the SWIFT information can be used in "link analysis."
That technique allows analysts to identify any person with whom a
terrorist had financial dealings b even those with no connection to
terrorism. That information is then mapped and analyzed to detect
shifts in strategy, specific "hotspot" accounts, and locations that have
become new havens for terrorist activity.
The SWIFT program is just one of the Bush administration's post-Sept. 11
initiatives to collect intelligence that could include information on
The National Security Agency, which can intercept communications
around the
world, is eavesdropping on the telephone calls and e-mails of some U.S.
residents without obtaining warrants. And it has been accused of asking
telecommunications companies to help create a database of the phone-call
records of almost all Americans.
The Justice Department also has asked Internet companies to keep
records of
the websites customers visit and the people they e-mail for two years,
rather than days or weeks, which would greatly expand the government's
ability to track online activity.
Numerous lawsuits have been filed against the government and phone
companies, challenging the NSA efforts. The government has asked
courts to
throw them out, invoking the "state secrets" privilege and arguing that
trials would compromise national security. The NSA's interception of
telephone calls also has been criticized for lacking an independent
process to ensure that the information is not abused.
The SWIFT program raises similar concerns, some critics say.
Privacy advocates have questioned "link analysis" because it can drag in
innocent people who have routine financial dealings with terrorist
And no outside governmental oversight body, such as the Foreign
Surveillance Court or a grand jury, monitors the subpoenas served on
Levey said the program is subject to "robust" checks and balances
to prevent misuse of the data. He noted that requests to access the
data are
reviewed by Treasury's assistant secretary for intelligence; that
can only access the data for terrorism-related searches; and that
are kept of each search and are reviewed by an outside auditor for
Levey said there had been one instance of abuse in which an analyst had
conducted a search that did not meet the terrorist-related criteria. The
analyst was subsequently denied access to the database, he said.
During the last five years, SWIFT officials have raised concerns
about the
scope of the program, particularly at the outset, when it was handing
virtually its entire database. The amount of data handed over each
month has
been winnowed down.
"The safeguards were not all there in September 2001," Levey
"We started narrowing it from the beginning."
New safeguards have been added, he said, noting that SWIFT officials
are now
allowed to be present when analysts search the data and to raise
with top officials.
Officials from other government agencies have raised the issue of
the records for other investigative purposes, but Levey said such
have been rejected b largely out of concern that doing so might erode
support for the program.
Asked what would prevent the data from being used for other purposes
in the
future, Levey said doing so would likely trigger objections from
SWIFT and
the outside auditor.
A SWIFT representative said that Booz Allen Hamilton, an international
consulting firm, is the auditor but provided no further details on
how the
oversight process works.
Although the searches focus on suspected terrorist activity overseas,
officials acknowledged that they do delve into the financial
activities of
Americans, noting that privacy laws don't protect individuals
believed to be
acting as a "foreign terrorist agent."
Officials said the administration has briefed congressional intelligence
committees on the SWIFT program. In contrast, information on the NSA
wiretapping was shared only with key lawmakers. One senior congressional
aide said the committees have "a good handle on what the executive
branch is
doing to track terrorist financing" and are generally supportive of
But the operation seems to have been kept secret from key segments of
banking industry, including senior executives in the United States and
John McKessy, chairman of the SWIFT user group in the United States,
said he
was unaware of any such program. McKessy represents companies and
institutions that are not members of the SWIFT cooperative but use its
messaging system.
SWIFT noted that its published policies clearly indicate that it
with law enforcement authorities and that the subpoenas were "discussed
carefully within the board," made up of members from 25 major banks.
said it has also kept informed an oversight committee drawn from the
banks of the major industrial countries.
The SWIFT program plugs a gap in global efforts to track terrorism
In the United States, law enforcement authorities can access bank
records if
they get permission through the legal process. The FBI also has various
legal ways to get almost instantaneous access to financial records.
And U.S.
banking laws require financial institutions to file Suspicious Activity
Reports, but authorities believe Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups
how to evade the activities that trigger such red flags.
U.S. officials, however, long have complained that they cannot get
access to
financial records overseas and that some requests for cooperation from
foreign governments and financial institutions took months, while others
were rebuffed.
"The sort of 18th century notions on this stuff drive me nuts," said one
senior U.S. counterterrorism official. "Somebody can move money with the
click of a mouse, but it takes me six months to find it. If that is the
world in which we live, you have to understand the costs involved with
The Sept. 11 commission urged the government in its July 2004 report
on the
U.S. intelligence failures leading up to the terrorist attacks to put
emphasis on tracking the flow of funds, rather than seeking to
disrupt them,
to learn how terrorist networks are organized.
Lee Hamilton, a former congressman and co-chairman of the commission who
said he has been briefed on the SWIFT program, said U.S. intelligence
agencies have made significant progress in recent years, but are still
falling short. "I still cannot point to specific successes of our
here on terrorist financing," he said.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-01 07:22:56
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: Spies Among Us 
Spies Among Us
Despite a troubled history, police across the nation are keeping tabs on
ordinary Americans
By David E. Kaplan
In the Atlanta suburbs of DeKalb County, local officials wasted no time
after the 9/11 attacks. The second-most-populous county in Georgia,
the area
is home to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the FBI's
regional headquarters, and other potential terrorist targets. Within
of the attacks, officials there boasted that they had set up the
first local department of homeland security. Dozens of other communities
followed, and, like them, DeKalb County put in for--and got--a series of
generous federal counterterrorism grants. The county received nearly $12
million from Washington, using it to set up, among other things, a
intelligence unit.
The outfit stumbled in 2002, when two of its agents were assigned to
around the county executive. Their job: to determine whether he was
tailed--not by al Qaeda but by a district attorney investigator
looking into
alleged misspending. A year later, one of its plainclothes agents was
photographing a handful of vegan activists handing out antimeat
leaflets in
front of a HoneyBaked Ham store. Police arrested two of the vegans and
demanded that they turn over notes, on which they'd written the
license-plate number of an undercover car, according to the American
Liberties Union, which is now suing the county. An Atlanta
Journal-Constitution editorial neatly summed up the incident: "So now we
know: Glazed hams are safe in DeKalb County."
Glazed hams aren't the only items that America's local cops are
from dubious threats. U.S. News has identified nearly a dozen cases
in which
city and county police, in the name of homeland security, have
surveilled or
harassed animal-rights and antiwar protesters, union activists, and even
library patrons surfing the Web. Unlike with Washington's warrantless
domestic surveillance program, little attention has been focused on
the role
of state and local authorities in the war on terrorism. A U.S.News
found that federal officials have funneled hundreds of millions of
into once discredited state and local police intelligence operations.
Millions more have gone into building up regional law enforcement
to unprecedented levels. In dozens of interviews, officials across the
nation have stressed that the enhanced intelligence work is vital to the
nation's security, but even its biggest boosters worry about a lack of
training and standards. "This is going to be the challenge," says Los
Angeles Police Chief William Bratton, "to ensure that while getting bin
Laden we don't transgress over the law. We've been burned so badly in
past--we can't do that again."
< snip >
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-11 07:01:54
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: NSA has massive database of Americans' phone calls 
It's a BIG Article, but here's a snippet....
"It's the largest database ever assembled in the world," said one  who, like the others who agreed to talk about the NSA's activities,  to be identified by name or affiliation. The agency's goal is "to  create a
database of every call ever made" within the nation's borders, this  You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: The National Security Agency has been secretly collecting the phone call records of tens of millions of Americans, using data provided by AT&T, Verizon and BellSouth, people with direct knowledge of the arrangement told USA TODAY.
The NSA program reaches into homes and businesses across the nation by amassing information about the calls of ordinary Americans b most of whom aren't suspected of any crime. This program does not involve the NSA listening to or recording conversations. But the spy agency is using the data to analyze calling patterns in an effort to detect terrorist activity, sources said in separate interviews.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS: The NSA record collection program
"It's the largest database ever assembled in the world," said one person, who, like the others who agreed to talk about the NSA's activities, declined to be identified by name or affiliation. The agency's goal is "to create a database of every call ever made" within the nation's borders, this person added.
For the customers of these companies, it means that the government has detailed records of calls they made b across town or across the country b to family members, co-workers, business contacts and others.
The three telecommunications companies are working under contract with the NSA, which launched the program in 2001 shortly after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, the sources said. The program is aimed at identifying and tracking suspected terrorists, they said.
The sources would talk only under a guarantee of anonymity because the NSA program is secret.
Air Force Gen. Michael Hayden, nominated Monday by President Bush to become the director of the CIA, headed the NSA from March 1999 to April 2005. In that post, Hayden would have overseen the agency's domestic call-tracking program. Hayden declined to comment about the program.
The NSA's domestic program, as described by sources, is far more expansive than what the White House has acknowledged. Last year, Bush said he had authorized the NSA to eavesdrop b without warrants b on international calls and international e-mails of people suspected of having links to terrorists when one party to the communication is in the USA. Warrants have also not been used in the NSA's efforts to create a national call database.
In defending the previously disclosed program, Bush insisted that the NSA was focused exclusively on international calls. "In other words," Bush explained, "one end of the communication must be outside the United States."
As a result, domestic call records b those of calls that originate and terminate within U.S. borders b were believed to be private.
Sources, however, say that is not the case. With access to records of billions of domestic calls, the NSA has gained a secret window into the communications habits of millions of Americans. Customers' names, street addresses and other personal information are not being handed over as part of NSA's domestic program, the sources said. But the phone numbers the NSA collects can easily be cross-checked with other databases to obtain that information.
Don Weber, a senior spokesman for the NSA, declined to discuss the agency's operations. "Given the nature of the work we do, it would be irresponsible to comment on actual or alleged operational issues; therefore, we have no information to provide," he said. "However, it is important to note that NSA takes its legal responsibilities seriously and operates within the law."
The White House would not discuss the domestic call-tracking program. "There is no domestic surveillance without court approval," said Dana Perino, deputy press secretary, referring to actual eavesdropping.
She added that all national intelligence activities undertaken by the federal government "are lawful, necessary and required for the pursuit of al-Qaeda and affiliated terrorists." All government-sponsored intelligence activities "are carefully reviewed and monitored," Perino said. She also noted that "all appropriate members of Congress have been briefed on the intelligence efforts of the United States."
The government is collecting "external" data on domestic phone calls but is not intercepting "internals," a term for the actual content of the communication, according to a U.S. intelligence official familiar with the program. This kind of data collection from phone companies is not uncommon; it's been done before, though never on this large a scale, the official said. The data are used for "social network analysis," the official said, meaning to study how terrorist networks contact each other and how they are tied together.
Carriers uniquely positioned
AT&T recently merged with SBC and kept the AT&T name. Verizon, BellSouth and AT&T are the nation's three biggest telecommunications companies; they provide local and wireless phone service to more than 200 million customers.
The three carriers control vast networks with the latest communications technologies. They provide an array of services: local and long-distance calling, wireless and high-speed broadband, including video. Their direct access to millions of homes and businesses has them uniquely positioned to help the government keep tabs on the calling habits of Americans.
Among the big telecommunications companies, only Qwest has refused to help the NSA, the sources said. According to multiple sources, Qwest declined to participate because it was uneasy about the legal implications of handing over customer information to the government without warrants.
Qwest's refusal to participate has left the NSA with a hole in its database. Based in Denver, Qwest provides local phone service to 14 million customers in 14 states in the West and Northwest. But AT&T and Verizon also provide some services b primarily long-distance and wireless b to people who live in Qwest's region. Therefore, they can provide the NSA with at least some access in that area.
Created by President Truman in 1952, during the Korean War, the NSA is charged with protecting the United States from foreign security threats. The agency was considered so secret that for years the government refused to even confirm its existence. Government insiders used to joke that NSA stood for "No Such Agency."
In 1975, a congressional investigation revealed that the NSA had been intercepting, without warrants, international communications for more than 20 years at the behest of the CIA and other agencies. The spy campaign, code-named "Shamrock," led to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), which was designed to protect Americans from illegal eavesdropping.
Enacted in 1978, FISA lays out procedures that the U.S. government must follow to conduct electronic surveillance and physical searches of people believed to be engaged in espionage or international terrorism against the United States. A special court, which has 11 members, is responsible for adjudicating requests under FISA.
Over the years, NSA code-cracking techniques have continued to improve along with technology. The agency today is considered expert in the practice of "data mining" b sifting through reams of information in search of patterns. Data mining is just one of many tools NSA analysts and mathematicians use to crack codes and track international communications.
Paul Butler, a former U.S. prosecutor who specialized in terrorism crimes, said FISA approval generally isn't necessary for government data-mining operations. "FISA does not prohibit the government from doing data mining," said Butler, now a partner with the law firm Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld in Washington, D.C.
The caveat, he said, is that "personal identifiers" b such as names, Social Security numbers and street addresses b can't be included as part of the search. "That requires an additional level of probable cause," he said.
The usefulness of the NSA's domestic phone-call database as a counterterrorism tool is unclear. Also unclear is whether the database has been used for other purposes.
The NSA's domestic program raises legal questions. Historically, AT&T and the regional phone companies have required law enforcement agencies to present a court order before they would even consider turning over a customer's calling data. Part of that owed to the personality of the old Bell Telephone System, out of which those companies grew.
Ma Bell's bedrock principle b protection of the customer b guided the company for decades, said Gene Kimmelman, senior public policy director of Consumers Union. "No court order, no customer information b period. That's how it was for decades," he said.
The concern for the customer was also based on law: Under Section 222 of the Communications Act, first passed in 1934, telephone companies are prohibited from giving out information regarding their customers' calling habits: whom a person calls, how often and what routes those calls take to reach their final destination. Inbound calls, as well as wireless calls, also are covered.
The financial penalties for violating Section 222, one of many privacy reinforcements that have been added to the law over the years, can be stiff. The Federal Communications Commission, the nation's top telecommunications regulatory agency, can levy fines of up to $130,000 per day per violation, with a cap of $1.325 million per violation. The FCC has no hard definition of "violation." In practice, that means a single "violation" could cover one customer or 1 million.
In the case of the NSA's international call-tracking program, Bush signed an executive order allowing the NSA to engage in eavesdropping without a warrant. The president and his representatives have since argued that an executive order was sufficient for the agency to proceed. Some civil liberties groups, including the American Civil Liberties Union, disagree.
Companies approached
The NSA's domestic program began soon after the Sept. 11 attacks, according to the sources. Right around that time, they said, NSA representatives approached the nation's biggest telecommunications companies. The agency made an urgent pitch: National security is at risk, and we need your help to protect the country from attacks.
The agency told the companies that it wanted them to turn over their "call-detail records," a complete listing of the calling histories of their millions of customers. In addition, the NSA wanted the carriers to provide updates, which would enable the agency to keep tabs on the nation's calling habits.
The sources said the NSA made clear that it was willing to pay for the cooperation. AT&T, which at the time was headed by C. Michael Armstrong, agreed to help the NSA. So did BellSouth, headed by F. Duane Ackerman; SBC, headed by Ed Whitacre; and Verizon, headed by Ivan Seidenberg.
With that, the NSA's domestic program began in earnest.
AT&T, when asked about the program, replied with a comment prepared for USA TODAY: "We do not comment on matters of national security, except to say that we only assist law enforcement and government agencies charged with protecting national security in strict accordance with the law."
In another prepared comment, BellSouth said: "BellSouth does not provide any confidential customer information to the NSA or any governmental agency without proper legal authority."
Verizon, the USA's No. 2 telecommunications company behind AT&T, gave this statement: "We do not comment on national security matters, we act in full compliance with the law and we are committed to safeguarding our customers' privacy."
Qwest spokesman Robert Charlton said: "We can't talk about this. It's a classified situation."
In December, The New York Times revealed that Bush had authorized the NSA to wiretap, without warrants, international phone calls and e-mails that travel to or from the USA. The following month, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a civil liberties group, filed a class-action lawsuit against AT&T. The lawsuit accuses the company of helping the NSA spy on U.S. phone customers.
Last month, U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales alluded to that possibility. Appearing at a House Judiciary Committee hearing, Gonzales was asked whether he thought the White House has the legal authority to monitor domestic traffic without a warrant. Gonzales' reply: "I wouldn't rule it out." His comment marked the first time a Bush appointee publicly asserted that the White House might have that authority.
Similarities in programs
The domestic and international call-tracking programs have things in common, according to the sources. Both are being conducted without warrants and without the approval of the FISA court. The Bush administration has argued that FISA's procedures are too slow in some cases. Officials, including Gonzales, also make the case that the USA Patriot Act gives them broad authority to protect the safety of the nation's citizens.
The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., would not confirm the existence of the program. In a statement, he said, "I can say generally, however, that our subcommittee has been fully briefed on all aspects of the Terrorist Surveillance Program. ... I remain convinced that the program authorized by the president is lawful and absolutely necessary to protect this nation from future attacks."
The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Pete Hoekstra, R-Mich., declined to comment.
One company differs
One major telecommunications company declined to participate in the program: Qwest.
According to sources familiar with the events, Qwest's CEO at the time, Joe Nacchio, was deeply troubled by the NSA's assertion that Qwest didn't need a court order b or approval under FISA b to proceed. Adding to the tension, Qwest was unclear about who, exactly, would have access to its customers' information and how that information might be used.
Financial implications were also a concern, the sources said. Carriers that illegally divulge calling information can be subjected to heavy fines. The NSA was asking Qwest to turn over millions of records. The fines, in the aggregate, could have been substantial.
The NSA told Qwest that other government agencies, including the FBI, CIA and DEA, also might have access to the database, the sources said. As a matter of practice, the NSA regularly shares its information b known as "product" in intelligence circles b with other intelligence groups. Even so, Qwest's lawyers were troubled by the expansiveness of the NSA request, the sources said.
The NSA, which needed Qwest's participation to completely cover the country, pushed back hard.
Trying to put pressure on Qwest, NSA representatives pointedly told Qwest that it was the lone holdout among the big telecommunications companies. It also tried appealing to Qwest's patriotic side: In one meeting, an NSA representative suggested that Qwest's refusal to contribute to the database could compromise national security, one person recalled.
In addition, the agency suggested that Qwest's foot-dragging might affect its ability to get future classified work with the government. Like other big telecommunications companies, Qwest already had classified contracts and hoped to get more.
Unable to get comfortable with what NSA was proposing, Qwest's lawyers asked NSA to take its proposal to the FISA court. According to the sources, the agency refused.
The NSA's explanation did little to satisfy Qwest's lawyers. "They told (Qwest) they didn't want to do that because FISA might not agree with them," one person recalled. For similar reasons, this person said, NSA rejected Qwest's suggestion of getting a letter of authorization from the U.S. attorney general's office. A second person confirmed this version of events.
In June 2002, Nacchio resigned amid allegations that he had misled investors about Qwest's financial health. But Qwest's legal questions about the NSA request remained.
Unable to reach agreement, Nacchio's successor, Richard Notebaert, finally pulled the plug on the NSA talks in late 2004, the sources said.
Contributing: John Diamond

@_date: 2006-05-14 02:50:28
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: US could access EU data retention information 
US could access EU data retention information
12.05.2006 - 09:50 CET | By Helena Spongenberg
US authorities can get access to EU citizens' data on phone calls,
sms' and
emails, giving a recent EU data-retention law much wider-reaching
consequences than first expected, reports Swedish daily Sydsvenskan.
The EU data retention bill, passed in February after much controversy
with implementation tabled for late 2007, obliges telephone operators
internet service providers to store information on who called who and
emailed who for at least six months, aimed at fighting terrorism and
organised crime.
A week later on 2-3 March, EU and US representatives met in Vienna
for an
informal high level meeting on freedom, security and justice where
the US
expressed interest in the future storage of information.
The US delegation to the meeting "indicated that it was considering
approaching each [EU] member state to ensure that the data collected
on the
basis of the recently adopted Directive on data retention be
accessible to
them," according to the notes of the meeting.
Representatives from the Austrian EU presidency and from the European
Commission said that these data were "accessible like any other data
on the
basis of the existing ... agreements" the notes said.
The EU representatives added that the commission would convene an expert
meeting on the issue.
Under current agreements, if the FBI, for example, is interested in a
of EU citizens from a member state who are involved in an
investigation, the
bureau can ask for help with a prosecutor in that member state.
The national prosecutor then requests telephone operators and internet
service providers for information, which is then passed on to the FBI.
This procedure opens the way for US authorities to get access under
the EU
data-retention law, according to the Swedish newspaper.
In the US itself meanwhile, fury has broken out in the US congress after
reports revealed that the Bush administration covertly collected
phone records of tens of millions of US citizens since the attacks in
York on 11 September 2001.
President George Bush did not deny the allegations in a television
last night, but insisted that his administration had not broken any
) EUobserver.com 2006
Printed from EUobserver.com 14.05.2006
The information may be used for personal and non-commercial use only.
This article and related links can be found at:
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-14 06:47:30
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: Question re: current telco lawsuits 
I know EFF, CPSR, EPIC, ACLU, and others are tracking the NSA monitoring
item and many have filed lawsuits against the telcos for supporting
NSA programs in recent months.
Over this weekend we're seeing both individual and class action suits
against some of the involved telcos, and at least one state public
commission (Maine) reportedly opening up an investigation into the
Has anyone developed, or is anyone developing, an aggregate list of
or planned lawsuits against the telcos -- particularly class actions

@_date: 2007-04-04 03:25:35
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: Judge: Americans need background checks to date internationally 
US Judge Affirms IMBRA: Americans Must Have Criminal Checks Before
Contacting Foreigners on Internet
A new federal law that makes it a crime for Americans to communicate  foreigners on dating websites without criminal background checks is  by a federal judge.
Washington, DC (PRWEB) April 2, 2007 -- On March 26, 2007, a new  federal law
restricting Americans from contacting foreigners through internet dating
sites was upheld by a federal court after a Constitutional challenge  by an
internet dating company. In European Connections v. Alberto Gonzales,
1:06-CV-0426-CC, Judge Clarence Cooper of the US District Court for the
Northern District of Georgia dismissed a lawsuit by European Connections
which claimed that the law violated the right to freedom of speech  in the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. The  plaintiff had
failed to challenge the law based on the First Amendment right to  According to Tristan Laurent, President of the advocacy group Online  Rights, "We will now have to take legal action from the point of view  of the
users of online dating sites. The whole idea that it is now a crime for
American men to send emails to women in other countries is so  it is beyond belief. The judge's ruling that there is no Constitutional
violation in forcing Americans to divulge all sorts of highly personal
information to a complete stranger or scammer abroad before the  American can
even say hello or know to whom he is writing is only exceeded in  by Congress in making the law."
The law was originally called the International Matchmaker Regulation  but it did not pass Congress in previous years by that name and it  was later
named the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act (IMBRA) before it
passed on December 17th, 2005. The law, which was attached to the
reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) was  apparently not
debated in public and Mr. Laurent says that no dating company or  dating site
user was invited to a closed-door Senate hearing in July 2004.
IMBRA makes it a felony for an internet dating company, that primarily
focuses on introducing Americans to foreigners, to allow any American to
communicate with any person of foreign nationality without first  that American to a criminal background check, a sex offender check and
without first having the American certify any previous convictions or
arrests, any previous marriages or divorces any children and all  states of
residence since 18. Match.com is excluded from the law, and the judge  that this exception posed no challenge to the Fifth Amendment equal
protection clause because American women are supposedly not abused by
American men that they meet on the internet, and thus are not in need of
The law was sponsored by Sen. Sam Brownback, R-KS and Sen. Maria  D-WA and was championed by key women's groups. The law was passed after
these groups made claims that foreign women who marry American men are
subjected to higher rates of abuse than are American women. However, the
only study that addresses this issue was done by the INS in 1999 and it
found that the rate of abuse in such international marriages is one- the rate of abuse in domestic marriages. See
 Online Dating Rights Director of Public Relations Jim Peterson said  of the
judge's ruling: "It is a sad day for freedom in our country when an  has to have a criminal background check before he can say 'Hello" to a
foreigner through the internet." He also said that "America is the only
country in the world that regulates communication between two consenting
adults seeking to communicate via internet, with the possible  exceptions of
China and North Korea. Without new email technology, IMBRA could not  been even feasible because people generally sent paper letters to each
other's home addresses just a few years ago. Is it right for the US
government to make a form of communication illegal when it was the  only form
of communication possible just a few years ago?"
The law has been attacked in a bipartisan fashion by prominent feminist
Wendy McElroy
 and by
men's rights supporter David Usher
 and by
immigration attorney Gary Bala
 Mr. Laurent says that his organization has undertaken a fundraising  drive to
raise $100,000 for a class-action suit against the government on  behalf of
all the men who can no longer contact women in Canada, England, Germany,
Russia and the Philippines due to this law. Contributors are asked to  the website at Both Mr. Laurent and Mr. Peterson are available for media interviews but
since both have to work for a living and do not receive federal taxpayer
funding, arrangements for telephone interviews should be made by  email if
possible. Contact Mr. Laurent at onlinedatingrights @ yahoo.com and Mr.
Peterson at veterans @ veteransabroad.com
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-04-29 06:21:26
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: No subject 
Will Bioterror Fears Spawn Science Censorship?
04.25.07 | 2:00 AM
 Since September 11th, people have been increasingly worried about the  of legitimate scientific research to create dangerous weapons or to  security measures. Now a federal advisory board is about to recommend  guidelines to limit publication of life-sciences research that could be
misused by terrorists. I think it's treading on dangerous ground.
Last Thursday, a draft of the rules was formally adopted by the National
Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity, or NSABB, at a meeting in  Maryland. The draft proposes voluntary compliance by scientists,
universities and journals, but leaves open the possibility of federal
legislation to turn the guidelines into law. Indeed, it almost  invites that
result by supporting application of the NSABB recommendations to  that do not receive federal funds -- a result that can only be achieved
through regulation.
As a lawyer for computer security researchers, it is impossible to  this prospect with anything but dread. For example, the proposal (.pdf)
broadly defines "dual use research of concern" as any "research that,  on current understanding, can be reasonably anticipated to provide
knowledge, products, or technologies that could be directly  misapplied by
others to pose a threat to public health and safety, agriculture,  animals, the environment, or materiel."
That's a perfectly reasonable description of an article or paper worth a
closer look before publication. But if this language becomes a  statute that
prohibits publication under some circumstances, the author risks  prosecution if law enforcement disagrees with a scientist, university or
peer-review publication's decision that the research should be  And, legally, I'd find it extremely difficult to advise the author  with any
certainty whether publishing the research is lawful or not. Whose  understanding" applies? What does "reasonably anticipated" mean? When is
research "directly" misapplied, or merely indirectly used? How much of a
risk "poses a threat"?
The NSABB draft also sets out a procedure to follow once a scientist has
identified research of concern. Instead of outright suppression in every
case, the proposal suggests a risk/benefit analysis, which can result  in a
variety of options for communicating the research to the public.
This seems flexible and case-specific, which again, is great in a  but terrible when you are trying to advise a client how to avoid the  risk of
jail. We know that reasonable scientists can and do disagree about these
things. What do prosecutors, judges and juries think?
Rejecting new regulation doesn't mean we have to be subject to the  whims of
bioterrorists. Voluntary self-regulation, ethical training, peer  review and
additional practices currently followed by recombinant DNA researchers,
microbiologists and other scientists all have a track record of  success. And
smart federal laws can control access to pathogens -- and prohibit  practices -- while steering clear of restricting scientific  Until recently, U.S. policy has been to allow the publication of
information, with only narrow controls on classified information.  Then, in
2002, the president signed the National Security Act, which requires  agencies to create procedures to protect "sensitive but unclassified"
knowledge. The statute is unclear about whether these procedures  should take
the form of voluntary guidelines, or regulations with the force of  law, and
whether they'll apply outside of federal agencies. But the NSABB report
appears to be part of the effort to craft such procedures.
The scientists on the board have good reasons for wanting to be  involved in
crafting the guidelines. They want to stop terrorists, and they take the
dangers from dual-use research seriously. They also want to protect the
scientific process, and they believe correctly that if regulation is  to happen, it would be much, much better if scientists were involved.
Once such scientist is NSABB board member David A. Relman, M.D.,  professor of medicine, microbiology and immunology at Stanford  School of Medicine. He told me about a 2004 addition to federal law  criminalizes possession of the smallpox virus. Unfortunately, the  defines the pathogen as any virus that contains 85 percent or greater
sequence similarity to smallpox, effectively outlawing a whole range  of pox
viruses, including the smallpox vaccine. The maximum penalty for  the law is a fine of $2 million dollars and 25 years in prison.
Doctor Relman views his role on the NSABB as helping the government  avoid a
similar kind of mistake in the future. He and his colleagues are  doing us a
service by participating, but they have to be extremely careful that  work is not used to legitimize regulation. Any guidelines should be  clear that they are good only as that -- guidelines.
If the NSABB is not careful, its well-balanced recommendations may  become a
precursor for abandoning voluntary self-regulation in favor of federal
regulation of scientists. Once we have regulations, we will also have
penalties for non-compliance. At that point, the only question left  will be
how much scientific self-determination remains.
- - -
Jennifer Granick is executive director of the Stanford Law School  Center for
Internet and Society and teaches the Cyberlaw Clinic.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-03-02 09:51:03
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: REAL ID: A few brief comments on the requirements 
After skimming through the REAL ID document just-released, here are a
Source document:
Translation:  "REAL ID will not reside in a single database, but
rather in a
collaborative (clustered) environment, with each state's database
constituting one portion of that environment (cluster.)  And it's not a
'national' or 'federal' database because no Federal agency will
operate it."
Splitting hairs here, aren't we? A rose by any other name......
Then to solidify the trust we're being asked to place in our
government, DHS
could start by calling this what it really is when you look past its
wrappings and bureaucratic mumbo-jumbo:  a National ID Card.
Translation: "While it's really difficult, if not impossible, to verify
independently someone's domicile address, it's important to ensure
location information on subjects listed in this new National ID
database to
prevent another 9/11 from happening. But because it's such a hard
requirement to get our hands around -- Americans are just so darn
free and
mobile --  a utility bill or bank statement probably would be good
enough....especially for government work."
Memo to DHS:  Reinforced cockpit doors fixed the primary vulnerability
responsible for 9/11 and were a long-overdue countermeasure.    And
how many members of the American public and/or visiting tourists just
by' a nuclear facility that you need to confirm their IDs before
entry?  Are you saying that this is the case, and I can walk right
into my
local nuclear power plant and see the atoms in action?  If so, you've
much bigger problems to worry about than verifying my ID.
Let's not forget making it easier for identity theft to occur via a
networked cluster of databases containing very private information
and the
likely ability (abuse) to use this de facto National ID card for
purposes or other purposes not even remotely-related to the primary
you cited earlier.
And this beauty, which is, quite literally, the LAST paragraph of
this 160+
page document:
Meaning if you value your privacy and refuse to carry a REAL ID or if
state decides that REAL ID indeed is the cost-prohibitive sham for
that it is and decides to not play with DHS' desire to create a
National ID
card, its citizens will be branded with the post-9/11 version of the
"Scarlett Letter" to let all who see their ID card know that they're
"different" --- or at least not "one of the good guys."  Stigmatized.
Branded. Marked.  Ostracized.  Segregated.  Will we have separate
REAL ID *must* be stopped.  For many reasons.
Archives: Powered by Listbox: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-05-10 04:16:03
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: PBS Frontline 5/15: Domestic Surveillance 
Spying on the Home Front
coming May. 15, 2007 at 9pm (check local listings)
(60 minutes) FRONTLINE addresses an issue of major consequence for all
Americans: Is the Bush administration's domestic war on terrorism
jeopardizing our civil liberties? Reporter Hedrick Smith presents new
material on how the National Security Agency's domestic surveillance  works and examines clashing viewpoints on whether the president has  the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) and infringed on
constitutional protections. In another dramatic story, the program  shows how
the FBI vacuumed up records on 250,000 ordinary Americans who chose Las
Vegas as the destination for their Christmas-New Year's holiday, and the
subsequent revelation that the FBI has misused National Security  Letters to
gather information. Probing such projects as Total Information  and its little known successors, Smith discloses that even former  intelligence officials now worry that the combination of new security
threats, advances in communications technologies, and radical
interpretations of presidential authority may be threatening the  privacy of
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-09-20 08:11:00
@_author: Richard Forno 
@_subject: Privacy: U.S. Airport Screeners Are Watching What You Read 
U.S. Airport Screeners Are Watching What You Read
By Ryan Singel Email 09.20.07 | 2:00 AM
 International travelers concerned about being labeled a terrorist or  runner by secret Homeland Security algorithms may want to be careful  books they read on the plane. Newly revealed records show the  government is
storing such information for years.
Privacy advocates obtained database records showing that the government
routinely records the race of people pulled aside for extra screening as
they enter the country, along with cursory answers given to U.S. border
inspectors about their purpose in traveling. In one case, the records  Electronic Frontier Foundation co-founder John Gilmore's choice of  material, and worry over the number of small flashlights he'd packed  for the
The breadth of the information obtained by the Gilmore-funded Identity
Project (using a Privacy Act request) shows the government's screening
program at the border is actually a "surveillance dragnet," according  to the
group's spokesman Bill Scannell.
"There is so much sensitive information in the documents that it is  that Homeland Security is not playing straight with the American  Scannell said.
The documents show a tiny slice of the massive airline-record collection
stored by the government, as well as the screening records mined for the
controversial Department of Homeland Security passenger-rating system  assigns terrorist scores to travelers entering and leaving the country,
including U.S. citizens.
The so-called Automated Targeting System scrutinizes every airline  entering or leaving the country using classified rules that tell agents
which passengers to give extra screening to and which to deny entry  or exit
from the country.
The system relies on data ranging from the government's 700,000-name
terrorism watch list to data included in airline-travel database  known as Passenger Name Records, which airlines are required to  submit to
the government.
According to government descriptions, ATS mines data from  intelligence, law
enforcement and regulatory databases, looking for linkages in order to
identify "high-risk" targets who may not already be on terrorist  ATS was started in the late 1990s, but was little known until the  issued a notice about the system last fall. The government has  modified the proposed rules for the system, shortening the length of  data is collected and allowing individuals to request some  information used
by the scoring system.
The government stores the PNRs for years and typically includes
destinations, phone and e-mail contact information, meal requests,  health requests, payment information and frequent-flier numbers.
The Identity Project filed Privacy Act requests for five individuals  to see
the data stored on them by the government.
The requests revealed that the PNRs also included information on one
requester's race, the phone numbers of overseas family members given  to the
airlines as emergency contact information, and a record of a purely  flight that had been booked overseas separately from an international
itinerary, according to snippets of the documents shown to Wired News.
The request also revealed the screening system includes inspection notes
from earlier border inspections.
One report about Gilmore notes: "PAX (passenger) has many small  with pot leaves on them. He had a book entitled 'Drugs and Your  Gilmore is an advocate for marijuana legalization.
Another inspection entry noted that Gilmore had "attended computer
conference in Berlin and then traveled around Europe and Asia to visit
friends. 100% baggage exam negative. Resides 554 Clay Street , San
Francisco, CA. PAX is self employed 'Entrepreneur' in computer software
"They are noting people's race and they are writing down what people  Scannell said.
It doesn't matter that Gilmore was reading a book about drugs, rather  Catcher in the Rye, according to Scannell. "A book is a book," Scannell
said. "This is just plain wrong."
The documents, which will be posted to an Identity Project website, have
also turned Scannell against the Department of Homeland Security's  for screening airline passengers inside the United States.
That project, known as Secure Flight, will take watchlist screening  out of
the hands of airlines, by having the airlines send PNR data to the
government ahead of each flight. While earlier versions included  plans to
rate passenger's threat level using data purchased from private  DHS now proposes only to compare data in the PNR against names on the
watchlist, which largely disarmed civil libertarians' opposition to the
That's changed for Scannell now, who sees Secure Flight as just another
version of ATS.
"They want people to get permission to travel," Scannell said. "They  instituted it for leaving and entering the country and now they want  to do
it to visit your Aunt Patty in Cleveland."
The Department of Homeland Security did not respond to a request for
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
