
@_date: 1995-08-02 17:34:49
@_author: Richard Freeman 
@_subject: a hole in PGP 
I don't think this is a very good analogy.  The problems that occur with these
programs don't really occur due to a fault the programs themselves so much as
in their interactions with other programs.  Unix is a very complex OS in the
regard that it allows for a lot of program interaction.  Same thing with
something like windoze - you don't see nearly as many program crashes in DOS
as in windoze, because in DOS only one program operates at a time, and it is
in an environment of the developer's choosing, rather than the user's.  I
personally only use pgp on my DOS machine - primarily because it is secure (or
at least reasonably so).  These wierd interactions are very hard to purposely
orchestrate and I doubt that they could be placed into a program which has
been ported into so many different OS's.  Try reading the source yourself.  It
is pretty well commented, and it doesn't fork or anything so there won't be
any kind of wierd in-program interactions.  I personally subscribe to the fact
that so long as there aren't any errors in the OS or compiler or machine
itself, then the source alone is enough to fully determine the operation of a
single-tasking program.  I don't pretend to understand the mathematics behind idea and RSA and all that (mostly because I haven't had time to read up on them), but it shouldn't be hard to verify that the program does in fact correctly execute the algorithm.
Richard T. Freeman  - finger for pgp key
3D CB AF BD FF E8 0B 10 4E 09 27 00 8D 27 E1 93  - ftp.netaxs.com/people/rfreeman

@_date: 1995-07-11 16:12:14
@_author: Richard Freeman 
@_subject: Don't trust the net too much 
I would have to agree, and since this whole thread seems to be one of those conspiracy things, it is completely unnecessary to cause much at all in the way of physical damage.  No matter who rents the T1 lines and other forms of communication that unite an ISP with the rest of the world, sooner or later they have to enter some sort of communications node.  This could be a satellite or some huge telephone routing center, or any number of things.  If the government wanted you shut down, all they have to do is find one of these things for each redundant line to an ISP and cut them all simultaneously.  I am sure a court order could be obtained very quickly to arrange such a thing, and even this may not be necessary.  I read in some magazine about ten years ago that all US-launched communications satellites contain software that allows the government to ascertain direct control over their functioning.  The purpose stated was that in the event of war the US is highly dependent on commercial satellites for non-military communications and can not afford to have the Soviets (or whatever foreign power) trying to reprogram our satellites utilizing security loopholes on the part of the owning company.  In any case, unless the ISP is actually expecting some terrorist group to attack their center and has taken deliberate steps to protect themselves (an absurdly expensive proposition for just about anyone except the military), I doubt there is much that could prevent even a private citizen from taking them out, let alone a well-organized group.
Richard T. Freeman  - finger for pgp key
3D CB AF BD FF E8 0B 10 4E 09 27 00 8D 27 E1 93  - ftp.netaxs.com/people/rfreeman

@_date: 1995-07-22 15:54:31
@_author: Richard Freeman 
@_subject: The OS wars and DOOM... 
I can think of one good reason for starters:  Microsoft makes Excel.  Microsoft makes Windoze.  Windoze runs on IBM's and Linux runs X-Windows on IBM's.  Microsoft doesn't make Linux which already has a tremendous advantage in cost and capability.  Now how many people would pay to upgrade to Windoze 95 if there were a true multitasking OS which was free and more efficient and capable of operating on more limited systems and with as strong a software base?  If I could get Microsoft Office for Linux, I would have switched myself.  Unfortuantely, I don't have the disk space for both DOS and Linux, and I need the commercial grade word-processors, etc...  There isn't all that much that needs to be added to an OS like Linux to make it easy for the general public (perhaps a set of default settings that don't require much fiddling by a unix wizard).  Finally, once Microsoft promotes a unix-based OS by making software for it, people will start realizing how much free stuff there already is for unix, and they will stop buying all those nifty utility packages that they buy for DOS/Windoze.  And lastly, heaven forbid, people will have access to a windowed OS with command line capability!  Now we couldn't have that now, could we?  :)
Richard T. Freeman  - finger for pgp key
3D CB AF BD FF E8 0B 10 4E 09 27 00 8D 27 E1 93  - ftp.netaxs.com/people/rfreeman
