
@_date: 2000-12-10 23:17:15
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: CDR:Re: The US mis-election - an oportunity for e-voting.. 
In article <001c01c062e0$5db95fc0$0100a8c0 at golem>, "Me" Having a plethora of different standards sure doesn't help..
In Canada, and other countries there is a uniform ballot across the country..something that hopefully will be introduced into the USA real soon. Counting a "X"'s I would think is easier than counting chads on punch card ballots
Polls before the election were correct and the alliance didn't win. If somone wants to revoke bill c-68 they will have to wait 5 years until the next elecion.
BTW. Many thanks to those of you who have replied to my earlier messages on this topic. I hope to answer you within a day or so.

@_date: 2000-12-16 14:50:33
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: Florida Election - Looking back to CFP2000 
I'm reviewing the CFP2000 conference ( proceedings ( and have come across the following paper which I think is relevant to the e-election discussion which has been going on here...
Internet Voting: Spurring or Corrupting Democracy
[In conclusion]..
... We in Florida have consluded that, as long as we compy with our existig laws on election procedures and governmental structure, we can proceed with our efforts to formulate policy in the Technology issue area by examining, testing, and certifying Internet voting systems for pilot-project use. Furthermore, we believe this approach will have NO EFFECT on the political science issue area.
We are considering the certification of precinct-based Internet voting systems when a system vendor introduces a system which will meet or exceed Florida's existing standards for security, privacy and

@_date: 2000-11-12 17:39:27
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: CDR: 6th CACR Information Security Workshop - Slides now online 
Hi folks:
I attended t he Sixth CACR Information Security Workshop in Toronto the other day . The slides presented by the speakers are online and available at the URL's below..
The Sixth CACR Information Security Workshop, also titled the 1st Annual Privacy and Security Workshop,was help on Friday, November 10, 2000 at the Fields Institute, Toronto, Ontario.
Slides for the presentations are available at:
Slides available:
€ Ann Cavoukian
Privacy by Design: Building Trust into Technology
€ David Wallace
Meeting the Challenges og Privacy in the
Ontario Government
€ Barry Sookman
Incorporating Privacy into the Security Domain:
Issues and Solutions
€ Stefan Brands
PKI versus Private Credentials
€ Brenda Watkins
Security and Government On-Line: Getting the Model Right
€ Peter Cullen
Managing the Balance of Privacy - Why it Matters
€ Jo Anne DeLaurentiis
Privacy Protection Made Simple: How technical design
can help you meet your commitment to privacy in the
€ Guy Herriges
The Privacy Impact Assessment Guidelines

@_date: 2000-10-06 19:13:45
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: CDR: Comments on and about e-privacy in Canada 
I thank some of you for posting your comments on the e-privacy bulletin board that the CBC has set-up.
I'm not sure how long the discussion group will last, so please feel free to  continue to share your thoughts on the crypto-canada mailing Here's a message I really like...
 at 119.UM22aQsobAM^4 at .ee768e0
(see e-prvacy discussion section)
I think that it should be written into Canada's constitution that ANY information about any Candadian citizen belongs to that citizen. That any agency who wants to store, retrieve, review, transfer or in any way duplicate that information must obtain formal consent from the citizen involved. That every citizen has the right to know what information an agency is storing about them, and who they have shared this information with.
I think treating personal information with the same rules as private property would solve our privacy fears.
The really scary scenario is that with the proliferation of public video cameras and wireless technologies, our every move may someday be recorded in a database somewhere. Even cars are now being equipped with technologies that track where we are and how we are driving at all times. That is really Orwellian, in my opinion. Cell phones do the same thing by continuously traingulating your position, in fact, if cell nodes didn't do this, cell phones wouldn't work.
The next big wave that is coming, with the convergence of television, telephony, broadband internet and wireless networked home electronics is that everything - even your box of Cheerios will have an IP I attended a recent lecture at UBC that was given by Dr. William J. Raduchel, the Chief Strategy Officer of Sun Microsystems, and he said that Sun and many other companies are hard at work putting the finishing touches on the technology that will make it possible for your fridge to recognize that you are running out of milk, and automatically add it to your shopping list, and automatically shop for it if you want - but here is the really freaky part: In the near future, Dr. Raduchel said that all advertising will be targeted based on your 'electronic behavior'. Picture this: You come home from work and your house sees you coming and the door opens and the net-enabled television in your livingroom comes on, and there is a commercial for Cheerios that says, "Did you know that the box of Cheerios in your cupboard is almost empty?" - and a coupon for Cheerios will print out of your net-enabled refrigerator, and the General Foods corporation will be able to run a report that tells them exactly how many boxes of Cheerios there are sitting in cupboards in wired homes across Canada, and how full each one is.
This is not science fiction - this is reality, and it is coming to a net-enabled home near you.
If you think your privacy is an issue now, just wait until your TV set knows what you had for breakfast, and your toilet knows the blood-sugar levels in your urine, which is automatically appended to your medical records.
Big brother is here, and he is about to become far more powerful that Orwell could have ever imagined.
I encourage you to look this up for yourself, look at the Sun Microsystems website and review the white papers on Jini technology and how companies like Whirlpool are building it into new appliances. Sun is just one example, of course, there are hundreds of companies who enthusiastically embrace these new technologies.
Ken MacAllister Vancouver, BC

@_date: 2000-10-19 22:02:45
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: CDR: Re: The end of privacy: Is technology making us transparent? 
Sent the message too quickly....sorry...
the lecture is being held in Toronto (Canada) at the University of Toronto.
I will try to tape the lecture and make it available in .mp3 format for
those who are unable to attend.
In article ,

@_date: 2000-09-17 14:45:22
@_author: rguerra at yahoo.com 
@_subject: CDR: gpg for palmOS ? 
I would like to know if anyone is working on a port of GPG for the PalmOS ?
I have tried the 2 pgp ports for the palm, however they are not stable

@_date: 2001-04-10 16:18:59
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: Fwd: Privacy Lecture Series: Computer Crime, Search And Seizure 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2281 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-01-10 07:53:42
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: crypto implementation for small footprint devices 
A Canadian company, Certicom  has been developping Elliptic curve crypto libraries for quite a while. Thier software is in many embedded devices and several PDA's including the palm.
hope it's of help

@_date: 2001-01-21 22:21:46
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: Update About D.I.R.T. & email problems 
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, January 21, 2001 13:05
i heard about that (DIRT)... i also heard its just a big hoax. Most anything of that nature will be shot down by the hacking community. Kinda like Carnivore. but anytime you're ever suspicious of anything "hacking" your system just drop by astalavista.box.sk and visit their new0rder section... you can have the anti-hack in just a few seconds... or goto eeye.com and get a copy of Retina Security scanner... it'll tell you exactly what your computer is saying to others and whether or not you're hackable. very nice tool to have if you're worried about security.
                              D.I.R.T. in the News
                Codex files 20 million dollar defamation suit
                             in U.S.Federal Court
                                pressrelease.txt
                               pressrelease.doc
                                  CDSsuit.pdf
     D.I.R.T. premieres June 5, 1998 at SpookTech98 in New York City
                          Network World - July 1998
                               DIRT Bugs Strike!
                              By Winn Schwartau
  "Imagine being able to monitor and intercept data from any PC in the
                           world anytime you want.
                             Then DIRT's for you.
DIRT stands for Data Interception by Remote Transmission, and if Codex Data Systems in Bardonia, New York has anything to say about it, will become the next law enforcement tool to help stop the bad   The cops are having a terrifically hard time dealing with cybercrime, and they all put on-line child pornography at the top of the list because of the emotional response to it. Suspected terrorists, drug traffickers, money launderers, are also potential targets for DIRT as are various criminal organizations which employ anonymity, remote control and encryption to hide themselves. DIRT represents a fabulous, but questionably legal/ethical means of information gathering by intelligence agencies as well as private Thus Frank Jones and Codex Data Systems begat DIRT. "We have to give law enforcement the tools they need to get real criminals. So many of them are now using encryption, DIRT allows law enforcement to read encrypted messages."
DIRT operates surreptitiously like a Trojan Horse. It is transmitted secretly to a target via email in several ways: either as a proprietary protocol, self extracting executable, dummy segment fault, hidden ZIP file, application specific weakness, macro, a steganographic attachment or other methods the company's technical wizard, Eric Schneider will not divulge.
Once the DIRT-Bug is successfully embedded in the target machine, two things occur. One, all keystrokes at the keyboard are secretly captured and when the target machine is connected on-line, it will stealthily transmit the captured
contents to a remotely located DIRT-Control Central for analysis. This is how encryption keys are to be discovered and later used to develop evidence in criminal cases.
Secondly, when the target is on-line, his PC will invisibly behave like an anonymous FTP server, giving the folks at DIRT-Control Center 100% access to all resources. So much for privacy!
Dave Banisar Staff Counsel at the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington, DC. said DIRT "Sounds like something the Stasi would have developed." The problem is enforcement and abuse he points out. "The only way to control this technology is after the fact, during the trial when the police have to show how they obtained When I first saw DIRT demonstrated in New York (June 5, 1998), I thought, "What if this gets out to the entire Internet community. what will happen if we no longer ever trust our email?"
The vast majority of computer crime goes unrecognized, unreported and unprosecuted. Despite the fact that the use of DIRT or a DIRT-like clone developed by the computer underground violates the Computer Abuse Act of 1984 and an assortment of other laws, the ability to control it remains extremely slim. And the uses for DIRT-like software stagger the imagination.
All that someone with DIRT needs to know is your email address. Period. All he has to do is send you an email, with the embedded DIRT-Trojan Horse and he's home free, and you are a clueless victim.
Large organizations usually worry about hackers breaking and entering their networks. Now they have reason to worry that DIRT-Bugs could invade their networks as well; whether launched by an investigating law enforcement authority, international competitors or spies, or just hackers. The last thing in the world they want is for critical workstations to be broadcasting passwords, encryption codes and providing complete system access to whoever controls DIRT-Central.
Unfortunately, most firms with whom I deal have little implementation of the minor policies they have developed. Thus, defending against DIRT can be difficult. However, organizations which utilize NAT and proxies in their firewalls achieve some degree of confidence that DIRT's remote access capability will not function. Just the keyboard strokes (and associated private information) will be broadcast to According to the developers at Codex Data Systems, if you are a solitary PC sitting on a dial-up or a cable modem, there is nothing - today - you can do except don't click on your email attachments. Of course, ignoring email from strangers is always a good idea. But, if I were a cop or a bad guy using DIRT, I would certainly go after your home PC as well as the one at work. It's a whole lot easier, and I am going to learn just as much.
With the advent of more and more powerful Trojans, such as DIRT (which only occupies 20K), the threat to our networked systems gets clearer and clearer. As Frank Jones, the inventor says, "There are no more secrets with DIRT."
                            TechWeek - Sept. 1998
                         Beware the Keystroke Cops
                              by Sarah Ellerman
                          Getting DIRT on criminals
"There is another powerful tool for surreptitiously intercepting data, but it is only available to law enforcement and the military. Called DIRT (Data Interception and Remote Transmission), it was released in June by Codex Data Systems, Inc. Investigators need only know your e-mail address to secretly install the program. Once they do, investigators can read your documents, view your images, download your files and intercept your encryption keys. DIRT was developed to assist law enforcement in pedophilia investigations, but future uses could include drug investigations, money laundering cases and information warfare.
How is DIRT different from Back Orifice? The sale of DIRT is restricted, while Back Orifice is
free for the downloading. Also, there are already fixes available for Back Orifice, but no way yet to defend against DIRT. "
Most feel secure when they encrypt their data, but it's an illusion of comfort if a keystroke monitor is involved. DIRT defeated Pretty Good Privacy in a matter of minutes at a recent conference simply by stealing the user's key as it was typed in."
Internet & Intranet Business & Technology Report - Oct. 1998
D.I.R.T. - The Ultimate Competitive Intelligence Tool by Deb Cameron
"Codex Data Systems, Inc. of New York has created Data Interception for Remote Transmission (DIRT), a surveillance tool designed for law enforcement professionals. DIRT is similar to BO in some respects, but it is smaller (less than 18K versus 120K for BO) and yet more stealthy. It runs as a much lower level process and is virtually undetectable. In addition, it cannot be stopped by firewalls.
DIRT was originally developed to aid in the investigation of child pornographers and other isolated criminals using standalone PCs. By becoming a spy in the user's computer, the law enforcement official can gather needed evidence to successfully prosecute a criminal case. Frank Jones, creator of DIRT, surveyed the market for computer surveillance tools to aid law enforcement professionals. When he found no suitable products, he began developing DIRT, which he continues to enhance.
DIRT logs all keystrokes on the target workstation and transmits them the next time that system is online. Because users type in their encryption pass phrases at the keyboard, which are then transmitted via DIRT, the product helps law enforcement officials decrypt documents and provides them with substantial evidence for criminal investigations. All DIRT communications are encrypted on their way back to the DIRT Control Center, protecting them in case they are intercepted by a random system administrator.
In the latest version of DIRT, the agency need not send the software as an e-mail message at all; the law enforcement agency needs only the e-mail address or the IP address of the target system. (At the very least, the variety of techniques described here should make users wary of dismissing the idea that a third party could install software without their knowledge.)
DIRT currently runs on Windows 95, 98, and NT systems and a Unix version is being developed. Only qualified law enforcement agencies can purchase DIRT; furthermore, Codex currently sells the software only to U.S. law enforcement agencies.
Jones emphasizes that surreptitious surveillance tools, such as Back Orifice and keystroke logging facilities, are illegal to develop or possess in the United States, according to U.S. code 2512. These tools are illegal even if they are used by network administrators unless each end user explicitly agrees to the monitoring.
DIRT is legal because it is a law enforcement tool that can only be sold to law enforcement agencies. DIRT itself is not a threat to the average corporate network, but the knowledge that such a tool exists should make users consider whether their networks are secure. Security is clearly a relative term, and organizations ignore security issues at their own risk."
Detailed Info & Pricing on D.I.R.T. ?
Sale of this technology is restricted to military, government and law enforcement agencies only... For additional information we require a written request on official letterhead signed by an authorized Codex Data Systems, Inc. will be happy to provide a demonstration to any authorized agency
                          Codex Data Systems, Inc.
                                 167 Route 304
                       Bardonia, New York 10954 USA
                               Tel: 914-627-0011
                               Fax: 914-627-0211

@_date: 2001-07-14 21:50:54
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: [Announcement] Nov 1-2, The Human Face of Privacy Technology 
I believe this announcement might be of interest to the folks on here.
2001 Conferences
8th CACR Information Security Workshop
2nd Annual Privacy and Security Workshop
The Human Face of Privacy Technology
November 1 & 2, 2001
Centre for Applied Cryptographic Research (CACR)
University of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
This is the first announcement. Please pass this announcement to any colleagues who might be interested in attending.
Updates, including the abstracts of talks and speaker bios, workshop program, and hotel information, will be posted to this web-site as the information becomes available. This information will also be included in the second announcement to be mailed on July 16, 2001.
The 8th CACR Information Security Workshop: The Human Face of Privacy Technology will be held November 1 & 2, 2001, at the University of Toronto, Canada (exact location to be announced). This is the second annual conference jointly organized by the Information Privacy Commission of Ontario and the Center for Applied Cryptographic Research, University of Waterloo.
WORKSHOP THEME:
Cell phone users were recently outraged when their private conversations were streamed live over the Internet. Digital cell phone users became equally stressed when the wireless encryption standard - 802.11 they had been using to protect their conversations was cracked. Even more disconcerting, places such as Guatemala see human rights workers, using privacy technologies to protect other civil rights groups' identities and the information they report on civil rights abuses, experience daily threats of information theft as well as kidnappings.
Within the last year those involved in developing and implementing technology have experienced a growing awareness of privacy risks within those technologies and a better understanding of privacy averse environments. This awareness has brought to the fore the need to further develop and implement technologies that are privacy protective. Parallel to this, around the globe, economic crime units and law enforcement agencies, governments, businesses and lawyers wrestle with the tools to combat the international specter of cyber crime, while often sidelining key privacy issues. The exploration of privacy and security issues is fundamental to understanding how the construction and implementation of privacy policies and technologies can be improved for the real world.
This year's workshop will explore these and other privacy and security issues through a mix of traditional panel discussions and presentations as well as a Mock Cyber Crime Trial with audience participation and an interactive subject rights counter-surveillance event lead by Dr. Steve Mann, U of Toronto.
The workshop builds on the comments and suggestions provided by last year's delegates and speakers who suggested a further exploration into both leading edge privacy and security technologies and an exploration of the context that these technologies work within. As a result, the conference has been expanded to cover two days, including parallel breakout sessions. Attendee spots have been increased to 210 to meet demand and more time for discussion and networking has been set-aside in the evenings. For early registrants a conference package will be sent out before the event that includes additional material on the conference objective, speakers/organizers and a detailed backgrounder for the scheduled Mock Cyber Crime Trial that will take The intended audience includes technology and security experts, CIO's, senior technology executives, cryptographers, engineers, law enforcement, academics, private sector leaders, privacy experts and * Alcatel Canada
* Certicom Corp.
* Communications Security Establishment, Canadian Federal Government
* Information & Privacy Commission, Ontario
* JetNet Managed Internet Services Inc.
* MITACS
* Pitney Bowes
* Mike Gurski (Conference Chair)
Information & Privacy Commission, Ontario
* Alfred Menezes
Centre for Applied Cryptographic Research (CACR)
University of Waterloo
* Sherry Shannon
Centre for Applied Cryptographic Research (CACR) and SVI Consulting
Program Co-ordinators:
* Dave Banisar, Deputy Director, Privacy International
* Dr. Ann Cavoukian, Information & Privacy Commission, Ontario
* Jennifer Granick, Clinical Director - Center for Internet & Society, Stanford University
* Scott Hutchinson, Sr. Prosecutor, Ontario Ministry of the Attorney General
* Dr. Steven Mann, University of Toronto
* Stephanie Perrin, Chief Privacy Officer, Zero Knowledge & Recipient of the 2001 Electronic Frontier Foundation's Pioneer Award
* Ron Ross, President, Jet Net
* Ari Schwartz, Center for Democracy and Technology
* Lawrence Surtees, IDC & Network World columnist
* Kristen Tsolis, Cyber Terrorism Researcher, US Navy Postgraduate School
* Dr. Scott Vanstone, Founder & Chief Cryptography, Certicom Corp.
* Minky Worden, Electronic Media Director, Human Rights Watch
Workshop Program
Day One
8:00 - 9:00 AM
8:00 - 9:00
Continental Breakfast
9:00 - 9:20
Welcome from the Chair
Ann Cavoukian, Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario. (cf)
9:20 - 10:20
Keynote: Re-inventing Privacy: Imperative for Human Rights Protection
Stephanie Perrin, Chief Privacy Officer, Zero-Knowledge Systems. (cf)
10:20 - 10:50
Refreshment Break
10:50 AM - 12:00 PM
Panel Presentation: A More Transparent Society: Perspectives on subject rights
Dr. Steve Mann, Professor, Computer Engineering Research Group, University of Toronto. (cf)
12:00 - 12:30 (Lunch break)
12:30 - 1:30
Lunch Speaker: Democracy and Limitations on Free Speech and Anonymity
Lawrence Surtees, Reporter - telecommunications and high-technology, Globe & Mail. (cf)
1:30 - 2:10
JetNet Presentation: The Challenges of Turning a Security Company in to a Privacy & Security Company
Ron Ross
2:10 - 4:30
Cybercrime Trial:
Jennifer Granick, Clinical Director - Center for Internet & Society, Stanford. (cf)
Scott Hutchison, Sr. Prosecutor, Ontario Ministry of Attorney General. (cf)
Dave Banisar, Deputy Director, Privacy International (cf)
Kristen Tsolis, Cyber-Terrorism Researcher, U.S. Navy Postgraduate School. (cf)
Technological Crime Unit, Commercial Crime Section, RCMP. (uncf)
Arni Stinnissen, Electronic Crime Team, Anti-Rackets Section, OPP. (uncf)
Allan Manson, Professor of Law, Queen's University. (uncf)
4:30 - 5:30
Conference Adjourns
5:30 - 9:00
Dinner & Entertainment
A night of hot jazz/downtempo grooves by a local band (venue undecided). (uncf)
Day Two
8:00 - 9:00 AM
Continental Breakfast
9:00 - 10:15
Breakout A: Panel: Latest developments in privacy and security technology
IBM Labs/Tivoli (cf)
Dr. Scott Vanstone, Chief Cryptographer, Certicom Corporation. (cf)
Breakout B: Privacy in the Workplace
Mary O'Donoghue, Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario (cf)
10:15 - 11:00
Refreshment Break
11:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Panel Presentation: Wireless Privacy, the Do's and Don'ts of wireless
Ari Schwartz, Sr. Policy Analyst, Center for Democracy & Technology, Washington, D.C. (cf)
Mike Gurski, Sr. Technology Policy Advisor, Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario. (cf)
12:00 - 12:30 (Lunch break)
12:30 - 1:30
Lunch Speaker: Protecting Human Rights With Privacy Technology
Minky Worden, Electronic Media Director, Human Rights Watch. (cf)
Amnesty International (uncf)
1:30 - 3:00
Breakout C:
Critical Analysis methods for the Future: A case study of the cracking of the 802.11 encryption code
Speakers unconfirmed
Breakout D: XXX
Peter Hope-Tindall, dataPrivacy Partners. (cf)
3:00 - 4:30
Concluding Remarks: Challenging Complacence
Brian Beamish, Director, Policy and Compliance, Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario (cf)
Alfred Menezes, Professor, Department of Combinatorics and Optimization, University of Waterloo. (cf)
4:30 PM
Conference Ends
There is no registration fee for guests invited by the sponsors (Certicom, Communications Security Establishment, Information & Privacy Commission, JetNet, MITACS, and Pitney Bowes). The registration fee for other participants is as follows:
* Cdn $300 (US $150).
* For participants affiliated with an academic institution: Cdn $100 (US $75).
Please register as soon as possible as space is limited for this workshop; registration is on a first-come first-serve basis.
Please note that there may be an additional banquet fee of Cdn $30 (US $20) for all registrants who wish to attend the workshop banquet on November 1. Details will be included in the second announcement.
To register, complete, in full, the attached REGISTRATION FORM and return it along with your payment to:
Mrs. Frances Hannigan, C&O Dept.,
University of Waterloo,
Waterloo, Ontario, Canada N2L 3G1.
You may also register by email (fhannigan at math.uwaterloo.ca) or by phone (Frances Hannigan: 519-888-4027).
-----------cut from here-------------------------------
The workshop will be held at The University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario.
Each participant will arrange their own travel and accommodation for the meeting. There are many hotels close to The University of Toronto. A list of hotels will be provided in the second announcement.
The closest airport is Lester Pearson Airport (Toronto Airport).
For further information or to return your Registration, please contact:
Mrs. Frances Hannigan
Department of Combinatorics & Optimization
University of Waterloo
Waterloo, Ontario, Canada N2L 3G1
e-mail: fhannigan at math.uwaterloo.ca
Fax: (519) 725-5441
Phone: (519) 888-4027

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Robert Guerra 
@_subject: No subject 
I'm so pissed off about this idea... You mean like I'd be sued for using
your name in this email? What if my name was "Robert" - do we "share" the
loot when we sue the cypherpunks node owner for using our names? Yuck.
Ownership is irrelevant to information; bits aren't naturally scarce. [What
if I'm using the number "32", which just happens to be your age? Or "174"
which happens to be your weight? What does "any information about any
citizen" mean?]
