
@_date: 1996-04-27 20:46:49
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: www.WhosWhere.com selling access to my employer's passwd file 
If you are involved with the affairs of a large organization, I urge you
to check  to see if they have a bunch of user email
addresses that they shouldn't.
Of course there is little that one can do about this kind of invasion of
privacy. But they don't have to be so fucking blatant and stupid about it.
They have the email addresses of DAEMONS from our password files in their
There is no need for mailbombing, or anything like that. Our lawyers are
simply going to nuke them from orbit. Please check them out before they go
offline, so that you will have a shot at whatever is left.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-04-30 17:19:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WhoWhere.com v. that stanford.edu loon 
Several people asked for an update, so here it is.
WhoWhere.com has been provided a dump of the password file that they may
never have seen before, and they will be purging all 27,128 addresses
therein from its database. Of course, many of those addresses may also
be available from other, publicly available sources, and the Stanford
community has been made well aware of whowhere.com's service (for user
entries), so I expect that thousands of these addresses will return soon.
I am confident that the Parsec folks are now acting in good faith, and
that they are now sensitive to the relevant privacy and ethical issues.
Myself, I'm cognizant of the hypocrisy and foolishness inherent in my
position, but hey, we do what we can with what we got. Until the system
is fixed, I gotta defend my people the best I can.
I'm still reasonably serious about that "Hack Stanford Privacy" thing. If
there is an easy way for outsiders to glean our whole kerberos namespace
(outside of other major universities interconnected via AFS, and we'll
get that fixed Real Soon Now), I want to know about it.
- -rich
 [not on cypherpunks, so please Cc any responses]

@_date: 1996-08-01 16:35:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Jewell is the Militia Bomber!!!! 
Au contraire:
 Let me have men about me that are fat;
 Sleek-headed men, and such as sleep o' nights:
 Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look;
 He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.
        He reads much;
 He is a great observer, and he looks
 Quite through the deeds of men: he loves no plays,
 As thou dost, Antony: he hears no music:
 Seldom he smiles; and smiles in such a sort
 As if he mock'd himself, and scorn'd his spirit
 That could be mov'd to smile at anything.
Which member of the Dream Team does this remind you of?
All I know is:
1. At least one person is dead, and lots more injured.
2. For nothing.
Ferchrissakes, guys, take a step back and look at yourselves. You're playing
the spin control game just as fast and furious as the "bad guys" (?). First
the glee over how easy it was to find bomb-making instructions anywhere,
then saying it was a provocation by the government, now it becomes a
conspiracy against fat people who read gun magazines.  [blue-ribbon disclaimer: it's called sarcasm, son, SARCASM]
 censor the internet!  boycott fadetoblack!

@_date: 1996-08-03 09:53:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Let's Say "No!" to Single, World Versions of Software 
That would certainly be less of a stretch than some other commerce clause
cases. Crypto can be used interstate, and there's a compelling state
interest in form of The Four Horsemen. Heck, we should all thank our lucky
stars that our freedom-loving congresscritters let us use computers at all.
I believe it was Wickard who was told he couldn't grow food to feed his own
pigs because the government has a compelling state interest in keeping
interstate food prices high. Surely terrorism and kiddie porn, which is all
people ever use the net (let alone crypto) for, are even more important than
high food prices. - -rich
 fucking statist

@_date: 1996-08-09 11:09:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
Wouldn't do shit. It's a social problem more than a technological problem.

@_date: 1996-08-09 12:24:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
I agree that this project needed to be done to educate the public, but I
must say I'm glad my name isn't attached to it. To answer legitimate concerns about abuse, perhaps version 2 could make the
relevant http logs publicly available? So in addition to checking the
governor's son's driving record, you could check which other IP addresses
have been looking at the governor's son's driving record. Spider detection
and retaliation would also be nice.
(Of course this would have the side effect of increasing the visibility of
the anonymizer/canadianizer/exonizer services, which would not be a bad
- -rich

@_date: 1996-08-09 16:13:24
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: anarchy cookbook??? 
He blew himself up cooking napalm according to his directions.

@_date: 1996-08-10 04:03:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
What does "legal" have to do with it?
Come on, we all know that McVeigh was set up by ZOG. It was conclusively
proven that the Oklahoma City Federal Building was bombed from the inside
with military explosives, a clear provocation.
What do you mean, "allowed"? The market will decide. If you don't like what
someone has said about you, send Jim Bell an anonymous note. The market will
Fucking statist.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-08-10 04:51:47
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
We did this in California, remember? You just need to target someone who's
been on TV.
I quite agree. But make it a controlled burn. Log everything. Restrict bulk
downloads. You don't need to let the genie all the way out of the bottle to
say "look, a genie."
It might be fun to make the database open for a couple weeks, without a
caveat about logging, and then publish the logs. Allow reverse lookups,
i.e., who looked up my record.  A nice little dragnet of people who are
interested in invading your privacy. For the near-medium term, I am resigned to the fact that government is going
to collect personal information, and that it is going to leak out. I'm just
interested in full disclosure of the leaks, and who is benefiting from them. - -rich

@_date: 1996-08-10 07:36:49
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
I disagree with this goal. The anonymous consumer/worker, yes; the public
has no business knowing what I as an economic actor buy, read, and think. If
I choose to participate fully in the political system, though, in ways that
go beyond votes and petty contributions to others' campaigns, the public has
an interest in my identity and biases. Anonymous voices can and should be
heard, and they can and should be influential at times, but they don't get
to run for office.

@_date: 1996-08-10 10:17:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: John Gilmore on the Radio! 
Did he mention any other body parts?
(Hey, shouldn't there be a SF Bay Area cpunks meeting tomorrow? I'm
otherwise engaged, but I'd have expected to see an announcement of what I'm
missing.)

@_date: 1996-08-10 11:03:24
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Fw: SafE Mail Corporation 
I trust their error was corrected on the relevant list?
I notice they've "sweetened" their "hacker" deal for cracking their
software. Now it's an all-expense-paid trip to North Carolina plus about
$400. Still not worth it, unless you're just pissed off.

@_date: 1996-08-12 16:08:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: DMV/Public record data on CDROM 
Of course not. Don't be silly.
My question is, "Yes, this can be done, but would YOU do it?" But I guess
ethics aren't high on the list of cypherpunk topics. - -rich

@_date: 1996-08-12 19:12:31
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netscape US betas lagging... 
The international version is 3.0b7. The export-controlled version on wwwus
is two revisions and almost a month behind at 3.0b5. Have y'all simply not
had time/inclination to recompile the 128-bit version with the latest
patches, or is there some sort of trouble brewing? - -rich

@_date: 1996-08-14 09:51:01
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Geek Apartments 
The graduate residences at Stanford were built with 10Base2 in 1986, and 50%
of the undergrad dorms were wired with 10BaseT by 1993. So there.
The "secure hubs" at GATech don't do encryption -- no way could that be done
at wire speed. What they do is fill the data portion of the Ethernet packet
with nulls. Everyone gets to see the source and destination MAC address and
length of every packet, but only the recipient (or a very clever spoofer --
most of the "secure hubs" on the market have a few vulnerabilities) gets
the data.
If you run a packet sniffer, all you get are CRC errors (in order to
maintain wire speed, the non-destination ports don't compute one). As far as real-world geek apartments go, I heard of one in Manhattan that
worked exactly as described. I don't know whether they run "secure hubs."
Presumably they would -- I can't think of a major manufacturer's manageable
10BaseT hub that lacks MAC address lockout features.
OTOH, I've heard tell that several of the residential coax experiments run
promiscuously. Everything your neighbor does online, you can see with the
right software.

@_date: 1996-08-14 10:51:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Ostrich Method of dealing with ITAR: PGP from OnNet 
This message is sent from an evaluation version of FTP OnNet32 2.0, which has PGP-
compatible encryption built-in.
This software is distributed from which doesn't have a hell of a lot as technical enforcement of ITAR goes.
You may download the software through the Anonymizer,   if you
By the way, encrypting and decrypting large messages with OnNet is about 10 times
faster than with Private Idaho/PGP for DOS on my P6-200 running NT 3.51. The
user interface is pretty good, too.
Somebody pinch me.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-08-14 15:52:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Geek Apartments and Etherpunks 
[Any lingering cypherpunk-relevant curiosity should probably be directed to
 ]
Change your MAC address to be the same as the hub's. 3Com recently fixed
this. Others might not have. That was true six months ago, but 3Com, Allied, Cabletron, Synoptics, HP,
UB, and others now include it as a matter of course. Asante is the notable
exception. There are some kooks out there, like the people at RIT, who think
that everyone needs switched ports; and a few cheapskates, like management
at a major university in the Palo Alto area, who stick with Asante because
it's cheapest, and trust students to be nice (or at least nice enough to get
caught). Sure they do. You'd have a reasonable assurance that wherever you went,
you'd be the only one seeing your packets -- assuming the backbone is
secure, which you need to assume anyway if you're not doing packet, session,
or application-layer encryption (which is the ultimate goal). The roving
portable computer is a pretty common case nowadays. The only thing a static
table gets you is intruder control.

@_date: 1996-08-17 10:39:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Transparency Of Cyber-Nitrate 
[From: Rich Graves ]
[To: The honourable Vyshinsky ]
[Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com]
OK. I'm a lying capitali$t bastard who's jealous about Zuendel because I am
a J$wish preppie homo$exual righti$(t) ri(c)h pig. You can quote me on that.
Stop pretending to be Detweiler. You're nowhere near as interesting. Welcome
to my cypherpunks killfile.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-08-19 14:28:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Why BlackNet *IS* a Data Haven 
True, for controversial political and artistic materials whose
authors/distributors have an interest in disseminating.
However, with neither a government to enforce contracts nor an identifiable
location/identity that can be used for the private enforcement of, ahem,
contracts, the barrier to entry for anonymous markets in real commercial
products seems rather high. How are buyers and sellers to trust each other?
How do you build reputation capital from zero? Once you have reputation,
transaction costs should be pretty low, but building it?
If what you're selling is a physical product, you're ultimately going to
have a location. If what you're selling is information, how do you
demonstrate the worth and trustworthiness of your data without distributing
it? And once you have distributed it, what's to stop a "counterfeiter" from
redistributing it, stealing your profits before you have had a chance to
establish your reputation capital as the preferred source?
I don't see anonymous digital cash as the tightest bottleneck. Distributed
trust in an anonymous marketplace seems more difficult.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-08-20 07:37:41
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Naked woman decapitates man on Internet!!! 
You just gotta love the headline. Anyone have the URL?
Seen on Newspage headlines; I assume the full text is on ClariNet.           NAKED WOMAN DECAPITATES MAN ON INTERNET - Pictures of a naked young
   woman decapitating a man with a saw are available on the Internet, to
   the consternation of police in Munich who say they are unable to do
   anything about it. [AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE, 175 words]
 who thought the associated press was bad

@_date: 1996-08-20 09:33:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Indonesia detains democracy activist after post to mailing list (fwd) 
Never mind the details. What's important is that this is yet another example
of net censorship, like the Berkeley administration's reading student email
and the FBI's monitoring and disrupting patriot email. It's really sad, the difference between HRW/AI and Wired. You know, Amnesty
has some outstanding policies regarding accuracy, objectivity, and
universality. That's why they're accorded such respect. Human Rights Watch,
which has only been around since the late 70's and committed a few major
faux pas in Central America, is still learning. Wired decided that it had
all the answers years ago.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-08-20 11:25:05
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Naked woman decapitates man on Internet!!! 
There seems to be some confusion about the facts of the case, i.e., whether
the pictures really came from a case that was solved. I assume that that
will all be cleared up, but I'm not laughing anymore. I can imagine some kid gleefully accepting such pics to put up on a
grotesque page as an anti-censorship demonstration -- and then finding out
that he had the only evidence to an unsolved crime.

@_date: 1996-08-20 19:19:08
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
I've heard that story so many times from so many less-than-worthless sources
(primarily the wacky-left "Christic Institute" and KPFK Radio) that I find
it difficult to take it seriously. But I do. The US, Cuban, and
"entrepreneurial" actors in Central America in the 80's were so fucked up
that just about anything is possible. Although... I thought it was pretty funny that today's story matter-of-
factly identified Calero as a CIA agent. Yeah, and registering Republican
makes me Barbara Bush. At least he's not quiting Agee.

@_date: 1996-08-20 19:21:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [RANT] Death of Usenet: Film at 11 
Innaresting. Sort of a reverse NoCeM. I like it, but of course you'd have to
distribute the clients by magic.
Sounds good for discussion groups, especially soc.culture.* and
soc.religion.*, but there's still a role for strictly moderated *.announce
groups.

@_date: 1996-08-21 05:47:59
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Indonesia detains democracy activist after post to mailing  list (fwd) 
In a word, no. I wasn't talking about their policy to oppress the Easter
Bunny, either. I meant their policy of not taking sides, which in Latin America has often
meant that they have less of a left-wing bias than Human Rights Watch. They
do not describe people with loaded terms like "pro-democracy," "worker's
rights advocate," "freedom fighter," or "social justice activist." They say
"this person is in prison for political reasons," and leave it at that.
Usually, they don't even identify the reasons -- just the abuse of state
I've always favored a carefully tailored formalistic approach to human
rights and free speech issues, without taking sides on the underlying issues
of political controversy. Amnesty and the ACLU generally follow this
approach. When they have deviated from that approach to make sweeping
statements not tied to *individual* human rights, as Amnesty's general
opposition to apartheid and the ACLU's guarded support for majority-minority
gerrymandering, I have opposed them.
Happily, most of the time, they stay above the fray, which I believe is the
only appropriate role for a "human rights organization." I have no objection
to anti-communist, anti-fascist, or whatever organizations, but I don't
think they should bill themselves as human rights organizations. The
Wiesenthal Center to be a "human rights organization"; it's an anti-fascist
organization, which does some good, some bad, but always focused on one
issue. Human Rights Watch didn't start out as a "human rights organization"; it started out as an anti-communist organization. They have since broadened
their scope and international coverage considerably, but their history of
making substantitive statements on larger political questions remains.
Ironically, now they tend to show a leftist bias.

@_date: 1996-08-21 06:19:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
You're joking, right? I must admit that the irony of a story fabricated by
the far left being used against the left by the far right is delicious. Just in case you're serious, if you liked Partners in Power, you'll love
this... - -rich
             Gary Hart, George Bush, and Michael Williams
Lean forward in your chairs a little more. Get a little closer to the
monitor. You need to read every word of this, and slowly.
Senator Gary Hart, the man the overwhelming majority of Americans wanted
to be their President in 1988, was eliminated from the U.S. Presidential
race he was expected to win with the biggest landslide in American
history. His elimination from the race was engineered by vice president
(and former C.I.A. Director) George Bush, whose father, Senator Prescott
Bush, personally financed the political career of Adolf Hitler. Bush employed the use of the C.I.A. and other less official criminal
organisations to accomplish his goal of eliminating Hart from the race
after I refused to sabotage the Hart campaign and set Hart up for a
false arrest. The key C.I.A. operative in the scheme to eliminate Hart
from the race was international prostitute, Donna Rice.
After Bush and his band of scary men succeeded in eliminating Hart from
the race, I convinced him to re-enter it, something no one had ever done
before. I formed the "Draft Hart Committee", resurrected his campaign,
and managed it, until he was once again eliminated from the race by Bush
and his C.I.A. co-conspirators. As my "reward" for my work with the Man Who Would Be President, the
fascist criminal tyrant, George Bush, had the F.B.I. arrest me (without
any warrant or indictment), torture me for two years, break up my
family, arrange for the kidnap of my two small daughters, seize
virtually all of my significant assets and property, and, after several
assassination attempts failed (as had the attempted Bush-ordered C.I.A.
assassination of Senators Gary Hart and William Cohen when they flew to
Nicaragua on an Iran-Contra fact-finding mission) exile me to
Switzerland, where I have remained ever since, unable to safely return
to America, the land of my birth.
The story has never been told. Not one American publisher has the
courage to publish it.
It is fashionable in the United States to be a coward today. In the past
nine years, I have been unable to find an attorney willing to properly
represent me in my single-handed fight against the F.B.I. and U.S.
government, which continues to this day, lasting longer than World War
II. So, as it stands, the American people did not get the President they
wanted. Instead of President Hart, they got President Bush, who, along
with Richard M. Nixon and Lyndon B. Johnson led the conspiracy to
assassinate President John F. Kennedy on 22. November 1963 and the coup
d'etat it began. Each of the three men then took turns playing "El
Presidente" ... each of them were nothing more than four-year dictators.
For my role in defending America's liberty and right to vote, I lost
everything I had. The story ... has never been told. Just like the story
of the JFK assassination. You can visit my web site at:
There, you will find enough information about what George Bush and the
fascist U.S. government did to me and my family to ruin your dinner.
Eight days ago, when George Bush visited his numbered bank accounts here
in Berne, one of the highest-ranking officers of the United States
government threatened my life in person. As a matter of fact, I am
risking my life by writing this. Even though very few, if any of you,
give a damn about what happened to me last Wednesday, or that fateful
day of 18 March 1988, when jack-booted thugs with badges broke into my
peaceful Rocky Mountain home, I am here to tell you about it, because,
as Americans, all of you who sit there on your sofas with your cans of
beer and bags of potato chips, doing nothing while your country sinks
even farther down the tubes, into a fascist police state, the likes of
which the world has never known ... you are all, each and every one of
you, equally as responsible for my pain and for the pain of your fellow
patriotic countrymen as George Bush and his gang of liars, traitors and
thieves. Little by little, the truth is trickling out. As I risk my life today, I
now give to you the opportunity to read an article put out by another
group of brave people. You lost your chance for President Hart to save
your nation. Now, read for yourself how the fascist criminal tyrant drug
dealer, George Herbert Walker Bush, who introduced heroin and other
hard drugs to the children of America, prevented you from voting for the
only man who loved his country enough to save it from what it has now
Michael Williams
Patriot in Exile
              Conspiracy Nation -- Vol. 8  Num. 19
             ======================================
                    ("Quid coniuratio est?")

@_date: 1996-08-21 09:05:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Indonesia detains democracy activist after post to mailing list (fwd) 
I have clarified my sarcasm in private email. Apparently there are some new
people here who are unaware that I'm Evil, and thus misinterpreted my
meaning. Anyone who is still confused should check out articles
<199608138907.ZOG at c2.org> and <4urjjj$7v2 at Networking.Stanford.EDU> in
comp.org.eff.talk. - -rich
 fucking statist holocaust fetishist enemy of freedom content-free flamer (tm)

@_date: 1996-08-21 11:59:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
Actually, I'd say that's closer to Lamarckism. The rich get richer, and the
poor get poorer, by the accumulation and inheritance of acquired rather than
innate goods.
If we were thrown back to a natural Darwinian world, I doubt many of us
would last long.

@_date: 1996-08-21 13:05:31
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
So is mailbombing the motherfucker, or more productively, virtually
picketing his ISP until they kick him off for net abuse.
Ethically? We don't talk ethics much here, but I'd say it's highly unethical
to abuse a service paid for by the pooled resources of many.

@_date: 1996-08-21 13:26:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
Lots of footnotes to "confidential interview" do not make a valid study. How
many "well-documented" studies of the Kennedy assassination and UFO
sightings have you read? I followed this wild goose chase to exhaustion back in 1986-7. I've
forgotten most of it, but I'm sure I have some notes and maybe some tapes
lying around. Yes, some contras and some sandinistas and some martistas and
*lots* of the senderos and M-19 ran drugs. That's what happens when you
criminalize a political movement -- political figures become criminals in
order to survive. (When the crime they're involved is simply free trade in
criminalized agricultural products, it just adds another layer of irony.)
There's a kernel of truth and plausibility to most conspiracy theories,
including this one. (It's a big mistake to say *all* conspiracy theories.) However, the money involved was rather small, the process was basically skew
to politics (both sides did it all), and I have never been convinced that
the CIA -- or even North's coterie in the NSC, which as you know ran a
number of ops that the CIA would never have gone for -- was in on it. (ObConspiracy: H. Ross Perot actually was involved in funneling money to the
contras. He was rather open and proud of it. Is he mentioned in Morris's

@_date: 1996-08-21 16:14:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
Good. That's called deterrence.* The market decides.
really don't see you as needing deterrence. When I hear "spam" I think of
the Jeff Slaton/Vernon Hale/Crazy Kev/John Reese variety of carpet-bombing
both Usenet and millions of email addresses indiscriminately. OTOH, if you
really target your audience well, especially if a human and not a bot is in
charge of selecting prospects, then I'd call that "cold calling,"  not
"spamming." Unsolicited email is moderately annoying, but I don't think it's
anything to complain about. I filter all mail from unknown addresses anyway. * - The cool thing about this kind of deterrence is, since you're only
defending virtual turf, you can sabre-rattle to your heart's content without
worrying about having to actually follow through.

@_date: 1996-08-21 16:15:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Utilization Review" 
Oh, that's a different kettle of fish entirely. As a matter of fact I do
have catastrophic coverage only ($2500 annual deductible and other
limitations), but were I less hale and youthful, or had I a family, I would
probably opt for "managed care."
However, you'll find that catastrophic coverage really isn't that much
cheaper than full "managed care," because without intimate knowledge of my
habits and detailed records of regular doctor's visits, the insurance
company doesn't trust me as much as it trusts a "managed care" patient.

@_date: 1996-08-21 21:31:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Activity 
Skippy the Mad Troller  Bcc'd to cypherpunks:
Point of fact: since he came to Canada, Zundel has spent a total of 4 1/2
*days* in minimum-security lockup. The other seven errors in the paragraph
above aren't worth responding to. For further, totally off-topic reading on Skippy and me, see:

@_date: 1996-08-21 21:50:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
I think you should try a more credible paper. Say, Scientology's Freedom
Magazine, rather than the Moonies'. You are of course free to believe
whatever you wish.

@_date: 1996-08-22 08:44:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE]CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
The aspect of the cocaine trade in Miami that is tied up with a conspiracy
to kidnap the mascot of the Miami Dolphins involves "very little" money.
This is not to suggest that the cocaine importation trade as a whole
involves "very little" money.
The supposed Contra Connection -- which as originally made up was not
supposed to involve Miami, by the way, but primarily CA, LA, and TX --
involves "very little" money relative to the Contra budget, and even less
considering how little was supposed to have been passed on, and "very
little" money relative to the total drug trade.
Me too. Only wacky conspiracy theories should be called wacky conspiracy
theories. No, you never suggested the above -- as I said, I heard it mostly
on KPFK, a far-left, "Black Nationalist"-friendly radio station in Los
Angeles associated with the Pacifica Foundation, in the mid-80's. It would
be rather difficult to confuse them with you. :-) I include this example to
indicate where the story originated.
My academic advisor was Terry Karl, a rather sharp critic of the CIA and a
specialist on Central America. I spent a decade on Latin American policy
issues. I personally spoke with Mr. Calero at a (well-picketed) reception at
Stanford in 1989. I had classmates from Nicaragua. Speculative
rumor-mongering by Beltway journalists who can't even read Spanish doesn't
impress me.
In other words, they deny it, so it must be true.
This is backwards. The loons on the left started the story. In 1986, the
press and academia investigated the story, and concluded there was really
nothing to it. Even Chomsky, who welcomes any opportunity to "prove"  a
world conspiracy against leftists, rejected it (this is the same guy who
bought the Allende assassination myth until shortly before Barricada and
Mistral retracted it). Ten years later, another set of loons is trying to
interest the press in a laundered story. A couple of CBS reporters were
trolled, briefly.

@_date: 1996-08-22 09:24:47
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Activity 
You mean stuff like this? :-)
 The one about the Provisional Government of the Republic of Texas is a hoot. The reason you don't hear people wanting to secede from the US is, well,
they don't want to, not because we can't take it. That little incident in
the 1860's was really an international conflict, not a secession.
Some other entertaining sites that would probably be frowned upon in
lily-livered Canada include:   Back to Zundel, the full text of the Supreme Court decision is at
 The
reasoning is rather different than what you said, but maybe you were
thinking of the earlier postal decision, which I haven't read. The latest
attempt at a criminal charge never even got to trial. I also just received a copy of Judge Heald's ruling on the citizenship
matter. Unfortunately, it's a second-generation Xerox that my OCR software
just looks at and laughs. I'll key it in manually if I ever find the time. Essentially, it says the government either has to give him citizenship or
change the law, because the only body that is legally empowered to advise
the Crown whether he's a threat to Canadian society or "of bad charater" has
already concluded that he is, so it can't be objective. Very strange
reasoning, but I agree with the outcome.

@_date: 1996-08-23 07:41:04
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Republican and Democratic party platforms [NOT!] on technology 
One Republican staffer sent you an ass-kissing note quoting an ALLEGED piece
of the platform WHICH IS NOT ACTUALLY THERE. The platform was finalized on
August 12th. The text you quoted is not even in the list of rejected
amendments. I assume that either you or the staffer you talked to innocently
mistook some Senator's position paper for the platform; it's hard to believe
that anyone would intentionally lie about something that is so trivial to
Even if the text you passed on were part of the platform, I fail to see the
importance of a feel-good statement in a platform that the party's
presidential candidate CLAIMS NOT TO HAVE EVEN READ.
Also from the Republican Platform (perhaps out of context, but unlike the
text some anonymous alleged Republican staffer sent you, this is actually
in the platform): In a Dole Administration, U. S. Attorneys will prosecute and jail those who
prey upon the innocent. We support upgrading our interdiction effort by
establishing a Deputy Commissioner for Drug Enforcement within the Customs
Service. We will intensify our intelligence efforts against international
drug traffickers and use whatever means necessary to destroy their
operations and seize their personal accounts.
We support strong penalties, including mandatory minimum sentences, for drug
trafficking, distribution and drug-related crimes.  Drug use is closely
related to crime and recidivism. Drug testing should be made a routine
feature of the criminal justice process at every stage, including the
juvenile justice system. Test results should be used in deciding pretrial
release, sentencing, and probation revocation.
Terrorist states have made a comeback during Bill Clinton's Administration. He has treated their rulers with undue respect and failed to curb their
acquisition of weapons of mass destruction.  Although congressional
Republicans passed anti-terrorism legislation earlier this year, the Clinton
Administration has not implemented many key provisions of the law. It has
not been used to freeze terrorists' assets, deny terrorists' visas, cut off
foreign aid to supporters of terrorist states, or halt terrorist fundraising
in the United States. The Clinton Administration has not implemented the
anti-terrorist research program established and funded by Congress in the
1990 Aviation Security Act.
Our technological edge is at risk not only because of the Clinton
Administration's refusal to sustain an adequate investment in defense
modernization, but also its virtual abandonment of national security-related
export controls.  Acquisition of technology by aspiring proliferators of
weapons of mass destruction has been irresponsibly facilitated. A Republican
Administration will protect the American technological edge. It will do so
by expanding investment in defense modernization, ensuring that the Defense
Department has a key role in approving exports of militarily critical
technology, and restoring the effectiveness of export control regimes.
The intelligence community should be our first line of defense against
terrorism, drug trafficking, nuclear proliferation, and foreign espionage.
Bill Clinton's neglect of our country's intelligence service is one of his
most serious sins of omission. He has underfunded, misutilized, and
marginalized critical intelligence missions and capabilities. No wonder his
first appointee as Director of Central Intelligence has endorsed Bob Dole.
The nation's security - and the personal safety of our citizens - cannot be
placed at risk.
Effective intelligence can be expensive. But what it costs is measured in
dollars rather than lives - an important lesson of the Gulf War. A
Republican Administration will reverse the decline in funding for
intelligence personnel and operations while better managing the development
of futuristic capabilities. We will not constrain U.S. intelligence
personnel with "politically correct"  standards that impede their ability to
collect and act on intelligence information. We will conduct whatever
intelligence operations are necessary to safeguard American lives against
the terrorists who bomb our airplanes and buildings.

@_date: 1996-08-23 10:58:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Mysterious Numbers in Hacked DOJ Pages 
I'm game.
Try the 908 area code, from which the initial report to alt.2600 came. I
haven't tried the number, because I don't want to incriminate myself, but
757 appears to be a valid exchange. The Cisco 1020 has a default password that some people forget to change.
A Boeing 757 went down under mysterious circumstances recently. The time was
approximately 10:20 AM. Why hasn't the press reported whether a close
Clinton associate involved in the Mena affair was aboard that plane? Hmmmmm.
Add the numbers up and you get 1777, "the shot heard 'round the world."
What was going on in Area 51 last week?
1-888-757-1020 is mysteriously "unreachable" now.

@_date: 1996-08-23 11:45:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Spamming 
True in broad outlines, but I think this $6 is exaggerated just a tad. Depends whether you mean the marginal cost of an unsubsidized piece of 1st
class mail given the current infrastructure, or the share of a hypothetical
1st class-only mail system, I suppose.
Actually, if you're a consumer-scale mailer, it's a good argument for
keeping the USPS heavily regulated. It certainly helps lubricate the flow of
free speech among individuals and small groups.

@_date: 1996-08-23 21:21:55
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Racists Speak Up For Crypto 
Come on, Skippy, you know Ingrid doesn't like to be called "racist."
But seriously, any time she forwards something from Declan that actually
advances freedom, I think that's great.

@_date: 1996-08-24 09:21:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Future Of Cyber Terrorism 
Comes with the territory (excuse me, as they say, *CyberTerritory*).
Speak for yourself :-)
IOW, perfect for cypherpunks. :-)
I was *almost* willing to give them the benefit of the doubt until I saw the
PO box and this:
  "Now is the time to take action. Unfortunately, due to this open nature of
  this document, specific counter-CyberTerrorism measures cannot be
  discussed. Those discussions must be reserved for secured facilities."

@_date: 1996-08-27 10:00:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: GIFs of Observer [UK] anti-Net, anti-Remailer fear-mongering 
Blatant copyright violation at:
 It's a couple of 105K GIFs. US Copyright terrorists may wish to mirror this
information lest the intrepid Scallywag melt down.

@_date: 1996-08-27 10:27:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Observer [UK] editorializes against online freedoms (fwd) 
Information longs to be free, even if some forums aren't...
We've put scans of the full story onto The source is a reporter for a competing newspaper.
A nice technical response to some of the factual innacuracies in The
Observer piece. Not quite the way I would have done it . . . but good
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I. T. Consultancy Limited
Our reference  L2217
The Editor
The Observer
119 Farringdon Road
London EC1R 3ER
26 August 1996
AN OPEN LETTER - FOR PUBLICATION
I read with some interest the article by David Connett and Jon Henley
in yesterday's edition regarding the Internet and child pornography.
I was particularly interested as I am a computer consultant advising
clients on Internet issues.
In my professional opinion, the technical standard of the reporting
was sufficiently poor as to be both inaccurate and misleading.  The
purpose of this letter is to clarify certain technical issues which
might cause your readers to reach unfounded or incorrect conclusions.
It is important to be aware of the various methods by which
information generally (which can include pornography) is distributed
around the Internet.  Your article focuses on one particular route,
namely Newsgroups.  It is Newsgroups which are detailed in the
Metropolitan Police's letter to Internet Providers and which are
concentrated upon by your article.  There are several other means of
distributing information.  I believe however that the Police letter
lists fewer than the 150 groups referred to by the authors.
Interestingly enough Newsgroups only offer the means of broadcasting
information to anyone who wants to retrieve it.
The authors do not appear to have a sufficient grasp of what a
"remailer" does.  For example they seem to draw a direct link between
the use of such remailers and people being able to "log on and
participate in 'live' and 'interactive' filmed sessions".  A lay
reader would perhaps draw the inference that the remailer is somehow
involved in any such live participation.  Unfortunately this could
not be further from the truth.  Remailers simply allow people to post
messages, either as email to other people or to Newsgroups for
general reading.  Nothing more.  Remailers are generally incapable of
being "logged on" to.
Your article also refers to "remailing companies", from which the lay
reader might infer that remailers are operated for commercial profit.
Such an inference would again be wholly incorrect.  I know of no
organisation operating a remailer for profit, indeed none of them
even charge for their services.  They are generally run by
individuals on a voluntary basis who consider them as a service to
the Internet community.  Your article appears not to mention any of
the purposes of such remailers other than in terms of the
distribution of pornography.  In my view it would be difficult to
present a balanced article without doing so.
Different remailers take different steps to prevent whatever their
operators consider as "abuse".  My understanding is that Mr.
Helsingius' service restricts messages to 48k bytes (or characters)
and prohibits postings to the "binaries" newsgroups designated for
images.  I also understand that it only allows 30 messages per user
per day.  At a technical level these restrictions would make it
almost impossible to use his service for mass distribution of any
binary data, not just pornography.
It therefore appears surprising to me that your article should allege
that Mr. Helsingius' remailer is responsible for handling "90 per
cent of all child pornography" on the Internet.  I wonder what
substantiating evidence The Observer has to this effect other than
the alleged claim by Toby Tyler.  Indeed it appears from your article
that the words "is supplied through this remailer" may not be a
direct quote from Toby Tyler.
Your article alleges that "the photographs made available to Demon's
subscribers through the Internet are supplied anonymously by
remailing companies".  The lay reader might infer from this that all
photographs therefore come via remailers.  Again this would be far
from the truth.
Finally I hope this letter offers some assistance to your readers in
clarifying a number of issues which were perhaps less than clear in
your article.  Given your newspaper's difficulties with technical
issues, I would be grateful if you would kindly refer any editing of
this letter to me prior to publication.
Yours faithfully,
Matthew Richardson

@_date: 1996-08-29 09:53:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Scoring Politicians on Digital Liberty Issues (Re: Net Politics) 
I don't think an overall numerical score would be very useful, given the
inevitable squabbling over how to weight different questions. Leahy voted
for DT and against CDA; Burns voted for CDA and against DT. Who is worse?
NOTE: The above is intended as a rhetorical question!

@_date: 1996-02-01 22:28:55
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: Tim's paranoid rant about Declan appearing on "Europe's Most Wanted" 
OK, I didn't want to sow dissension in the ranks, but this is just too much, and Declan has not given a satisfactory response to direct email. I disagree. It is clear to me that there is absolutely no cloud hanging over us. If any German court tried to press charges against me for posting Zendel's materials, they'd be laughed across the Argonne. Most mainstream Jewish groups *love* me right now.
I find it curious, and I am beginning to get a little annoyed, that my
name is rarely mentioned, though I set up the first mirror, and Declan got
the files from me. I am very annoyed that Declan has not responded to repeated requests to
remove the cleartext "Stanford University" from the parts of his Web site
that mention me. Of course the stanford.edu, or at least net 36.190, will
remain in the URL, but there is no reason that the link text could not say
"Rich Graves' mirror." First Declan sent me mail saying he would respect
my wishes, but he didn't. Then a friend of mine reminded Declan of my
request, and Declan responded with abuse. I do not object to the cleartext "Stanford University" because anyone is
pressuring me to remove the page. Far from it; almost every personal
response has been positive, and the student newspaper, at
www-daily.stanford.edu, is going to run a positive story tomorrow or the
next day. Rather, I object simply because I do not represent Stanford
University, and it is an intellectually dishonest abuse of power to
suggest in any way that I do. Declan wants me to believe that this disclaimer is enough:
       "Please note that the
       existence of a web site at any particular institution does not
       in any way imply endorsement. Universities and businesses
       do not take responsibility for what their community members
       or customers place online."
This is clearly untrue when the person in question is a staff member, as I
am. Were I still a student, then I could more legitimately say that I'm a
student at Stanford, and that I have the academic freedom to post whatever
I want; but as someone who now merely works for a living at Stanford, I do
whatever I want by the (very) good graces of my (very good) employer. Should we have forced Marianne to state her affiliation for the TV cameras
last Saturday? Yes, far too fast. Otherwise good people aren't thinking about what
they're doing in their glee to "fight censorship." France doesn't want anyone for the Mitterand book, which was not, in fact, criminally banned. It was censured, not censored, in a civil trial. Declan is distorting the facts to suit his ego as Mr. Anti-Censorship.
I find this breast-beating hype embarrassing and dishonest, and I am seriously beginning to regret giving the Zundel files to Declan. Had I known what he was going to do with them, and how he was going to behave, I would have retained closer control.
One mirror site was enough. The German providers would not have blocked
stanford.edu had it remained the only mirror site. The President of
Stanford, Gerhard Casper, is a recognized constitutional scholar from
Germany. The Stanford Provost, Condoleezza Rice, was one of the two or three people most responsible for the Bush Administration's policy towards German Unification. Dozens of Stanford students have studied in Had they blocked stanford.edu, or had they gotten through to Stanford and somehow gotten Stanford to force me to take down the pages, then we would have set up more mirrors. I would have started, and maybe stopped, by setting up mirrors on c2.org and netcom.com. Graduated response. Germany has in fact blocked no sites beyond webcom.com. I have the
patience to wait a week for the German political authorities to wake up
and smell the bratwurst. Declan is himself becoming a sort of revisionist, loose with the facts.
This is ludicrous. I expect better from you.
This is paranoid bullshit.
Most of the Jewish organizations I have talked to grudgingly applaud the Zundelsite mirrors. Some actively applaud them. The Wiesenthal Center, of course, is "different." They haven't answered email, and I haven't had time to call them.
Censorship is dying, destroyed by truth.
Please don't spoil the party with this paranoid bullshit.
Ernst Zundel is a lying Nazi asshole who wants you to believe that there is a Global Jewish Conspiracy to censor him. Fuck him.
Declan, if you don't fix up your page the way I want it by morning (please
not that you have three more hours of morning than I do), I will post a
modified (spell-checked) version of this note on my Web page, to
alt.censorship, and to your "fight-censorship" mailing list.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-01-10 02:29:07
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: Anyone using Microsoft Access 95? 
Have a hackmsoft submission that needs fleshing out. Not enough general
interest to post in detail. Basically, you're supposed to be able to spoof
the database server as any user.

@_date: 1996-01-30 11:48:44
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: [NOISY] Deutsche Telekom <--> webcom.com "routing troubles" 
[Capsule summary: the largest German Internet provider has blocked access
 to webcom.com at the router lever because of one out of a thousand
 subscribers' files, which violate German anti-Nazi laws.]
Someone please inform Deutsche Telekom and the relevant prosecutors that
by the time they read this (i.e., within an hour), selected files from
Zundel's holocaust-denial archives (which make me sick, but that's beside
the point) will be available at the AFS path:  /afs/ir.stanford.edu/users/l/llurch/WWW/Not_By_Me_Not_My_Views/
One of the ways this directory can be reached is through:
 Indeed, a simple symlink would be sufficient to make these files available
on any other server at any other organization that mounts AFS, which
include uni-freiburg.de, mathematik-cip.uni-stuttgart.de, ifh.de, desy.de,
zdvpool.uni-tuebingen.de, zdvpool.uni-tuebingen.de, ipp-garching.mpg.de,
afs-math.zib-berlin.de, lrz-muenchen.de, and a dozen other sites in
Germany. To be safe, Deutsche Telekom would have to firewall the entire world.
For information on the global distributed AFS file system, which is used
by most major US universities, see For my views on the Holocaust, see  which unfortunately seems to be unreachable from the US at the moment because of a routing loop at Seattle.mci.net.
These files will be removed from my directories and replaced by a pointer
to the original URLs if/when it appears that no organization, public or
private, is actively suppressing them. I'm not interested in providing
free Web space. It took only four email messages and a half hour of my time to set this up. You're kidding yourself if you believe that censorship is even halfway effective, much less wise, in the digital age.
The proper response to people like Zundel is documentation and refutation,
such as is practiced by the Nizkor (Remember) project, I plan to play an active role in distributing Zundel's files only as long
as necessary to prove the censorship point, because I don't want to give
him free space. But I will personally archive his files because I believe
that lies like these should be saved as such, not smothered. - -rich

@_date: 1996-07-13 14:01:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
They're paying for the call. They've got a right to know. Otherwise, you
could cause a lot of damage with a robo-dialer. It would certainly be nice
if the phone company told you about this up-front, though.
If you need it, a free anonymous re-phoner is documented at:
 - -rich

@_date: 1996-07-16 12:31:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WashPost: A "hate speech" horseman of a different color 
Search July 15th  for "massive armamentarium" [sic].
With Innovative Use, the Web Empowers the First Amendment
By John Schwartz Washington Post Staff Writer Monday, July 15 1996; Page F19
The Washington Post
Lately, though, I've gotten a nice, big dose of hope from watching hatemongers on the Net as they duke it out with the truth-squaders. In any intellectual combat, those who can support their arguments with facts are better armed. And guess what? The Internet gives us a new kind of arsenal.
That might go against what you've been reading. A lot of journalists are discovering "hate speech" on the Internet -- racism, antisemitism, the whole vile package. It's the cover story for the current issue of Emerge, with the arresting image of a mouse cord tied in a noose. Such groups as the Simon Wiesenthal Center in California try to persuade publications to run stories on this loathsome trend, and they urge governments to drive those who spread messages of hate off the Net.
The on-line guest book at Nizkor is an evolving testament to the power "As the child of survivors of the Holocaust I am particularly dismayed when intelligent and reasonable people are influenced by revisionist pap. I'm often frustrated to the point where I'd sooner tolerate censorship than the promulgation of neo-Nazi lies. Your work restores my faith in reasoned debate and the drive of honest people to find and spread the truth."
Memo to the Founders: Thanks, guys. You got it right.

@_date: 1996-07-22 18:41:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: the VTW---FBI Connection 
Damn, he's onto us. Special Agent Allbery, your cover is blown.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-07-23 17:54:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Special Agent Safdar 
No, he's not a special agent, silly; just a regular old agent.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-07-23 19:10:20
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Canada investigating Net-regulations -- call CBC-Radio now! 
[Cypherpunk relevance: Lemire's CD includes both US/Canadian and
international versions of PGP. I say ship the CD to third-world countries
with repressive racist regimes.]
I told the CBC what I thought of the Wiesenthal Center's misguided campaign,
and Lemire, yesterday. If you want to know more about Marc Lemire's controversial opinions, the CD
I bought from him recently arrived. The man's got quite an enemies' list,
with closeup GIFs of some big names. If you want a peek, remail me an
encrypted note and we'll work something out.
Connoisseurs of the genre will especially enjoy the commies, pictures\jews,
pictures\leftists, and pictures\traitors directories. I'd prefer to upload
the files to your server, since I don't currently have a spare box with
500MB disk that I can use for this.
People in the SF Bay Area are welcome to borrow the CD, all 528 MB of which
seems to be in the public domain. I've already copied all the files to local
disk. Anyone know a place in the South Bay where I could reproduce CDs, cheap? I
know I can beat his $30, but I'm not sure by how much.
Like hell I want to censor this stuff. There's a lot of money to be made
in racism if the price is right. Just ask Lyle Stuart.
Btw, Lemire's the guy who uploaded the Zundelsite files to the mirror sites. I include my original correspondence with him, and others -- I hadn't even
heard of any of these five people until I received email from them -- below. I have a lot of respect for Hilary and Thomas, who aren't liars.
Pholks interested in phreaking might be interested in Lemire's story at
You can listen to an interview with Lemire that I copied from his CD-ROM to
- -rich
 [blue-ribbon disclaimer: it's called sarcasm, son, SARCASM]
 censor the internet!  boycott fadetoblack! X-Sender: ezundel at mail.cts.com
Message-Id: Mime-Version: 1.0
Status: RO
Hi, Rich -
I just talked to Ernst, and he is very interested in your offer to mirror
his site unedited.  What is involved, technically?  Can you do it on your
own, without my involvement?  I am really, really a novice at the technical
side of it, and so is Ernst.  He said to "absolutely go ahead" if you could
do it and if you give him your word that the material would be unedited and
exactly as we are putting it up - and if you had a question, to please call
him at 416 - 922-9850.  It is his private line, and the man _never_ sleeps!
Please let me know since we don't know from day to day and even from hour
to hour what will happen, what with those massive censorship guns.
Are you a student at Stanford?
All best,
***** Revisionism is the great intellectual adventure at the end of the
Twentieth Century.
***** Revisionismus ist das grosse intellektuelle Abenteuer am Ende des
Zwanzigsten Jahrhunderts.
Organization: myssiwyg*
X-Mailer: Mozilla 2.0b6a (Win95; I)
CC: Ken McVay ,
        Jamie McCarthy This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

@_date: 1996-07-24 13:30:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: M$NBC covers "Fear of a Hack Planet" and "Hate Goes Online" 
At the risk of giving M$NBC more attention than it deserves...
BillG's latest misadventure editorializes on free/hate speech tonight at 7
and 10pm. Current and past fluffage at There's also a blank message area for "Would you bank through your computer?
Do you think the technology is secure enough?" but no story. Maybe that's
- -rich

@_date: 1996-07-27 10:43:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Nerds, Dykes, Niggers, Dweebs, Fags, Bimbos, and Geeks 
I missed the original, but it appears that Peter Trei once claimed that Tim
Actually, I know Sue, and I believe she has. She's got a rather healthy
sense of humor, thank you, "for a womyn."
I don't think it's a generational thing, because lord (tm) knows that there
are members of my generation with sticks firmly up their asses, too. - -rich
 nerd

@_date: 1996-06-07 19:53:46
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Physical Cpunks Meeting, June 8th, Stanford Turing Aud 
This Saturday, Turing Auditorium, Noon-5. Unrestricted Ethernet
connectivity (both thinnet and 10BaseT) will be available; email me for an
IP address. Turing Aud has a Mac and a PC on the Net connected to an EXCELLENT presentation system. If you have something you'd like to show off, this is the place, and we're still short on topics.
Graphical actualizations of ideas raised at the last meeting regarding crypto GUIs would be one way to use the space.
The agenda is rather slim... Hugh was working on it, but nobody seems to
have anything to say. If we get really desperate for ideas, I might end up
talking about what I've REALLY been doing for the last five months. Dave
Harman will probably miss this one, but he's still invited.
Long, anal form of the directions follows.
 June 8th, Noon-5.
 Turing Auditorium, Stanford University. Directions and maps below.
Your Hosts:
 Hugh Daniels , speaker wrangler/emcee
 Rich Graves , venue/den mother/fucking *
 * Seating for 100 (should be enough)
 * Plenty of white boards
 * Air conditioning
 * High-end Mac and Windoze PC on the Internet, both hard-wired into an
   EXCELLENT projection system, 800x600x16-bit or so
 * Open 10Base2 and 10BaseT Ethernet drops for your laptop, no firewall to
   Net; email rich at c2.org for IP address
 * One analog phone
 * NO munchies within 5 minutes' walk, but Rich will bring bagels
 * NO plugging your own laptops into the projection system; however, the
   Mac will have an X server and, of course, web clients
 Fanny & Alexander's? Or Jing Jing again?
 If you have a GPS receiver, head for 37.4296875N 122.1783752E.
 If you have excellent hearing, call 415-853-9080 and follow the ringing.
 Or, get to Stanford's Campus Drive via 280-Sand Hill or 101-El Camino
 Real-Embarcadero. From 280, take Campus Drive left (clockwise). From 101,
 take Campus Drive right (counterclockwise). Turn South (centripetal) at
 Panama Street and take an immediate left into the Jordan Quad parking lot
 (empty on weekends). Walk between Pine and Redwood Halls to Polya.  Turing is between Polya and Cypress. It doesn't appear on most campus
 maps, but it's there, honest. Entrance to Turing Auditorium is by the
 Pac Bell payphone sign.   (parking)
  (800K campus map)
  (note: upside down!)
Socialized transportation:
 CalTrain to the Palo Alto station; 20-minute walk or arrange to be picked
 up by a local. 7F bus. See  quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur

@_date: 1996-03-03 04:42:42
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 9! 
No he's not. "Reader" is singular, and Jim is on cypherpunks.
 mumbling quietly to himself

@_date: 1996-03-03 12:04:13
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: NYT login 
Rumour has it that there might be a cpunks/cpunks (cypherpunks was taken).

@_date: 1996-03-04 06:44:34
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: Mainstreaming PGP on Usenet 
comp.os.ms-windows.announce will also start using PGPMoose when I get
around to it, probably today. See  win-request at metrics.com

@_date: 1996-03-04 08:33:13
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: Interesting Identity Hacking Experiment: www.switchboard.com 
is a white pages directory. Basically, it's the Database America CD-ROM on the Web. The difference is, it's writeable, and free.
Pretty cool. I don't think it was wise for them to allow anyone with an
email address to change anyone else's white pages entry, though. Can anyone think of a prominent politician who would be in the phone book? The freeform "more information" field is just asking to be used.
Potentially interesting applications for anonymous web proxies and secure
pseudonym servers. At least they don't make direct changes to the database -- I'd guess they
only set a flag to look in the separate user-supplied file.  I.e., I
changed my entry, then hit "unregister," and all the original information
returned immediately.

@_date: 1996-03-05 07:54:08
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: Mainstreaming PGP on Usenet 
It sounded cool (as heard on the moderator's list), but too complex for my
needs, and I think it required some stuff I don't have. Of course, for a
higher-traffic group, it's worth it. I don't see a way around the problem. ... 1. If you're like me and you habitually read your mail online on a host on
the Internet, no matter how secure, then that's a security risk. Of course
one could, and many people do, create multiple PGP keys, one for casual
authentication and encryption online, and another held in check for stuff
that needs to be secure. I just don't bother with a "10% secure" key for cpunks and casual mail, though I do sign most of my Usenet posts.
2. If you send a PGP-signed message to a non-PGP-aware list, there will be questions, and sometimes ridicule. Sometimes this is an opportunity for education, sometimes it's just not worth the trouble.
3. Using PGP may attract the unwelcome attention of hostile local or
foreign governments, or possibly other armed thugs. 4. "It's too hard."

@_date: 1996-03-05 07:57:39
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: Remailers run by spooks 
Yeah, didn't you know that Sameer was on the CIA payroll? How do you think he paid for his new Ferrari?
I have no doubt that the CIA can break 1000-bit keys on a case-by-case
basis, *if they decide to allocate the resources*. I think it's possible
that some remailers are run by spooks. However, I seriously doubt that
anyone is breaking stuff routinely, and I think the web of trust is pretty
good. Of course, the CIA had Ames... the reverse could easily be true. However, I also have no doubt that Strassmann and Marlow are spreading
disinformation and exaggerating their capabilities in an attempt to break
the web of trust and incite a witch hunt. It won't work. The answer in any
case is more use of remailers, not less. Just turn up the noise level. You already know that nothing is 100% secure, but you do what you can. It's a war of attrition.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-03-06 13:38:43
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: NYT login 
This misses another point. The question was, how do *we* pay for this stuff (emphasis mine).
If someone develops a reasonably easy-to-use and reasonably secure digital
cash micropayment system, then I would be happy to pay to read the New
York Times on the Web. I would rather they were dependent on my money than
R.J. Reynold's.

@_date: 1996-03-09 13:09:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Bombings, Surveillance, and Free Societies 
I believe this is where I came in...
Well, I think they're wrong. Revolutionary theorists are right about the
*beginning* of the dialectic. Action breeds reaction breeds counterreaction,
and so on. Repression opens up all sorts of new opportunities. Ezekiel, St.
John, Marx, Hitler, Winnie (not Nelson) Mandela, and so on were right about
However, the dialectic eventually stabilizes; not every revolution is
Armageddon. People get tired of revolution and counterrevolution, and yearn
for stability, under *any* regime. That's why otherwise reasonable people
let the Bolsheviks, Nazis, Napoleons, Democrats, and Republicans take power.
Revolution is like a box of chocolates... you never know what you're going
to get.
I don't like extremists. But then, I'm a fucking statist.
In South Africa, most of Latin America, and (until a few weeks ago) Palestine
and Northern Ireland, tolerance has taken a few halting steps. You drop your
gun, I'll drop mine. You open up the political process to let me
participate, and I'll open up my processes so that you can trust me too. You
purge the right-wing death squads on your side, I'll purge the left-wing
terrorists on my side.
I'm a firm believer in privacy for individuals, but for groups, of any kind,
popular or unpopular, public or private, I'm not so sure.

@_date: 1996-03-09 23:34:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Switchboard 
They forgot "Change the entry for any person or business in the US from a
throwaway AOL trial account, or using an anonymous web proxy and
pseudonymous remailer." Hope this helps.
It's from the Database America CD-ROM, which is one of the cheaper and less
complete ones. It's all publicly available information, or was. There are
probably tens of thousands of numbers that have been changed or unlisted
Unlike the original CD-ROM, Switchboard does not provide a (easy) way to
build large mailing lists or do reverse address lookups (like "who lives at
this address on Pennsylvannia Avenue" or "who might be on vacation in a
building with line of sight to this place").

@_date: 1996-03-10 04:57:45
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: FCC & Internet phones 
There's also an article in today's San Jose Mercury News.
I'm just wondering how the hell they would enforce regulations on carrying
voice over the Internet. Are they going to analyze every packet? What
happens when someone makes a trivial modification to the code, or adds a
gateway, so that the voice call uses a different UDP (or more likely RTP)
port and header format? They could try to make a frontal assault by regulating the Internet itself, but they should know better.

@_date: 1996-03-10 05:09:16
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: Minor challenge: Running IIS on NT Workstation (fwd) 
Meanwhile, back in my other life... any ideas? This could save small
business a lot of money. ---------- Forwarded message ----------
I was at Microsoft the other day and one of the sales guys told me that there is a fix for the IIS (Internet Information Server) that makes it run on Windows NT Workstation.  There is something in the registry that the application checks.  He backed out from giving me the fix.  I guess they want to sell more NT Server than Workstation.  It maybe something you may want to watchout

@_date: 1996-03-11 06:26:04
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: MS Access encryption? 
Not. A file called "msdunce" was posted to comp.databases.ms-access a few months ago. Look for it on DejaNews or whatever.

@_date: 1996-03-11 08:54:01
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: ADL_mil (militias and the USAF) 
That info used to be available at (the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute), under the "Special
Interest Groups" heading, but access was restricted to MilNet on Friday
when I pointed out, somewhat sarcastically, that they were violating the
ADL's copyrights. Geez, they *REALLY* don't want people accessing that
server; not only is it firewalled now, but they removed from the public DNS (its IP address is 131.25.131.53). I guess the Air
Force can't take a joke (gee, I wonder why).
Anyway, if you're interested in a bunch of very interesting reports on
right-wing terrorist groups in the US, most of them dated August 1993, I
just might be able to put you in touch with someone who might have those
files in his or her N*tscape cache directory. My friend Cecelia points out that the ADL made a few silly mistakes, though, like getting Neo-Nazi
leader William Pierce's birthdate wrong (Pierce is the wacko who wrote The Turner Diaries, which inspired a tring of murders/bank robberies by The Order and, more recently, Timothy McVeigh).
The general thrust of DEOMI seems to be that people in non-combat posts in
the military have every right to be involved with these jokers in their
off hours. There are several .mil addresses on the openly Neo-Nazi
Stormfront list -- and they're not all plants. In general, they'll only
investigate you if your paranoid fantasies about the Zionist Occupational
Government prompt you to get up in a tower and start shooting people. Which has, of course, happened, so I have no problem whatsoever with the USAF (or anyone else) talking to the ADL, as long as rights are respected.

@_date: 1996-03-11 19:19:01
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: ADL_mil (militias and the USAF) 
This is true. Someone posted a general indictment of the pressure-group mentality a few days ago. I agree with most of what the ADL does, but I don't like it when *anyone* "exaggerates" like that. I've criticized the ADL, and
I've criticized the Nazis and black-helicopter wackos who also lie and "exaggerate" to get financial and moral support.
As Declan found out, I tend to be harshest on friends, because I consider
them most worth saving. I've never aspired to be anything but an independent loudmouth, and a FUCKING STATIST, of course.
 Institute for Ernst Zundel Revisionism

@_date: 1996-03-13 07:26:21
@_author: Just Rich 
@_subject: anonymous web pages (Was: SurfWatch) 
Er, I believe CERN, NCSA, and N*tscape all disallow following symbolic links by default for precisely this reason. There is a follow-symlinks-for-owner-only option that we recently turned on.
 Institute for Ernst Zundel Revisionism

@_date: 1996-03-13 14:48:31
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: all.net 
How annoying that all is. I wonder what they all do there. "All sorts of
things," I guess. Wouldn't it be interesting if we ALL linked to...
 gopher://all.net:23/0howdy
All Things, Inc. (ALL2-DOM)
   PO Box 1480
   Hudson, OH 44236
   Domain Name: ALL.NET
   Administrative Contact:
      Cohen, Fred  (FC34)  fc at ALL.NET
      (216) 686-0090
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Network Information and Support Center  (PSI-NISC)  hostinfo at psi.com
      (518) 283-8860
   Record last updated on 31-Jan-95.
   Record created on 31-Oct-94.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS.PSI.NET                   192.33.4.10
   NS2.PSI.NET                  38.8.50.2

@_date: 1996-03-20 09:59:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Judge blocks French ISPs from connecting to revisionist sites 
A far better site that is not being censored is:
This site is not blocked.
Greg Raven is a serious Neo-Nazi wacko who took over the IHR by force. The
police were called in to break up the fight, and the Nazis spent some time
suing each other for control. See the Willis Carto/IHR FAQ for alt.revisionism.
This site is not blocked.
The "censorship" page is full of events that never happened. Brian
acknowledges that the errors I pointed out are errors, but complains that he
"doesn't have time" to go back and correct them. He has had time, though, to
add more events that never happened. See the URL below [sic].
See also  which has widely been reported to have
been "censored." It's not. That front page is just Don Black's idea of a
joke. See  and  The
Nazis are quite well-connected. IHR uses AOL because they *want* to be
censored so that they can play victim, and get more support from the
otherwise reasonable people here. Even Steve Case knows this, which is why,
uncharacteristically, he isn't booting them off.

@_date: 1996-05-01 15:21:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WhoWhere.com v. that stanford.edu loon 
[parsec.com = whowhere.com]
I may have spoken too soon.
I might be interested in talking, privately, with their venture capitalists
and allies, which include Netscape and InfoSeek.
I think if you want a service of this kind, those four11.com guys, who
started out with the SLED PGP key certification service, are absolutely
- -rich
 [not on cypherpunks -- no, not just because I'm throwing a tantrum; I'm
 honestly embarrassed at my own behavior, and need a break.]

@_date: 1996-10-08 11:34:09
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Seeking help on WordPerfect 6.1 cracks 
Among the possessions of a murder victim (not suspect), the local police
have found a floppy disk with some provocative-sounding files on it. Rather
than getting them into the habit of cracking other people's personal files,
I'd prefer to give them the password myself, but there seems to be no freely
available cracker for WordPerfect 6.x, and I'm not sure this one-time use is
worth $100 to me. Can anyone lend a hand? Just four small files. I can give
you more than enough details off the list to assure you that this is totally
on the level. Feel free to discuss the implications of providing such help. Failing that, does anyone have a technical, political, or personal
preference for or against AccessData or CRAK, who sell the two commercial
crackers I've found?
- -rich
 [not on cypherpunks at the moment]

@_date: 1996-10-08 16:39:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Seeking help on WordPerfect 6.1 cracks 
I should have mentioned that I have copies of the encrypted files, which
could be HTTP'd or MIME'd to you anonymously if you like, though I'd prefer getting help from someone I trust, because at this point we don't know the
potential value or danger of the files. - -rich

@_date: 1996-10-09 09:35:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Seeking help on WordPerfect 6.1 cracks [Done, thanks] 
Got it, thanks for the offers of help.
FYI, none of the currently available freeware will decrypt WP 6.1 files; the
WPCRAK mentioned in the sci.crypt FAQ stops at 5.2. But AccessData was kind
enough to decrypt one for free, and the others had the same password.
- -rich
