
@_date: 1995-10-03 21:16:57
@_author: Rick Johnson 
@_subject: Comments on STT Spec Implementation Details 
Hi All -
Last week our team published jointly with Visa the STT specification.  Since then, we've received some comments that the wire formats and protocols section for STT have not been complete enough for developers to implement.
We're very interested in feedback and specifics on this.  We worked to keep _only_ the detail we felt required to implement STT -- the language is intentionally terse.  However, it is in everyone's best interest that the STT spec is completely understood and implementable.
We want your participation in this.  We've set up an alias direct to our team to respond to your comments:
Non-technical flames direct to:
 - aka -
Rick Johnson
rickj at microsoft.com

@_date: 1995-10-06 13:56:51
@_author: Rick Johnson 
@_subject: Comments on STT Spec Implementation Details 
Perry writes....
I talked to the two STT folks who were there.  I've also read the minutes of that meeting as published by Amir.  Politely, that particular meeting and the attempt to form a splintered variety of  WGs was viewed by the two STT folks attending as a pretty wild affair characterized by a lot of 5-10 minute speeches and the slimmest directional concensus.  A lot of great discussion, but low odds of coalescing into an effort leading to tangible results in a timely manner.   That doesn't mean there isn't value in putting proposals into the IETF standardization process, and it wasn't the content or intent of those people to impart that.  If we had other objectives we wouldn't have even bothered to go to Stockholm.
Agreed...and not the content or intent of any comments made by the STT attendees at that meeting.
Also agreed.  Want to pursue discussion in the internet community.  Keep in mind, though, we're also obligated to deliver solutions to our customers in the very near term, and therefore publish the STT spec for those who wish to implement and interoperate with the systems we will deploy.  Certainly, it's reasonable and rational to want to evolve from that point within the guidelines of the IETF.  Based on what people's reaction to what we have put out for everyone to see, I'd be looking for comments from you all as to the most timely and beneficial course to pursue.  Looking forward to your input.
