
@_date: 1995-08-29 13:55:08
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: Reputation currency 
--====(C) Copyright 1995 Rishab Aiyer Ghosh. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED====--
Electric Dreams
Weekly column for The Asian Age by Rishab Aiyer Ghosh
 21/August/1995: Implicit transactions need money you can give away
Information is often given away at no loss to its owners,
while recipients gain, because it can be duplicated. For
some purposes, it could be paid for in money that behaved
in the same way - adding to the recipient's wealth, while
not reducing that of the donor. This money would have to
be quite unusual; but so is the commodity being traded.
Buying and selling knowledge is full of implicit
transactions. One doesn't stop to write a cheque every
time one hears industry gossip, however useful, in the
corridor. More importantly, one doesn't even need to think
about doing so. So much of the knowledge traded in the
'real world' could only be done so informally. Trade is no
less valuable for this - the world runs on the chats with
senior colleagues, the friendly advice over lunch, the
learning and experience gained from working with a client.
Formalizing it all would kill it.
That's as far as we can get with knowledge outside the
distance-eliminating domain of cyberspace. The most
promising aspects of a world with fewer geographical
impediments in the flow of information include the
translation of the gossip in a corridor to an electronic
mailing-list, the ability to be advised by friends never
seen over a virtual lunch, or to chat with a senior
colleague across continents.
But the limitations of geography had advantages. People
now begin to wonder whether they're not being cheated,
when the corridor-mailing-list can have thousands of
people. The narrow confines of office buildings provide a
sense of community, and an assurance that the consumers of
the knowledge traded there are worthy of it, being likely
producers too. But restricting access to electronic
corridors will negate their advantages, of connecting more
minds across space.
The main option being considered these days is not just
overtly tied to economics - it must be, as that's what the
knowledge trade is about - but also tangled with hard
cash, with dollars. This is not only unnecessary, much of
the time, but also harmful.
With the safe assumption of secure international digital
cash transactions in the near future, the hard-currency
solution to the electronic corridor problem would be to
charge every consumer a small amount for everything - a
cent a word, say. This may work with traders in diversity,
the indexers of the world to whom you pay for anything you
need to find. It works rather less well for the traders in
consistency, to whom you would pay much more than a cent a
word for continuous, reliable content.
But for those who lurk in the electronic corridors of the
infosphere - and all the implicit cooperatives that form
between individual contributors to cyberspace's live,
people resources - the hard cash model is useless. Among
others, there is the question of who takes the money. The
Department of Corridors? The Treasurer of Electronic
Mailing Lists? It certainly wouldn't be fair to pay just
the individual author of the particular piece you read and
found useful, as it built upon the unpaid work of others.
After all, the informal nature of these gatherings of
minds is for a reason. They, or at least the active
participants, contribute not for cash but in return for
the contributions of others. They only take exception to
the one-way consumption by stray, if numerous, visitors.
The alternative to hard cash in these implicit
transactions in cyberspace is the equally implicit
currency of the real world. The currency that is used
almost solely in the trading of knowledge and which, like
knowledge, extracts no direct cost to the buyer at the
seller's gain. A currency that can be paid equally to
corridors full of industry gossip as to colleagues who
throng there. Indeed, a currency that is, and is traded
like, information itself: reputation.
Reputation may not, at first glance, resemble money. But
it is the implicit reward of good products, and their
producers. It certainly adds to - or subtracts from - the
worth of those who receive it. And it is the ultimate free
market currency. Traded as a commodity like other data,
reputation is based on, and influences in turn, the
average of 'prices' set by individual consumers - what
individuals think of a producer. Reputation encourages
improved production as much as, or more than, cash does -
at least in the informal knowledge trade. And reputation
will be a very important aspect of the knowledge economy,
with the increasing anomie of cyberspace as e-mail
replaces firm handshakes.
There are, of course, problems with transporting the
informal reputations outside cyberspace to reputation
systems within it. But work does continue on the necessary
technologies. This progresses at a slower pace than that
on automatic cent-a-word payment systems, because
developers don't realize the importance of informality in
the information age. This will have to change - the
knowledge economy is actually a people economy, and its
most common currency should reflect that.
Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (rishab at dxm.org) is the editor and publisher
of The Indian Techonomist.
--====(C) Copyright 1995 Rishab Aiyer Ghosh. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED====--
 This article may be redistributed in electronic form only, PROVIDED  THAT THE ARTICLE AND THIS NOTICE REMAIN INTACT. This article MAY NOT  UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES be redistributed in any non-electronic form,
 or redistributed in any form for compensation of any kind, WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION from Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (rishab at arbornet.org)

@_date: 1995-09-15 11:58:47
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: "Use implies consent to monitoring" 
In the InterNIC notice on fees for domain names that marks the end
of an era, (
I noticed this gem of a postscript:
   Please be advised that use constitutes consent to monitoring
     (Elec Comm Priv Act, 18 USC 2701-2711).

@_date: 1995-09-16 07:12:56
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: "Use implies consent to monitoring" 
Rich Salz :
Obviously of something that can be monitored - as this is apparently
from the ECPA I would assume use of "electronic communications." Of course
I haven't verified that this quote is actually from the ECPA, that's
what the InterNIC claims it is.

@_date: 1996-02-01 19:01:49
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: FV's blatant double standards 
I only just managed to go through my mail backlog and read
Simson Garfinkel's original Mercury News article. I was appalled by FV's double standards in evaluating security risks. Both First
Virtual and real-time transaction models (without encryption, or with it e.g. Netscape) require that the recipient not be compromised. FV relies on e-mail (domain names); Netscape relies on IP addresses. IP addresses are much harder to intercept than domain names
(which can be hijacked - see my earlier posts). This essentially
means that while e-mail can be mis-routed, IP packets can't.
Additionally, plaintext e-mail as well as IP traffic can often be sniffed along the way. FV demonstrated, through it's "card sharp" or whatever, that
real-time transactions are vulnerable to sniffers on the recipient's
own machine. Of course. We all knew that. But the mistake is to
assume that FV isn't _equally_ vulnerable to that threat. If you
can write a trojan that will somehow get privileged access to my
machine, trap my keystrokes, and identify my credit card number,
you can certainly write one that will, sitting on my machine:
    "intercept the user's electronic mail, read the confirmation     message from First Virtual's computers, and send out a fraudulent     reply" (to quote from Simson's article). Simson further quotes FV's Lee
Stein: "A single user can be targeted, Stein said, but ''it is very difficult. . . . There are too many packets moving . . . to too many different machines.''" - which is of course equally true for real-time
Netscape transactions. Simply put, if there's a program sitting on your computer with
privileged access, it can read your mail, hide it from you, and reply,
as easily as it can read your keystrokes. Even simpler: if there's
a privileged program on your machine, NOTHING IS SECURE - not SSL,
not FV, not plaintext credit cards, not PGP, NOTHING.
This is old hat, and FV has shown nothing new with its one-sided
stunt; the only reason there has been little hype recently about
card-sniffing trojans is that trojans and viruses and the rest of
their ilk have being dying of exposure in the media, ever since the
Internet Worm grabbed headlines years ago.

@_date: 1996-02-03 01:32:20
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: Germany, China, but not India? 
Sorry if this post got screwed up the first time.
In the context of recent events in Germany and China, it is
interesting to note that, despite horrid rumours about high license
fees for ISPs, the Indian government is "not considering" blocking portions of the Net for security or moral reasons. The Telecom Secretary appears relatively progressive, and has invited me to send an alternative proposal for datacom policy. I would like letters of support: read on.
India's Department of Telecommunications (DoT) charges a licence
fee of $50,000 per _annum_ for BBS operators, and nearly twice
as much for e-mail providers. It is preparing to finalise a policy
for Internet service providers; as it doesn't understand the distintion
between Internet _networks_ (MCI, Sprintnet etc) and "retail" providers
(the geek in the garage), it is planning to charge well over $100,000
in annual licence fees. This is totally against the opinions of Telecom
Secretary R K Takkar, as expressed to my newsletter, The Indian Techonomist, some months ago. I spoke to Mr Takkar for some time, providing him the "education" that he asked for in my newsletter and that large datacom companies here have been curiously averse to give him. He appreciated my point of view, and
invited me to send a proposal for an alternative datacom policy, which
I have done (and which is summarised below). I hope to meet him next week to follow this up. As a major part of my call for removing restraints is based on the Internet's treatment by other world governments, I would like letters of support to show this. My proposal may appear tame, but it isn't really. It will allow small
ISPs to pay as little as $150 a year in licence fees; reduce the (high)
likelihood of cartels between large companies; and entrench electronic
free-speech at (some) parity with other media. (Note that the DoT has
said that it is "not considering" blocking access to parts of the Net
for reasons of morals or security. This despite the local media's loudly
proclaimed discovery that the Net is 97.34% paedophile, or whatever.)
     Highlights
     1. Definitions
     - The category for E-mail providers becomes redundant,
       leaving international gateway, national network, and
       "retail" service providers
     - Content providers have constitutional protection as
       electronic publishers
     - BBSes do not require licensing, being content providers
     2. Goals
     - Licence fees not for revenue generation, but to
       ensure responsibility (unavoidable. Mr Takkar's words)
     - Licence fees based on telecom infrastructure costs,
       not revenues (at the moment, a licence is almost like income tax)
     - Regulation required for free and fair competition (see below)
     - TRAI should also handle datacom regulation, and datacom consumer
       complaints (the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India is likely
       to be very independent of the government, headed by a former
       Supreme Court judge)
     3. Regulation
     - Equal access to gateway, network and service
       providers (to prevent denial of service and cartels, very
       likely here without explicit rules preventing them)
     - Rationalisation of DoT leased line tariff structure
       (now, a network costs more than the sum of its parts! too        complicated to explain briefly)
     4. Licensing
     - Uniform fee structure for gateway, network and
       service providers (say 2.5% of leased line costs, which
       are known as they are provided by the DoT)
     - Barriers to entry greatly reduced (minimal ISP pays $150 p.a)
     - However, total licence fee revenue for DoT not
       significantly reduced (important for success of this proposal;
       large nationwide network may still pay $100,000+ thanks to its
       huge leased line requirements)
The full text of the proposal will be made publicly available on the
Net sometime next week. Those who would like to see it, and a template
for a letter of support, should send me mail at dcom-appeal at dxm.org.
I would like letters from non-commercial organisations, lobby groups,
policy bodies, and so on, but NOT datacom companies (I wouldn't
mind _personal_ letters of support from them, but they wouldn't do
for the DoT). I would particularly like to see something from Hong Kong,
which I have used as a good example of how to do things in Asia.

@_date: 1996-01-31 05:06:22
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: Domain hijacking, InterNIC loopholes 
While filling in details for modification of my domain (dxm.org)
I realised that I haven't seen much written on domain hijacking.
We all know about mail spoofing, which let's you pretend you're
someone else. Mail spoofing is one-way - you can send, but not
receive. This is the same with IP spoofing, where you pretend
to be a trusted machine, but again you can send but not receive.
Unlike IP spoofing, which can lead to major security breaks (you
can become root on someone else's machine), domain hijacking is
not so much a security issue as a commercial one. Domain hijacking
uses loopholes in InterNIC domain registration procedures to completely take over a domain, allowing you to send and receive
e-mail, and other traffic such as ftp/www. As I haven't seen this
explained, and have seen no warnings for sysadmins, here goes:
To do 'IP hijacking' (receive packets as well as send) you will need to modify routing tables all over the place, where you're not likely to have access. To do domain hijacking,
you would need to modify DNS entries in several nameservers,
to which again you're not likely to have privileged access. On
the other hand, if you could associate an existing domain with
a nameserver you _do_ control (root access on any machine connected to the Net is enough for this), your lack of access
to the present nameservers would become irrelevant. So,
1. set up a nameserver on your machine, with address, cname or
   MX records as required for the victim domain address - victim.com.
   You can do fancy things with nslookup on victim.com's existing
   nameservers to find out what's required. Make sure the MX, address
   and cname records in your machine point to machines under your
   control.
2. send a modify domain mail to hostmaster at internic.net, with
   your machine as nameserver replacing any existing ones. The    InterNIC has no authentication procedures for normal hostmaster    requests, so your modification will get processed.
3. Ta DA! Wait for InterNIC to update its records and broadcast
   changes to other nameservers. From then on, a lookup for victim.com
   will go to ns.internic.net, find that ns.evil.org is the nameserver,
   and send all mail to  to victim.evil.org, route traffic
   to  to  whatever you want.
This is not a security risk? No. But, to quote a delightfully
low-key document from InterNIC, "[such] an unauthorized update could lead a commercial organization to lose its presence on the Internet until that update is reversed."
Ah. But that update will be reversed only when victim.com's sysadmins
realise what's happened. If evil.org is clever enough, it will
not halt the mail flow, but forward everything on to victim.com
(after keeping a copy, of course). It could act as a proxy server
to  accessing all URLs (using victim.com's real
IP address) on demand and relaying them to browsers who are actually looking at  And so on. Unless victim.com's admins
are particularly observant, they may not notice a thing.
How many sysadmins out there do what victim.com could have done? I.e.
run nslookup on victim.com regularly to check that the nameservers
listed are as they should be, and if they're not, to immediately
send a new update to InterNIC? Not many, I believe. On the other
hand I know no case of domain hijacking actually taking place. But
I don't know specific instances of WWW credit card fraud either.
That delightful InterNIC document I mentioned is the draft paper
on the InterNIC Guardian Object, first out in November 1995, latest
version out earlier this month. It's an internal InterNIC proposal
for a "Guardian Object" which would guard any other object (such
as a domain name, or individual, or hostname, or even another
guardian). It would allow a range of authentication methods, from
none (very clever) and MAIL-FROM (easy to spoof) to CRYPT (1-way
hash, like Unix passwd) and PGP (using public keys stored at
InterNIC). All domain and other templates will be changed to
work with guardians. The procedures in the original draft looked
easy enough; the latest ones are formidable.
Incidentally, this draft appeared two months after the InterNIC
started charging. The wonders of the profit motive.
ps. I'm not quite back on the Cypherpunks list yet, so please Cc
responses you feel are important to me at rishab at dxm.org.
pps. I quite forgot. The URL for the latest Guardian Object draft:
     ftp://rs.internic.net/policy/internic/internic-gen-1.txt

@_date: 1996-05-07 14:07:08
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: New Internet peer-reviewed journal released 
New Internet Journal Released
Paris, France, 1996 May 6: Coinciding with the opening of the International World Wide Web Conference, a new journal dedicated to the Internet was released today by Munksgaard International Publishers. The journal is called "First Monday" and it is a peer-reviewed, electronic journal dedicated to the Internet, and only available on the Internet. It is the first electronic journal from Munksgaard, publishers of over seventy scientific journals in
dentistry, medicine, and other fields.
"First Monday" will appear on the first Monday of each month. Each issue will contain five to six full-length articles, plus regular features such as interviews and reviews. The inaugural May issue contains articles by notable specialists such as David Johnson and
David Post, co-directors of the Cyberspace Law Institute, and John Seely Brown, vice-president and chief scientist of Xerox Corporation and director of Xerox Palo Alto Research Center. The journal is available at The editorial team of "First Monday" is widely experienced in computing,
telecommunications, and the Internet. Chief and Managing Editor is Edward J. Valauskas, author and editor of several widely recognized books on computing and the Internet, including "Internet Troubleshooter" and "Internet Initiative." He is joined by Esther Dyson as Consulting Editor and Rishab Aiyer Ghosh as Inter-national Editor. Esther Dyson is president of EDventure Holdings in New York City and chairperson of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Rishab Ghosh, based in New Delhi, is editor and publisher of the Indian Techonomist, a newsletter on India's information industry. The editorial board of "First Monday" includes Vinton G. Cerf, founding President of the Internet Society and is currently Senior Vice-President at MCI; Ed Krol of the University of Illinois, author of several books including the highly popular "The Whole Internet User's Guide & Catalog"; Bonnie Nardi of Apple Computer, author of the book "A Small Matter of Programming" and editor of "Context and Consciousness"; Rich Wiggins of Michigan State University, author of "The Internet for Everyone"; Tony Durham, Multimedia Editor of the Times Higher Education Supplement in London and a member of the team which has developed THESIS, the newspaper's Internet service; Ian Peter, consultant in information technology, media and communications policy, based in Australia; and
Robert Hettinga, a digital commerce consultant in Boston.
"First Monday" publishes articles on the Internet and the Global Information Infrastructure. It follows the political and regulatory regimes affecting the Internet, and examines economic, technical and social aspects of the use of the Internet on a global scale. There will also be reports on the use of the Internet in specific communities, the development of Internet software and hardware, and the content of the Internet.
"First Monday" was released today on diskette, distributed at the International World Wide Web Conference in Paris, and on the First Monday Internet server at  In the future it will appear in three formats: as an electronic mail posting to subscribers; on the World Wide Web; and as an annual CD-ROM archiving all articles that have appeared in "First Monday."
Munksgaard was founded in 1917. Over the years Munksgaard has expanded to become a publishing house that is internationally recognized for its scientific journals devoted to servicing the international scientific and scholarly communities.
Editorial Office:
Editor-in-Chief: Edward J. Valauskas
(valauskas at firstmonday.dk)
First Monday is published monthly by:
Munksgaard International Publishers
Nxrre Sxgade 35, P.O. Box 2148
DK- 1016 Copenhagen K
e-mail: publishers at firstmonday.dk

@_date: 1996-09-02 08:07:20
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
FWIW: "There is no need to licence content providers; Internet
service providers are not responsible for illegal content." R K
Takkar, Indian Telecom Secretary (at the time of interview); see
 for more.
(!) you'll only have to wait hours for your anonymous-remailer-web-to-e-mail
gateway, EVERY time you want a page. In one of my Electric Dreams columns, "Censorship is bad for business,"
(archived here and there on the Web) I wrote that governments will eventually see sense and stop censorship, if they're interested in
making their countries rich. Singapore in every other field of work
has shown its interest in deregulation; I would expect them to do so
on the Net as well, when it becomes clear that there's rather more to
it than porn and subversion. In the meanwhile, there's not much point trying to "help" them, apart from providing moral support. Incidentally,
do the cypherpunk archives in Singapore, which always come out first
in my AltaVista searches, not contain a trace of officially disliked
In this month's First Monday, due out tomorrow, Andreas Harsono -
a banned Indonesian journalist who reports from Jakarta through the
Internet for various foreign publications - writes on censorship
in S-E Asia, and how some countries, like Indonesia, are _more_
relaxed in their treatment of on-line media than the press.
ps. I don't read the list regularly, so reply by mail if you want
a response.
First Monday - The Peer-Reviewed Journal on the Internet
  Munksgaard International Publishers, Copenhagen
International Editor - Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (rishab at dxm.org)
Pager +91 11 9622 162187; Fax +91 11 2209608 or 2426453 or 2224058
A4/204 Ekta Vihar, 9 Indraprastha Extn, New Delhi 110092 INDIA

@_date: 1997-08-22 04:39:52
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: an end to "courts" (was RE: An end to "court appointed attorneys" ) 
or courts, for that matter. presumably under cryptoanarchy you won't
have courts - an imposition of authority on people presumed to accept
it - but arbitrators, agreed upon by the two sides. unlike in the common-law, jury system, such arbitrators would perhaps be able to use their intelligence to figure things out by talking to the opposing
sides directly, instead of requiring lawyers to pick fights in matters of a "law"
so distant from the people it affects that they can't interpret it directly.
however, with courts - and the common-law/jury system, which has _some_ benefits over, say, the French or Spanish inquisitorial system of law - you
tend to require lawyers, and i suppose court-appointed attornees are a way
of "making justice blind" as it ought to be. of course, perhaps lawyers should
be avoided by not just the poor defence, but the rich prosecution - the hilariously
entertaining McLibel case in Britain showed that gutsy, if somewhat misguided,
lawyerless people could pull quite a bit over an expensive "dream team", which
McDonalds had.
First Monday - The Peer-Reviewed Journal on the Internet   Munksgaard International Publishers, Copenhagen
Intl & Managing Editor - Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (ghosh at firstmonday.dk) Mobile +91 98110 14574; Fax +91 11 2209608; Tel +91 11 2454717 A4/204 Ekta Apts., 9 Indraprastha Extn, New Delhi 110092 INDIA

@_date: 1997-08-22 23:55:37
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: an end to "courts" (was RE: An end to "court appointed attorneys" ) 
Yes, but. The point I was trying to make is that, in a system of voluntary
justice, you don't need to worry about the abuse of power, because there
is no power with the judge (arbitrator). In any state-backed legal system,
there is potential for abuse, because the court represents the power of
the state and can enforce it. So you have the cliched checks and balances.
The alternative to an American system is to limit jury trials, as is done
in India and much of the ex-British colonies following common-law. While
the use of juries in America is excessive (in patent trials, good grief! where
even the judges can barely understand a word), they are supposed to
balance the power of the state as represented by the judge.
As to the common-law system itself, which is unique to England and its former colonies, true it is adversarial - but that's why _at the trial_ you're
_innocent_ until proven guilty. Under code-civil legal systems, which are
usually inquisitorial, and where the judge (or magistrate) _does_ try
to determine the "truth", there is much less competition over technicalities
because by the time a case gets to trial, the likelihood of guilt, in terms
of evidence, is probably quite established. But then, you might worry
that a magistrate is no longer impartial, and possibly leans towards the prosecution. The potential for abuse and excessive wielding of state
powers is perhaps higher in such a system - I admit that I am biased
towards common-law.
However much we hate lawyers - it is worth noting here that _Shakespeare_,
living under adversarial common-law, suggested that we shoot all the lawyers,
rather than, say, Moliere - they do not represent the enforceable power of the
state. Even when, as prosecutors in criminal trials, they are state-backed, they
are on level ground with defence lawyers (possibly also state-funded) in front of
the court - which _really_ represents the power of the state.
I have no reason to doubt the integrity of military court judges like Tim's father,
nor those who work for prosecutorial legal systems in much of continental Europe.
But a legal system, if we have one at all, is designed to prevent abuses when
it is operated even by dishonest people. Just as a dictatorship may be the most
efficient among several models of the state, but a democracy is usually favoured
because it takes just one "bad" person to ruin a dictatorship and rather more to
harm a democracy, so a common-law jury system is inherently among the better
of various choices for a state-backed model of justice. Excesses in its implementation
in America may need restraining, but that's more pruning than uprooting.
In a state-backed court system, lawyers, remember, exist to protect you against the court-directed abuse of state power. If you don't like the state, or its court system,
that's fine, but it's not the lawyers who are inherently to blame. A recent issue of
Forbes ran an article arguing that judges and laws, not lawyers, are to blame for
American "excesses". They weren't half-wrong, for it's the judges and the laws who
have the state behind them, not lawyers. No, not even state-_financed_ lawyers.
First Monday - The Peer-Reviewed Journal on the Internet   Munksgaard International Publishers, Copenhagen
Intl & Managing Editor - Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (ghosh at firstmonday.dk) Mobile +91 98110 14574; Fax +91 11 2209608; Tel +91 11 2454717 A4/204 Ekta Apts., 9 Indraprastha Extn, New Delhi 110092 INDIA

@_date: 1997-10-14 00:58:35
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: free market (was RE: GET OFF THE DIME: PGP 5.5) 
would you rather have PGP, Inc. with its preeminent         stature in the defense of freedom, freeware, and
        privacy as well as an established, TRUSTED product         defining THE system which meets the need of the if i remember right, the idea behind PGP when it first
came out was that you ought not trust ANYBODY.
that's why you have the source code
it's a free market. if PGP Inc wants to make money,
and needs to meet the corporate demand for some sort of alternative-key mechanism to snoop on their employees
(or keep backups of important correspondence when employees forget their keys) so be it. as an individual,
it hardly matters to me if it's PGP or Microsoft that's
selling this stuff - remember, crypto software doesn't
read your mail, people do, and if my company wants to be able to read my mail it'll buy the tools from anyone
who's selling. frankly i couldn't be bothered if the tools
are from "TRUSTED" PGP or Evil Bill. for all i know, my employer is quite happy with GAK too.
of course if i'm willing and able to work independently
of any company, then i _do_ have control over the privacy
software i use, and in that case, if i'm paranoid enough,
i can always go through the source code.

@_date: 1998-01-21 04:29:25
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: politics of topology (was On the LAM--Local Area Mixes) 
m k gandhi used to say that it was good india was colonised by the _british_ -
the poor fools were vulnerable to non-violent rational argument and (relatively) concerned about such oddities as human rights.
one problem with tim may's idea for local area mixes is just that: relying on
US stickliness on wimpy rules for search/interception is all very well, but wouldn't fly in china. i won't get into the argument over how awful
the US state is here, but if all cypherpunk technology can fight is the "tyrannical"
democracies of the west, it's not much good, IMNSHO. besides, if such technology becomes widespread in, say, the US, then it's inevitable that the authorities will tend towards more _real_ tyrannical behaviour, diluting search/seizure protections and taking you closer to china. a weak vaccine
 _strengthens_ the microbe it is supposed to kill. today your tech may let you plan stink-bomb attacks on the IRS in peace; tomorrow
it may not be sufficient to let you publish articles critical of the goverment.
i always thought the cypherpunk idea ("write code" etc) was to develop tech
that is _independent_ of political protections. technology will not undermine the
power of governments, if it is based on (incorrect) assumptions that governments
will continue to restrain themselves (e.g. search & seizure) when faced by increasing
use of such tech. i should think that LAMs would be excellent test-beds for larger-scale systems,
but it is larger-scale systems, where you don't assume the government's _not_
snooping because it's squeamish, that matter more. First Monday - The Peer-Reviewed Journal on the Internet   Munksgaard International Publishers, Copenhagen
Intl & Managing Editor - Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (ghosh at firstmonday.dk) Mobile +91 98110 14574; Fax +91 11 2209608; Tel +91 11 2454717 A4/204 Ekta Apts., 9 Indraprastha Extn, New Delhi 110092 INDIA

@_date: 1998-01-21 04:30:11
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: security and hidden networks (was On the LAM--Local Area Mixes) 
this post suggests that technically, routing through a sub-network does not necessarily increase complexity or hinder traffic analysis,
as it can be treated as a virtual node. given that, LAM-type networks
may not provide much protection in a politically unkind environment.
i also suggest a way of rating (or classifying) secure networks based
on how well they hide suspect data and routes in other traffic.
as this in response to tim may's LAM post, i'll respond quoting that.
i won't repeat my objections to a reliance on "problematic" court orders, which
i've made in another post. let us simply assume, for example, that i am the
NSA, and i don't need court orders, but i'm a sneaky sort so i don't want to
go in with guns blazing just yet. Alice has a network, alice.net, 10.1.1.0. she
has many machines on this network, some hers, some belonging to Bob. when Alice and Bob plan stink-bomb attacks on the IRS (sorry, when they,
or Li-Xia and Bu-pang, write articles on human rights violations in xinjiang) to Carol and David, outside their network, they first bounce their packets around
their 30 machines.
i sniff all packets going into and out of the network 10.1.1.0, from the upstream
provider (Alice has her whole building in a faraday cage, which is ok because she
never tries to use her mobile phone indoors). so. does it matter in the least, to
me, whether alice wrote her last rant from kitchen.alice.net (10.1.1.1) or garage.alice.net
(10.1.1.2) or whether it was actually Bob - Bob Inc, to be safe - from 10.1.1.33?
it could matter politically/legally (if i wanted to prosecute) or technically (if i want
to trace traffic down, to, from or through alice's net). technically first: it doesn't
really matter. i treat alice's net as a hermetically sealed virtual "node"...
... which is all the more correct topologically if broadcast addresses (10.1.1.255)
are used. so i treat alice's net as a single node, and monitor traffic as it enters
and leaves that "node". just as i would monitor traffic entering and leaving a
single machine, without caring much which disk drive or memory bank it passed
with a single physical entry and exit point to the network it can be treated exactly as if it were a single node for the purposes of any traffic analysis (security/traceability).
multiple physical connections might complicate it slightly, but if i'm sniffing them
all, and they connect to the same set of machines (i.e. the same network), not much
(if it's IP the address spaces may differ but that's a minor matter).
depending on what remailer math tells us - and we really do need remailer math, as
tim pointed out! - bouncing traffic around sub-nets may have little impact on
security. it could remain the same; i don't see how it could become much better;
it could plausibly get worse, if multiple nodes in a single subnet can eat into your random route hops resulting in concentration of traffic through fewer virtual "nodes".
the only situation in which this isn't true is if the source and destination of traffic
are both within the sealed network - presumably what would happen most of the
time with tim's suggestion of voice/high-bandwidth stuff.
now for the political/legal bit. given that i'd like to see cypherpunk technology as
daring enough to be of use outside western democracies, let's look at a slightly
challenging situation. you're a bunch of people, each with your own firm for added
safety, in this building. now i'm not a decent american cop, worried about court
orders etc. ok, i don't exactly want to shoot all of you at once. but if i am satisfied
(which i could be, using technical methods) that lots of "suspicious" stuff is coming
from your network, then i'll certainly come in and reeducate you all on your "errors
and distortions." (sorry, just finished a week of watching andrzej wajda films at a
retrospective.) oho. it's a BIG building. and i don't really suspect all of you. ok, i go have a chat
with the network admin - Alice - and hold her responsible. she has great respect
for the government and police and would never write such a nasty thing as "the
state tortures political prisoners?" uh oh. so i tell her that for the good of the country
she must let someone listen in at her machine ("you didn't keep logs? ah, that was
a mistake, no?") - i'm now inside, and the sealed network shrinks. of course if i'm impatient and don't believe her innocent approach, i just use the rubber hose. the same goes for multiple physical links into the same network.
can _technology_ - rather than relying on law-abiding cops, and rights-abiding
laws - provide a solution? the key is the BIG building. the more non-suspicious
routes there are - i.e. a route through normal, unsuspected people, typically
but not necessarily outside the physically well-protected area - the harder to usefully treat a network as a virtual node. looking at 10.1.1.0 as a node may help, just 256 people there; but 10.1.0.0 is a bit big to make a coherent "node"
so although a LAM may be a great way to _test_ new tech and protocols out,
i'd think it a big mistake to actually deploy it, as it were, on a large scale. it
wouldn't help at all in the tough spots, and it would only serve to make the easier spots tougher, strengthening the immune system of would-be tyrannical
states (i.e. the nicer western democracies). in general "WAMs" would be much
more helpful and secure. the other thing that helps is of course the degree of non-suspicious traffic on
suspected routes. putting them together, i think you can get some measure
of the utility of a protocol and topology. the ideal would a) make it technically impossible to trace the route of suspicious traffic; and b) make it politically/legally difficult to prosecute originators/destinations
of suspicious traffic. it would do this by a) blurring the distinction between suspicious
and "regular" routes; and b) make it difficult to distinguish suspicious from harmless
traffic on those routes; c) make it difficult or impossible to block suspicious routes
or intercept/monitor suspicious traffic without causing unacceptable deterioration
of service for "ordinary" traffic.
two ratios seem useful to me as a way of organising cryptoanarchic network protocols. suspicious routes/ordinary routes; suspicious/ordinary traffic on any route. an ideal universal
DC-Net with padding to keep constant throughput would have both ratios tending towards 1 - there is only one route - broadcast - for everyone; and traffic is constant so the degree of
really suspicious stuff is unknown.
pure Blacknet-type systems tend towards [1,0] - there is only one route, assuming everyone
uses it. but without padding, you could suspect all traffic.
Pipenet tends towards [0,1] - there are many routes, and they're all pretty suspicious
as it's possible for the monitor to discriminate among them. but traffic is constant, so
you don't know when to suspect. First Monday - The Peer-Reviewed Journal on the Internet   Munksgaard International Publishers, Copenhagen
Intl & Managing Editor - Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (ghosh at firstmonday.dk) Mobile +91 98110 14574; Fax +91 11 2209608; Tel +91 11 2454717 A4/204 Ekta Apts., 9 Indraprastha Extn, New Delhi 110092 INDIA

@_date: 1998-01-22 04:24:38
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: security and hidden networks (was On the LAM--Local Area Mixes) 
this post suggests that technically, routing through a sub-network does not necessarily increase complexity or hinder traffic analysis,
as it can be treated as a virtual node. given that, LAM-type networks
may not provide much protection in a politically unkind environment.
i also suggest a way of rating (or classifying) secure networks based
on how well they hide suspect data and routes in other traffic.
as this in response to tim may's LAM post, i'll respond quoting that.
i won't repeat my objections to a reliance on "problematic" court orders, which
i've made in another post. let us simply assume, for example, that i am the
NSA, and i don't need court orders, but i'm a sneaky sort so i don't want to
go in with guns blazing just yet. Alice has a network, alice.net, 10.1.1.0. she
has many machines on this network, some hers, some belonging to Bob. when Alice and Bob plan stink-bomb attacks on the IRS (sorry, when they,
or Li-Xia and Bu-pang, write articles on human rights violations in xinjiang) to Carol and David, outside their network, they first bounce their packets around
their 30 machines.
i sniff all packets going into and out of the network 10.1.1.0, from the upstream
provider (Alice has her whole building in a faraday cage, which is ok because she
never tries to use her mobile phone indoors). so. does it matter in the least, to
me, whether alice wrote her last rant from kitchen.alice.net (10.1.1.1) or garage.alice.net
(10.1.1.2) or whether it was actually Bob - Bob Inc, to be safe - from 10.1.1.33?
it could matter politically/legally (if i wanted to prosecute) or technically (if i want
to trace traffic down, to, from or through alice's net). technically first: it doesn't
really matter. i treat alice's net as a hermetically sealed virtual "node"...
... which is all the more correct topologically if broadcast addresses (10.1.1.255)
are used. so i treat alice's net as a single node, and monitor traffic as it enters
and leaves that "node". just as i would monitor traffic entering and leaving a
single machine, without caring much which disk drive or memory bank it passed
with a single physical entry and exit point to the network it can be treated exactly as if it were a single node for the purposes of any traffic analysis (security/traceability).
multiple physical connections might complicate it slightly, but if i'm sniffing them
all, and they connect to the same set of machines (i.e. the same network), not much
(if it's IP the address spaces may differ but that's a minor matter).
depending on what remailer math tells us - and we really do need remailer math, as
tim pointed out! - bouncing traffic around sub-nets may have little impact on
security. it could remain the same; i don't see how it could become much better;
it could plausibly get worse, if multiple nodes in a single subnet can eat into your random route hops resulting in concentration of traffic through fewer virtual "nodes".
the only situation in which this isn't true is if the source and destination of traffic
are both within the sealed network - presumably what would happen most of the
time with tim's suggestion of voice/high-bandwidth stuff.
now for the political/legal bit. given that i'd like to see cypherpunk technology as
daring enough to be of use outside western democracies, let's look at a slightly
challenging situation. you're a bunch of people, each with your own firm for added
safety, in this building. now i'm not a decent american cop, worried about court
orders etc. ok, i don't exactly want to shoot all of you at once. but if i am satisfied
(which i could be, using technical methods) that lots of "suspicious" stuff is coming
from your network, then i'll certainly come in and reeducate you all on your "errors
and distortions." (sorry, just finished a week of watching andrzej wajda films at a
retrospective.) oho. it's a BIG building. and i don't really suspect all of you. ok, i go have a chat
with the network admin - Alice - and hold her responsible. she has great respect
for the government and police and would never write such a nasty thing as "the
state tortures political prisoners?" uh oh. so i tell her that for the good of the country
she must let someone listen in at her machine ("you didn't keep logs? ah, that was
a mistake, no?") - i'm now inside, and the sealed network shrinks. of course if i'm impatient and don't believe her innocent approach, i just use the rubber hose. the same goes for multiple physical links into the same network.
can _technology_ - rather than relying on law-abiding cops, and rights-abiding
laws - provide a solution? the key is the BIG building. the more non-suspicious
routes there are - i.e. a route through normal, unsuspected people, typically
but not necessarily outside the physically well-protected area - the harder to usefully treat a network as a virtual node. looking at 10.1.1.0 as a node may help, just 256 people there; but 10.1.0.0 is a bit big to make a coherent "node"
so although a LAM may be a great way to _test_ new tech and protocols out,
i'd think it a big mistake to actually deploy it, as it were, on a large scale. it
wouldn't help at all in the tough spots, and it would only serve to make the easier spots tougher, strengthening the immune system of would-be tyrannical
states (i.e. the nicer western democracies). in general "WAMs" would be much
more helpful and secure. the other thing that helps is of course the degree of non-suspicious traffic on
suspected routes. putting them together, i think you can get some measure
of the utility of a protocol and topology. the ideal would a) make it technically impossible to trace the route of suspicious traffic; and b) make it politically/legally difficult to prosecute originators/destinations
of suspicious traffic. it would do this by a) blurring the distinction between suspicious
and "regular" routes; and b) make it difficult to distinguish suspicious from harmless
traffic on those routes; c) make it difficult or impossible to block suspicious routes
or intercept/monitor suspicious traffic without causing unacceptable deterioration
of service for "ordinary" traffic.
two ratios seem useful to me as a way of organising cryptoanarchic network protocols. suspicious routes/ordinary routes; suspicious/ordinary traffic on any route. an ideal universal
DC-Net with padding to keep constant throughput would have both ratios tending towards 1 - there is only one route - broadcast - for everyone; and traffic is constant so the degree of
really suspicious stuff is unknown.
pure Blacknet-type systems tend towards [1,0] - there is only one route, assuming everyone
uses it. but without padding, you could suspect all traffic.
Pipenet tends towards [0,1] - there are many routes, and they're all pretty suspicious
as it's possible for the monitor to discriminate among them. but traffic is constant, so
you don't know when to suspect. First Monday - The Peer-Reviewed Journal on the Internet   Munksgaard International Publishers, Copenhagen
Intl & Managing Editor - Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (ghosh at firstmonday.dk) Mobile +91 98110 14574; Fax +91 11 2209608; Tel +91 11 2454717 A4/204 Ekta Apts., 9 Indraprastha Extn, New Delhi 110092 INDIA

@_date: 1998-01-22 05:45:08
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: politics of topology (was On the LAM--Local Area Mixes) 
m k gandhi used to say that it was good india was colonised by the _british_ -
the poor fools were vulnerable to non-violent rational argument and (relatively) concerned about such oddities as human rights.
one problem with tim may's idea for local area mixes is just that: relying on
US stickliness on wimpy rules for search/interception is all very well, but wouldn't fly in china. i won't get into the argument over how awful
the US state is here, but if all cypherpunk technology can fight is the "tyrannical"
democracies of the west, it's not much good, IMNSHO. besides, if such technology becomes widespread in, say, the US, then it's inevitable that the authorities will tend towards more _real_ tyrannical behaviour, diluting search/seizure protections and taking you closer to china. a weak vaccine
 _strengthens_ the microbe it is supposed to kill. today your tech may let you plan stink-bomb attacks on the IRS in peace; tomorrow
it may not be sufficient to let you publish articles critical of the goverment.
i always thought the cypherpunk idea ("write code" etc) was to develop tech
that is _independent_ of political protections. technology will not undermine the
power of governments, if it is based on (incorrect) assumptions that governments
will continue to restrain themselves (e.g. search & seizure) when faced by increasing
use of such tech. i should think that LAMs would be excellent test-beds for larger-scale systems,
but it is larger-scale systems, where you don't assume the government's _not_
snooping because it's squeamish, that matter more. First Monday - The Peer-Reviewed Journal on the Internet   Munksgaard International Publishers, Copenhagen
Intl & Managing Editor - Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (ghosh at firstmonday.dk) Mobile +91 98110 14574; Fax +91 11 2209608; Tel +91 11 2454717 A4/204 Ekta Apts., 9 Indraprastha Extn, New Delhi 110092 INDIA

@_date: 2001-09-22 19:27:29
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: [silk] Re: Avoid hard targets tomorrow (fwd) 
hey tim,
maybe you remember me from the early days of cypherpunks at toad.com. just
wanted to butt in here and reply to your post which i saw forwarded to
some other list... it beats me why americans and the western media generally
likes to get worried about the "most dangerous spot in the world" and "next
nuclear warzone" that is south asia, given that everyone in  india and pakistan
knows neither country will use any nuclear weapons. the border population
density is too great in both countries and population centres close enough
that any major attack by one country on the other will have a direct fallout
on both (taking delivery range into account). besides, neither govt is or has
been remotely close to dreaming of nuclear attacks, though pakistan occasionally talks about them in the hope of getting america worried enough to
get involved in the dispute over kashmir.
indians and pakistanis don't worry about nuclear war because we know that the nuclear tests were for attention - india has had the Bomb since 1974, and
pakistan has been known  to have it for a decade. india carried out the tests
because it felt the us was ignoring india (media coverage of "asia" typically
limited itself to east asia) and wanted more attention. obviously pakistan had
to show that it was as good as its neighbour. that's it.
india's govt has been quietly (and cynically) satisfied at these events, because now, as some people have said, "the US finally wants to do something
about the terrorists and training camps India's been complaining  about for
years." india won't get involved in pakistan's troubles. rather, it hopes the US will somehow manage to shut down the training camps and networks which
harbour groups that attack india... and if that puts pakistan's govt in a
tight situation, well that's just a nice little bonus isn't it.

@_date: 2005-04-01 15:00:48
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: [silk] Google Targeted ads - gmail 
biju, you use gmail. of *course* google knows everything, they read your
private mails. perhaps "manipal" was mentioned in some mail sent by you, to
you or by/to one of the people on your address list who happen to have
gmail accounts...
-rishab (who was shocked when he heard from a google board member that the
store all ip addresses for all searches forever, and won't round off - eg.
to class C or zip code - because they don't yet know what they want to do
with this wonderful privacy-invading detailed stuff)
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-05-25 15:23:06
@_author: Rishab Aiyer Ghosh 
@_subject: [silk] Fake Fingerprints 
i like the one that was reported a couple of years ago, on how to do it
with edible gelatin rather than wood glue:
the best line: "after [security door] lets you in, eat the evidence".
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
