
@_date: 1998-10-02 11:13:59
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
It might be best not to develop encryption software in the US.  You
might enjoy working on encryption, but if export control makes it is
hard for the whole world-wide free software community to take
advantage of your work, it would be better to work on something else
not subject to export control, and leave encryption to people outside
the US.  There are plenty of people in other countries interested in
working on encryption.
The GNU replacements for PGP and SSH are being written outside the US,
by people who are not US citizens.  We will import them to the US, but
we will never need to export them.

@_date: 1998-10-02 11:14:34
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
The big issue I see with GPL and Crypto software is that with the GPL
    you cannot add any redistribution restrictions.  The problem is that
    due to the United States export rules, I cannot export Crypto
    software, That is true.
    code I write.
In general, the fact that action A is illegal does not mean you must
include a requirement in your distribution terms not to do A.  Such a
requirement is superfluous, because A is illegal no matter what you
say about it.  For example, if you distribute email software, you
don't need to state the requirements not to use it for fraud or
harrassment.  They are illegal anyway.
It might be a good idea to include, in crypto software, a notice
informing users that US law forbids export of the software, as a
warning lest they do so unaware that export control covers it; but
this need not have the form of a binding requirement.  It could just
be "for your information".

@_date: 1998-10-04 16:24:33
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
d) As far as I can work out, someone who wants to free part of a
    product, but not all of it, can't practically do so under GPL.
I'm not really sure what that means, but I have a feeling that there
is a misunderstanding at the root of it.  Could you describe the scenario
more clearly, so I could tell for certain?

@_date: 1998-10-04 16:24:47
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
A couple of people responded to this
    It isn't surprising that people who want to write non-free software
    are disappointed that the GNU project won't help them.  What is
    amazing is that they feel this is unfair.
by expressing doubt that anyone really thinks so.
I think the person who wrote this text
    I used to be quite pro-GNU until I tried this exercise (writing
    commercial crypto software for software companies) and ended up
    re-writing huge tracts of stuff just to remove the GNU license virus.
made that feeling quite clear through his use of name-calling.  He did
not content himself with saying, "I had to rewrite huge tracts of
stuff because its authors did not give permission to use it in a
proprietary program," because that straightforward and accurate
description would have shown why his resentment was unjustified.

@_date: 1998-10-04 16:25:06
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: No Subject 
The GNU GPL discourages the sale of proprietary software by prohibiting
    anything using code covered by the license from being proprietary, and
    that's right.
    The proposed Cypherpunks license discourages the distribution of software
    with key recovery (= government back doors) by prohibiting anything using
    code covered by the license from having key recovery, and that's wrong.
Yes, exactly.  To uphold freedom for all users is right; to impose
your specific preferences on users who want to do something else is
wrong, because it takes away their freedom.
I don't like back doors, but I support users' freedom to install back
doors, for the same reason I support your freedom of speech even when
you say things I don't like.  The crucial thing is that each user
should be free to choose for perself; we must avoid giving a person,
company or government the power to choose for others.
The GNU GPL insists that everyone have the freedom to (1) see what is
inside the software they use, and (2) change it if they don't like it.
When everyone has this freedom, they can reject back doors, if they
want to.  If an otherwise-useful program has a back door, people can
tell.  (Most users would not have the training to recognize one, but
someone will spot it, and will warn the public.)  They can also remove
the back door "feature", and distribute a modified version which has
the same useful features but no back door.
If instead you make a requirement of "no government back doors", but
you permit proprietary versions whose source code is secret, what will
be the result?  If the person who makes a proprietary version obeys
your terms, it will have no government back door, but it might contain
something else bad, and no one could tell, including you.
What if someone makes a proprietary version and adds a back door?
That would violate your terms, but would you know?  Let's suppose you
do know that your code was used, either because person says so or
because you figure it out.  That does not enable you to tell that the
back door was added.  Thus, as a practical matter, you cannot enforce
this requirement the way you can enforce the GNU GPL.  (Once you know
your code was used, a violation of the GPL is blatantly obvious.)
Looking at the issue in a broader context, companies have the
resources to avoid using your code.  No matter how useful your package
may be, they can write other code to do the same job.
If you convince the users that government back doors are a bad thing,
but they think that proprietary (non-free) programs are ok, they will
always have to take it on trust that a given proprietary software
product has no back doors.  To be sure, if the product includes your
code, any back door would violate your terms (if only you knew about
it); but users will see no reason to insist on a product that uses
your code.  They may just as well choose a product that uses some
other implementation of the same feature, and that alternative
implementation may not have any prohibition on adding a back door.
If instead we convince the users that non-free software is a bad
thing, or even only that non-free crypto software is a bad thing, that
does the job much more thoroughly.  They may still choose a product
that uses some other implementation instead of your code, but if that
product is free software, they will be able to check its source for
back doors just the same.
The best way for the users to avoid *any* particular hidden misfeature
in software is to insist on using only free software.

@_date: 1998-10-06 09:10:55
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
I may wish to write some code for free, that
    is, have the intention of letting you use my source code in your
    programs, and to write other code for profit.
Please separate the issues of freedom and price.  I think you are
lumping them together.  A number of people these days write free
software for profit; there are companies whose business is based on
developing free software, and all the software they develop is free.
See  for more about these
    I would vastly prefer that people simply place their code in the
    public domain explicitly.
If you want to use our code in non-free software, and leave your users
(who would then be our users also) no freedom, it is understandable
that you would ask for this.  But if we care about their freedom, as
well as about your freedom, it is natural that we would say no.
I've heard many people say that the X11 license is "more free" than
the GNU GPL.  Implicit in that is an assumption that you should
measure the freedom where the program leaves the hands of the original
developer.  But that doesn't measure the *users'* freedom.
If you measure the freedom where the program reaches the end user, you
find that the GPL results in more freedom for the users, because it
protects the users' freedom.  The X11 and BSD licenses have failed to
do that.  A large fraction of the users of X11 are running proprietary
modified versions; for them, X11 has very little freedom.  The same
was true of BSD--most of its users were running the proprietary
systems SunOS 4 and Ultrix.  (Maybe that is still true.)
See  for more explanation.
But if you do decide to use a non-copyleft free license, please don't
use the BSD license.  Please use the X11 license, or some other that
is free of special problems.  See
 for an explanation.

@_date: 1998-10-06 09:11:27
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
>The two have different goals. RMS is mistaken about appropriate
    >licensing for crypto code written by cypherpunks because he thinks the
    >goals are the same, when they are not.
I beg your pardon, but this is no mistake.  I'm well aware of the
people who argue for donating code to companies "so it will be more
widely used."  Proprietary software developers have been seeking for
years to convince free software developers to think this way, and not
just in the field of encryption.  This is what the X Consortium used
to say (see If you care about freedom, there's no reason why you can't care about
users' freedom to share and change software, and their freedom to use
encryption, at the same time.  You can work to spread use of
encryption and to spread users' freedom, at the same time, by
developing free encryption software.

@_date: 1998-10-24 02:29:52
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
This assumes that writing and selling proprietary software is 'the
    ability to control other people'.
Making a program proprietary is controlling people, pure and simple.
It is a matter of restricting users from sharing, studying and/or
changing the program--restricting users from cooperating.
    but people *choose* to accept the restrictions of non-free
    software for any number of reasons.
People often choose to give up important freedoms--usually because
they are offered a limited choice, and the other alternatives seem to
involve short-term pain.  One can understand why people do this, but
the effects are still dangerous.  When almost everyone gives up
certain freedoms, those few who keep them may be subject to various
sorts of pressure that only a few determined people would resist.
The crucial question is not whether people had some limited range of
choice available.  It is, what limited the choice?  Was it limited by
nature, or did someone deliberately deny people the other better
choices?  And if so, was that wrong?
      I do not see anyone being coerced into
    using it by threat of physical force.
Physical force is not the only thing that can hurt people or
systematically degrade society, so whether it is employed not a
crucial issue.  But, as it happens, physical force generally does play
a role in proprietary software.  Most proprietary software developers
make use of laws that place the power of the state at their service in
stopping users from sharing.
Using physical force is sometimes justified--for example, to prevent a
wrong.  In this spirit, copyleft uses laws and state power to prevent
others from using the very same laws and power to restrict users.

@_date: 1998-09-30 11:22:56
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
All stuff I have written (non-commercially) so far has been PD.
    (Actually I don't even dignify it with a `this is PD' note -- I
    personally have zip respect for copyright, patents, licenses).
Legally, what this means is that your software is copyrighted, and any
redistribution of it is illegal.  That counterintuitive consequence is
the due to a treaty, the Berne Convention, that was designed to cater
to copyright owners.
    However, perhaps one could do one better than PD: restrict use to
    propogate cypherpunk goals.  eg.     - You may not use this code in software which provides government back
    doors.
    - secret service agencies can not use this software / or must pay
    exorbitant license fees
My information is that such criteria are not legally enforcible under
copyright law in many countries.  You should probably check with a
copyright lawyer before trying such a thing.
In addition, a program with a restriction like this is not free
software, so people would probably work on a free replacement for it.
I don't want government back doors in any software I use, but this
kind of restriction is the wrong way to avoid them.  The right way is
through the GNU GPL, which would enable people to check the source
code of a modified version for anything suspicious.

@_date: 1998-09-30 11:26:24
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
I designed the GNU GPL to insist that you must make your code free
software, if you include GPL-covered code in it.  I did this for a
reason: to encourage people to make software free.  It does this by
providing code that is available only for writing free software, not
for writing proprietary software.
The GNU GPL works well to promote free software (see
  It also permits
commercial use of the code.  What it does not permit is using the code
in a proprietary program.  I won't use proprietary software, I want to
have free software for every job.  So I have no reason to help you
write any proprietary software.  If you want code you can use in a
proprietary program, you are out of luck.
It isn't surprising that people who want to write non-free software
are disappointed that the GNU project won't help them.  What is
amazing is that they feel this is unfair.  They have no intention of
letting me use their source code in my programs--so why should they be
entitled to use my source code in their programs?  These people seem
to think that their selfishness entitles them to special treatment.
The GPL is my way of offering a certain kind of cooperation to anyone
else who is willing to cooperate in the same way.
For an explanation of the difference between commercial and
proprietary, see  and
