
@_date: 2005-12-06 05:44:58
@_author: Richard M. Smith 
@_subject: [EPIC_IDOF] FW: Tommy Thompson Puts off RFID Implant 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-21 10:00:32
@_author: Richard M. Smith 
@_subject: [EPIC_IDOF] Surveillance UK: why this revolution is only the 
Surveillance UK: why this revolution is only the start
By Steve Connor, Science Editor
Published: 22 December 2005
The new national surveillance network for tracking car journeys,
which has
taken more than 25 years to develop, is only the beginning of plans to
monitor the movements of all British citizens. The Home Office
Development Branch in Hertfordshire is already working on ways of
automatically recognising human faces by computer, which many people
see as truly introducing the prospect of Orwellian street surveillance,
where our every move is recorded and stored by machines.
Although the problems of facial recognition by computer are far more
formidable than for car number plates, experts believe it is only a
of time before machines can reliably pull a face out of a crowd of
If the police and security services can show that a national
operation based on recording car movements can protect the public
criminals and terrorists, there will be a strong political will to do
same with street cameras designed to monitor the flow of human traffic.
A major feature of the national surveillance centre for car numbers
is the
ability to trawl through records of previous sightings to build up an
intelligence picture of a vehicle's precise whereabouts on the road
However, the Home Office and police believe that the Big Brother
nature of
the operation can be justified on the basis of the technology's proven
ability to catch criminals. "In simple terms criminals use vehicles.
If you
want to commit a crime, you're going to use a vehicle," said Frank
the Chief Constable of Hertfordshire, who leads the project. " There is
nothing secretive about it and we don't want it to be secret, because we
want people to feel safer, to see that they are protected."
A 13-month pilot scheme between 2003 and 2004 found the performance
of the
police improved dramatically when they had access automatic number plate
recognition (ANPR) cameras. Project Laser 2 involved 23 police forces
specially fitted vans with ANPR cameras linked to a police database.
It led
to a fivefold increase in the arrest rate for frontline officers.
But these mobile units will constitute only a tiny proportion of the
thousands of ANPR cameras that by next year will be feeding more than 35
million number plate "reads" every day into the new national data
centre at
Hendon, north London, the same site as the Police National Computer.
Mr Whiteley, chairman of the ANPR steering committee, said the intention
eventually was to move from the "low thousands" of cameras to the " high
EPIC_IDOF mailing list
EPIC_IDOF at mailman.epic.org
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-22 02:22:49
@_author: Richard M. Smith 
@_subject: [EPIC_IDOF] Our Domestic Intelligence Crisis 
Our Domestic Intelligence Crisis
By Richard A. Posner
Wednesday, December 21, 2005; Page A31
We've learned that the Defense Department is deeply involved in domestic
intelligence (intelligence concerning threats to national security that
unfold on U.S. soil). The department's National Security Agency has been
conducting, outside the framework of the Foreign Intelligence
Act, electronic surveillance of U.S. citizens within the United States.
Other Pentagon agencies, notably the one known as Counterintelligence
Activity (CIFA), have, as described in Walter Pincus's recent
articles in
The Post, been conducting domestic intelligence on a large scale.
the CIFA's formal mission is to prevent attacks on military
installations in
the United States, the scale of its activities suggests a broader
with domestic security. Other Pentagon agencies have gotten into the
domestic intelligence act, such as the Information Dominance Center,
developed the Able Danger data-mining program.
These programs are criticized as grave threats to civil liberties.
They are
not. Their significance is in flagging the existence of gaps in our
against terrorism. The Defense Department is rushing to fill those gaps,
though there may be better ways.
The collection, mainly through electronic means, of vast amounts of
data is said to invade privacy. But machine collection and processing of
data cannot, as such, invade privacy. Because of their volume, the
data are
first sifted by computers, which search for names, addresses, phone
etc., that may have intelligence value. This initial sifting, far from
invading privacy (a computer is not a sentient being), keeps most
data from being read by any intelligence officer.
The data that make the cut are those that contain clues to possible
to national security. The only valid ground for forbidding human
of such data is fear that they might be used to blackmail or otherwise
intimidate the administration's political enemies. That danger is more
remote than at any previous period of U.S. history. Because of increased
political partisanship, advances in communications technology and more
numerous and competitive media, American government has become a
sieve. No
secrets concerning matters that would interest the public can be kept
long. And the public would be far more interested to learn that public
officials were using private information about American citizens for
political ends than to learn that we have been rough with terrorist
