
@_date: 1998-10-09 08:41:42
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Since you've quoted Juliet, let's look at what she is really saying.
Your topic is terminology and whether it matters, but Juliet has other
concerns on her mind.  She uses Romeo's family name as a figure of
speech, a stand-in for his family.  When she says his name is
unimportant, she really means that his family ties should be
To make her meaning clear (once we decode the figure of speech),
Juliet depends on our knowing clearly what "Montague" refers to.  She
depends on the meanings of words, and names, in order to make her
point, even when she uses the meanings indirectly.  All speech does.
When you use words that have meanings, your choice of words determines
what you say.  Consider "pro-life" and "anti-abortion": they are used
to refer to the same people, but say very different things about them.
When you speak about them, your choice of terms will communicate an
opinion.  If you care about the abortion issue, you probably care
which opinion you convey.
It's the same for "open source" and "free software".  They refer to
the same software, but say very different things about it.  So how
about giving people an accurate idea of what I say?  Even if you don't
agree with me, you can still do that.

@_date: 1998-10-09 08:45:02
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
The SSLeay license is not a BSD-style license.  The BSD license is not
a typical non-copyleft free license; it has a particular problem.  For
an explanation, see If you want to release a program as non-copylefted free software,
please use the X11 license, not the BSD license.  The X11 license is
the best of these licenses.

@_date: 1998-10-09 08:55:59
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Public Domain status denotes more freedom than GPL.  It allows all of
    the freedom of GPL and in addition, it allows the freedom of making
    proprietary modifications.
Public domain gives person P the ability to make modified versions and
give users no freedom in using them.  The result is that people in
general have less freedom.
This might seem like a paradox: you give people "more freedom", but
they end up with less.  How can that be?  It has to do with stretching
the word "freedom" to include the ability to control other people.
That kind of "freedom" tends to leave other people with less freedom.
What happened with the X Window System illustrates this unambiguously
(see One way to avoid the paradox is to distinguish between freedom and
power.  Freedom is being able to decide your own activities and
choices that affect mainly you.  When someone can decide other
people's activities, or choices that affect mainly others, that is
power, not freedom.
With this definition, the paradox goes away.  Copyright is a power,
not a freedom.  Copyleft, by blocking this power, protects freedom.
The GNU GPL guarantees basic freedom for all users, which otherwise
they will tend to lose.

@_date: 1998-10-14 09:08:40
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: Two? ways people could use your code 
People have brought up the argument of the two classes of possible
users of a library: those who want to write a free program, and those
who want to write a proprietary program.
This is a valid approach, but we must consider all the terms in the
equation.  There are actually three classes of possible projects that
might use code you have written:
* Those who want to make a free program.
* Those who want to make a proprietary program.
* Those who don't have strong views about the matter.
So let's look at each of these three cases, considering two available
choices (copylefting, or not copylefting), and how the decision
affects the goals of encouraging use of encryption, discouraging back
doors, and encouraging users' freedom.
* Some people believe in free software and will make their additions
  free no matter what.  Whether you use copyleft makes no difference
  in this kind of case.
* Often at companies, and sometimes at universities, people are dead
  set on making a proprietary program.  This program may be capable of
  doing a job, but its users will not have freedom, and they will have
  to take it on faith that there are no backdoors.
  Copylefting your code says this project cannot use it.  Most likely,
  the project will spend some extra money to write their own code, and
  the outcome for the public will be much the same.  They might do a
  worse job, or a better job.  There's some chance they would not do
  the project; whether that is a loss for the public is not clear.  It
  could mean less use of encryption; but if you also care about
  avoiding secret back doors, and about users' freedom, you won't see
  this as an unambiguous loss.
* Often at universities, and sometimes at companies, people decide to
  write a program but don't think about whether to make it free
  software.  They may not care, they may dislike thinking about the
  issue, they may simply not understand that there is an issue.
  In these cases, they will probably judge your code by its features,
  not by its distribution terms.  If they want to use your code, and
  your terms say that's permitted only if their program is free,
  they'll say, "Ok, I'll make it free, and use your code."
  In this kind of case, using copyleft will produce a benefit: more
  freedom for the end user, who can check, rather than trust, that
  there are no back doors in the program.
Conclusion: if you care *only* about more use of encryption, and
*absolutely not* about secret back doors or users' freedom, then you
would find it a better strategy not to copyleft.
But if you care about encouraging use of encryption, about
discouraging back doors, and about freedom for software users,
copyleft (such as the GNU GPL) is a good way of promoting all of these
goals together.

@_date: 1998-10-15 09:10:41
@_author: Richard Stallman 
@_subject: overlapping aims -- cypherpunks/FSF (Re: Two? ways people could use your code) 
Would you be interested in publishing GNUPG, and other GNU crypto
    utilities and libraries under GNU LGPL?
We might use the LGPL for some of these libraries.  The decision
depends on the details of the situation for any particular library, so
I don't want to try to decide in advance.
