
@_date: 1995-01-09 05:11:16
@_author: Raul Deluth Miller 
@_subject: remailers 
I'm wondering if I understand this remailer debate.  Here's my summary
(based not so much on reading of cypherpunk traffic, but on my
understanding of the basic principles):
(*) define an encrypting mailer protocol (basically, just PGP or some
such).  When a mailer receives an encrypted message, it unpacks
(0) a message which may have been doubly encoded (once by originator,
once by prior remailer to disguise padding) -- if so, must decrypt
(1) the message to be forwarded, annotated with control info (e.g.
padding, delay, key to reencrypt under)
(2) payment information in whatever format is advertised for that
As I understand it the problem with digital cash is defining physical
link for the "cash", without compromising the identity of whoever
payed into the account.
The proposal-to-date involves a guild of remailers.  As I see it, this
would be primarily of value for shuffling cash around -- call it a
build of bankers instead.  Once you've established your "cash"-net,
presumably with related services such as drop-boxes and temporary
accounts, you could use more flexible mechanisms for anonymous mail,
which feed off the cash net where necessary.
I've not read Chaum(sp?)'s work on encrypted cash, so perhaps I've
ignored some terribly obvious issues.
[No PGP signature -- at the moment, I don't have a host sufficiently
secure to be worth bothering with.]

@_date: 1995-01-09 18:25:54
@_author: Raul Deluth Miller 
@_subject: data havens 
The problem with encryption, in general, is that it's an attempt to
hide information -- unless the information is trivial, encryption is
only a temporary measure.
Believe it or not, the government (or, more properly, people
associated with the government) is still trying to figure out which
industries are Iraqi owned -- one technique being brought to bear is
statistical analysis of company activities, with special attention to
changes which occurred during the gulf war.
The only way to have data havens be acceptable to the U.S. government
would be to have them become acceptable to the U.S. population (or
some significant fraction of them).  This would imply phasing out the
DEA and the IRS, at a minimum.  [Newspaper article this weekend: how
it's so horrible that some people deal in cash and thus are evading
the IRS.]
More generally, the way to keep a data haven from being located is to
make sure it doesn't have a location...  This is hard to do without
severely impacting latency.

@_date: 1995-01-09 20:07:07
@_author: Raul Deluth Miller 
@_subject: Pornography, What is it? 
Pornography is in the eyes of the beholder.
[Especially if the beholder happens to be a postmaster in Memphis...]
