
@_date: 1996-12-19 15:11:08
@_author: Roderick Simpson 
@_subject: Ban spam outright? 
There is an interesting debate going on between Jamie Love and Scott Hazen
Mueller over how to deal with the problem of email spam (does this
constitute as one?) in Brain Tennis right now. Mueller would like to get
rid of spam outright, while Love's organization is on the verge of
recommending spam labeling legislation to the US Congress. Go to
 to take a look.
Also, drop in to the open discussion area:
R o d e r i c k S i m p s o n                                rod at wired.com
A s s o c i a t e P r o d u c e r  T h e H o t W i r e d N e t w o r k

@_date: 1996-07-30 10:09:42
@_author: Roderick Simpson 
@_subject: Denning vs. Gilmore 
Today, Monday, July 29, Dorothy Denning begins her debate vs. John Gilmore
over The Absolute Right to Privacy on Wired Online's Brain Tennis site. Do
citizens of the world have an "unalienable right" to privacy - or are there
reasons why governments ought to have access to our communications? This
debate will run daily through August 7. Follow along at
 To get into the debate yourself, go to:
An excerpt of Dorothy's first post today:
     "I'm not ready to accept 'the cat is out of
     the bag.' Let's look for a way of enjoying
     the benefits of encryption without
     unnecessarily hindering the ability of law
     enforcement to perform its mission. Let's
     use encryption for privacy, but also give
     law enforcement access to communications and
     computer files when there is probable cause
     and a judge has issued a court order. In
     some cases, that access must be
     surreptitious. Imagine the FBI calling a
     family boss and saying 'Give me your keys so
     I can wiretap your phone!'"
John Gilmore's first post follows tomorrow. See you there.
Roderick Simpson
rod at wired.com
Wired Online

@_date: 1996-11-20 12:06:08
@_author: Roderick Simpson 
@_subject: Anon 
Who has made the strongest case _against_ anonymity on the Net that you
have ever heard? Someone intelligent and theoretical rather than trapped in
some child porn or commerce pov.
R o d e r i c k S i m p s o n                                rod at wired.com
A s s o c i a t e P r o d u c e r  T h e H o t W i r e d N e t w o r k

@_date: 1996-09-24 19:31:25
@_author: Roderick Simpson 
@_subject: Barlow/Taylor censorship debate 
Come join in John Perry Barlow's Brain Tennis debate
( versus CDA supporter and president of the
National Law Center for Children and Families, Bruce Taylor, over
government censorship and free speech. Taylor has also been a Justice
lawyer and prosecutor for the city of Cleveland, where he prosecuted, among
others, Larry Flint.
Their debate will last from today through next Wednesday, October 2.
To post, go to:
See you there!
Roderick Simpson
Associate Producer
Wired Online

@_date: 1997-03-10 16:15:27
@_author: Roderick Simpson 
@_subject: Ecash Brain Tennis 
Heya. We've got an interesting debate going in Brain Tennis on the
implications of Ecash - Robert Hettinga of the Digital Commerce Society and
Kawika Daguio of the American Bankers Association. Bob thinks ecash (and
specifically digital bearer certificates) will lead to the extinction of
government and other financial institutions, while Kawika contends a need
for trust will always be prevalent and ecash will therefore only strengthen
existing financial structures.
The debate continues through next week - take a look at:
and post in the public Threads at:
Roderick Simpson                        rod at wired.com
Associate Producer...............The HotWired Network
