
@_date: 2011-11-27 19:46:32
@_author: Romana Challans 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Why wireless mesh networks wonbt save us from censorship 
The argument comes from a single viewpoint. There will be occasions
where it is not a sufficient solution in and off itself, but will form
a component, at least when discussing censorship and politics.
There are more ways to communicate than just voice - data such as
location information, photos, videos, etc. They greatly increase the
possibilities of a mesh network.
Also, as I indicated, there are hybrid cases - as in the Serval model,
where one may end up on infrastructure at some point in the mesh -
which would be, by desire, safe infrastructure. Also, what we are
looking at with Trusted Users and other forms of security will greatly
enhance its usefulness in this area.
Maintenance is a non issue as we are mobile phone based - simply enter
and exit the mesh as needed.
Antennas - umm, what antennas? Ok, if you WANT some, they could be
hooked in to a hybrid system - but the Serval mesh is not reliant on
them, (well, if nit picky, only inasmuch as using the ones built in to
the handset;) )
The rest of the hardware arguments are, again, defeated by mobile phone usage.
As for breaking routing, we are taking multiple attacks on this, from
developing increasingly better protocols, to working with the IEEE on
improved standards.
Sorry, I just don't see his point - but then, I am lucky enough to be
working on a project which is leading the way in mesh networking:)))
He is wrong, but he has good points about education and things to
protest. However, one of us should contact him to explain there are
better options than what he has encountered.
And maybe these are good rebuttal points for the FAQ I am building for website?
Romana Challans
Phone : (+61) 0403865721 Skype : timelady
On Sun, Nov 27, 2011 at 7:17 PM, Alasdair Mclellan

@_date: 2013-01-22 16:27:49
@_author: Romana Challans 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Announcing Serval 09.0RC1 - Shiny! 
After several months of exciting development, we are proud to announce the developer release candidate for wider testing of the Serval Mesh 0.90RC1, aka Shiny. It is called Shiny due to the significant and exciting changes we have made.
What we need from you now is people to download, install and test. We need you to really use it, and let us know what you think, good or bad. We want to know about all the bugs and issues, but we also want to know what you like about it. If you donbt discover any show stopping bugs, we hope to release this version into Google Play by the 25th January.
Download links and other resources at:
Thank you all for staying on this journey with us!
Romana Challans
Co-founder & UI/UX Lead
Phone : (+61) 0403865721 Skype : timelady
