
@_date: 1993-11-23 17:58:04
@_author: Romana Machado 
@_subject: Announcing Stego 1.0a2 - Steganography for the Mac 
Announcing Stego 1.0a2
The First Steganography Tool For The Macintosh
by Romana Machado of Paradigm Shift Research
What is steganography?
Steganography is a method by which a message can be disguised by making it appear to be something else. It derives from two Greek roots. "Steg-" means "roof", the same root used in "stegosaur", called a "roof lizard" because of the large bony plates that decorate its back, and "-graphy" means writing. "Steganography" means "roofed", or covert writing.
What is Stego?
Stego is a tool that enables you to embed data in, and retrieve data from, Macintosh PICT format files, without changing the appearance of the PICT file.  Though its effect is visually undetectable, do not expect cryptographic security from Stego.  Be aware that anyone with a copy of Stego can retrieve your data from your PICT file.  Stego  can  be used as an "envelope" to hide a _previously encrypted_ data file in a PICT file, making it much less likely to be detected.
How does Stego work?
Stego works by slightly altering pixel values.  Every computer graphics image is made up of an array of tiny dots of color, called pixels.  The color of each pixel is determined by its pixel value.  The pixel value is a number.  In a computer, all numbers, and all data are expressed by sequences of bits, or ones and zeroes.  For example, in an 8 bit computer graphics image, each pixel's color is determined by a sequence of 8 bits.  The first bit in the sequence is called the "most significant bit", because it affects the pixel value the most, and the last bit in the sequence is called the "least significant bit", because it affects the pixel value the least.  Stego hides data by reading your data file one bit at a time, and copying each bit to the least significant bit of each pixel value as it scans across the image. Stego Tips
Stego can hide data in 8, 16, and 32 bit Macintosh PICT files.  Stego can hide data from the data fork of Macintosh files only.  If you need to steg something that has resources, use a utility like BinHex, or an encryption  or compression utility, to convert it to a binary data file first.
Stego Commands
Open... will only display PICT files.  When you select a file, Stego displays it with an info window across the top that tells you how much data can be stegged into the file.
Steg... becomes enabled when a PICT file is open.  It allows you to choose any type of file to steg, and informs you if the file has resources, or if it will not fit in the PICT file.
Unsteg...  also becomes enabled when a PICT file is open.  It asks you to specify an output file, and unstegs the data in the least significant bits of the PICT file.  It will produce an output file even if nothing's been previously stegged into the file.
Change File Info...  This function allows you to change the file type and creator of any file, and is enabled when no PICT file is currently open.  You may need to change the file type and creator of your data file back to what they were before your file was stegged, because Stego does not save file type and creator.  The default output file of Stego is a TeachText file, with a file type of 'TEXT' and a file creator of 'ttxt', so that if you double-
click on a Stego output file, TeachText will launch and display it.  If you're in doubt whether you need this function, you can experiment by using the Change File Info... command to look at the file type and creator of your data file before you steg your data file, then unstegging to an output file,  closing the PICT file, and using the Change File Info... command to set the file type and creator back to what they were originally.
Good News
I plan to release the code for Stego, but it's not fully groomed yet.  In the mean time,it is available on request.  Stego may be expanded to handle other image formats, and other digital media: audio, video, etc. Output file type and creator defaults will be configurable in the next release. The next release will be able to steg and unsteg PICT resources in Macintosh files. I'd like to hear your suggestions for further development of Stego.
I have heard that new versions of PGP are being developed that can produce cyphertext that does not have the telltale headers and footers attached to the cyphertext, which would make cyphertext less detectable when  stegged into a carrier.  Meanwhile, other encryption methods exist that can produce cyphertext that appears to be nothing more than a collection of random numbers. This kind of  file is ideal for stegging.
Technical Notes
Stego rasterizes the image, then stegs data into the least significant bit (or LSB) of each of the RGB color values. (In the case of indexed color, Stego stegs data into the LSB of the index values.) The file length of the data file to be stegged is hidden in the LSB's of the first 32 steggable bytes. To disguise this value somewhat, I take the second to least significant bits of the second 32 steggable bytes and XOR these with the 32 bit file length, and then steg the XOR'd file length into the LSB's of the first 32 steggable bytes.  Where Can I Get Stego?
Stego is available via anonymous ftp from sumex-
aim.stanford.edu. A text file containing abstracts of all available files is available in the info-mac/help/ directory. Stego is also available via anonymous ftp from Don't Forget!
Stego is shareware. You can help to support further development by sending $15.00 or any stegosaur to:
Romana Machado
21090 Grenola Drive
Cupertino, CA 95014
Bugs? Questions?
EMail: romana at apple.com

@_date: 1993-11-29 16:37:15
@_author: Romana Machado 
@_subject: Stego 1.0a2 and where to get it 
Announcing Stego 1.0a2
The First Steganography Tool For The Macintosh
by Romana Machado of Paradigm Shift Research
What is steganography?
Steganography is a method by which a message can be disguised by making it appear to be something else. It derives from two Greek roots. "Stego-" means "roof", or   "cover". It is the same root used in "stegosaur", called a "roof lizard"
 because of the large bony plates that decorate its back.
"-graphy" means writing. "Steganography" means covert writing.
What is Stego?
Stego is a tool that enables you to embed data in, and retrieve data from, Macintosh PICT format files, without changing the appearance or size of the PICT file.  Though its effect is visually undetectable, do not expect cryptographic security from Stego.  Be aware that anyone with a copy of Stego can retrieve your data from your PICT file.  Stego  can  be used as an "envelope" to hide a _previously encrypted_ data file in a PICT file, making it much less likely to be detected.
Stego is  available _now_ via anonymous ftp from ghost.dsi.unimi.it, in the /pub/crypt directory.
If for some reason you can't find
it in this location, mail me $15.00 and your physical or email address.
I will send it to you.
Don't Forget!
Stego is shareware. You can help to support further development by sending $15.00 or any stegosaur to:
Romana Machado
19672 Stevens Creek Blvd. Box 127
Cupertino, CA 95014
Bugs? Questions?
EMail: romana at apple.com

@_date: 1993-09-28 08:16:19
@_author: Romana Machado 
@_subject: GIF experts 
Hi Shari,
I am not quite an expert on GIFs, but I know a thing or two about
manipulating digital images to hide information - steganography,
and I am writing a shareware tool for the MAC that can embed data
undetectably within GIF images. The first release date is scheduled
for October 15. I am also working on providing an IBM version of this
about one month later. If this interests you, let me know.
romana at apple.com

@_date: 1994-04-25 21:40:21
@_author: Romana Machado 
@_subject: STEGO (SHORT) FAQ 
Hello from Cypherella!
Thanks for your interest in Stego. I have prepared this note
to answer most of the questions I've been asked about Stego.
1. Where is Stego?
Stego was moved from the /Recent directory to the
compression utilities directory '/cmp' in the info-mac
directory at sumex-aim at stanford.edu. You can download the
Mac version from there.
2. Is a PC,DOS,MSDOS version coming?
I have not been developing one, for lack of suitable
hardware. Fortunately, bart.simpson at glib.org, has developed
a PC version that operates on TIF files, and Colin James
Maroney informed me that he's made a PC verson that operates
on GIF files. He is shag at oregon.uoregon.edu. I haven't tried
either of these; I hope they're useful.
3. How can I get a copy of Stego by mail?
Send a check or postal money order for US$15 and your
address to:
Romana Machado c/o
Paradigm Shift Research
19672 Stevens Creek Blvd Suite 127
Cupertino, CA 95014
You will recieve the latest version of Stego and news about
updates and future products.
Thanks again for your interest,
Romana Machado
romana at apple.com
Note: Many of you recieved this a blind cc, as a privacy protecting measure.

@_date: 1994-01-03 10:58:58
@_author: Romana Machado 
@_subject: Jobba the Hunt 
Friends, extropians, cypherpunks:
The year is new, I hope to find a new job, too.
If you are involved in, or know about, forward-looking projects that would interest me, I'm looking forward to hearing from you. IUve achieved
quite a few personal goals recently: I've launched and publicized Stego, the first steganography tool
for the Macintosh, developed a part time job as a print model,
worked on various extropian essays, traveled and vacationed.
Once again, it's time to find work, so I am posting my resume.
Romana Machado
19672 Stevens Creek Blvd.  Cupertino, CA 95014
EMail: romana at apple.com  Phone: (408)446-9486
I am looking for an intellectually challenging opportunity as a Macintosh developer, or a combined software development/quality assurance position. I am available on a contract, consulting, or project-
by-project basis. I am willing to telecommute, but not to relocate.
Software development, quality assurance, electronic mail systems, networking, database interfaces, device interfaces, object-oriented software design, Macintosh QA tools, PowerShare, Symantec C++, Think Class Library, MPW, C, Hypercard, Turbo Pascal, Macintosh Software Developer, Paradigm Shift Research, Sep '93 - Present.
Developer of Stego, the first shareware steganography tool for the Macintosh. Stego 1.0 is a data security tool that embeds data in Macintosh PICT files without changing their size or appearance. Stego was developed using Symantec C++ and the Think Class Library. Source code and software are available for review on request.
Macintosh Quality Assurance Lead Engineer, Apple Computer, Inc. Nov '91 - Sep '93.
Member of Macintosh Technology Group in Information Systems & Technology division. Lead QA engineer for a mail server gateway bridging AppleLink and PowerShare/PowerTalk. Authored comprehensive test plans based on IEEE specs for several products. Implemented automated and manual testing, maintained regular reporting. Provided general support to development engineer: installed PowerShare networks and gateways, created icons and graphic art for products, etc. Reviewed and corrected documentation. Tested gateway functions of PowerShare messaging and mail for PowerShare QA team. Also provided quality assurance engineering and testing for several database front-end products, including DAL Terminal 1.1, Data Browser 1.1, Software Asset Librarian, and Pablo 1.3.
Macintosh Quality Assurance Engineer, Intuit, Menlo Park, CA.  Dec '90 - May '91.
QA engineering for Macintosh Quicken 3.0. Implemented  structured test plan and tested user interface, report  generation.
Macintosh ROM Toolbox Test Engineer, Apple  Computer Inc., July '89 - March '90.
Test engineering and test  tool development using MacApp. Tested File Manager, Sound  Manager, Device Manager. Maintained regular reports with  Radar.
Database Programmer, Afghan Refugee Fund, Los Altos, CA.
June '87 - May '90. Extensive programming of a large mail address database for a charity, using DBase III+ compiled using Clipper.
Software Developer, Strategic Decision Group, Palo Alto, CA.  March '89 - July '89.
Developed a printing and graphics interface for SuperTree, a financial decision analysis system. Staff Engineer, Stanford University Department of  Communication. Mar '88 - Nov '88.
Designed and developed LiVE, a communications research tool  that constructs video sequences using a laserdisk video player driven by an IBM AT computer. Developed graphics tools for data analysis for psychophysiology research. Developed Hypercard XCMDs that provide a direct interface to the  Macintosh's four-voice synthesizer.
Staff Engineer, Stanford University Psychophysiology Lab, June '86 - Mar '88.
Developed custom software for psychophysiology research. Created graphics tools for visual analysis of data. Wrote applications that used a variety of low-level hardware device interfaces for multichannel analog-to-digital devices.
Software Engineer, Greenleaf Science Software, Palo Alto, CA.  Dec '85 - June '86.
Member of startup team. Assisted in the development of a Apple II GS based physiological data recording system. Extensive structured programming in Apple Bachelor of Arts in English, minor in Mathematics/Computer Science, San Jose State University, 1986.
MPW, C++ classes at Apple Developer University, 1990.
