
@_date: 1993-02-15 22:07:46
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: dc-nets 
Just a quick note to let anyone interested know that I'm still working on a dc-net implementation.  I've had some problems
with the nodes getting out of synch and am implementing
some sort of ack/commit protocol.
I'm also trying to make it work over TCP links in addition to e-mail.
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-02-18 11:42:43
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Trapdoors (Not Very Likely) 
This is not very likely.  There would be several problems for anyone
attempting this.  First, where do you store it?  On-chip non-volatile
memory?  Second, how would the chip know that it was generating
a private key?  This would almost require artificial intelligence. You can't just scan for a sequence of instructions currently used
by PGP, for they change with each version released.  Or would it
store ALL data that passes through it?  Third, how useful would
that be?  What if you generate your keys on a sub-notebook computer which you carry with you or store in a secure place at all times.
So, no, this is not something you need to worry about.
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-02-26 18:42:34
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: DES chips 
There's no such thing as "the DES chip".
"Since publishing the Data Encryption Standard, NBS has validated 45
(as of May 7, 1991) hardware and firmware implementations.
Approximately three implementations are validated each year.  The list
of companies with validated chips is quite varied.  It contains very
small companies as well as many of the large U.S. electronics
corporations.  The implementations range from firmware programmable
read-only memories (PROMs), which implement only the basic DES
algorithm, to electronic chips that provide several different modes of
operation running at speeds up to 45 million bits per second."
"Hardware implementations of DES are widely available in the United
States at prices under $100; DES encryption boards that can encrypt
stored and transmitted data in a personal computer are available for
under $1000; and stand-alone encryption units may be purchased for
under $3000."
(This is from "The Data Encryption Standard, Past and Future" by Miles
Smid and Dennis Branstad, first appeared in Proceedings of the IEEE,
vol. 76, no. 5, May 1988)
I'm sure that since this was written the number of implementations has
increased, the prices decreased, and the speeds increased.
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-02-26 19:44:49
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: timestamps and signatures 
One of them is Stuart Haber (stuart at bellcore.com)
It's not too complicated.  Basically, what you do is produce a hash
of your text, and publish it widely in a medium that is being
archived, and likely to be accessible and authenticable at a later
time, for example by posting it in a classified ad in a large
Later, when verifying the timestamp one can get a copy of that
newspaper from a library (or from several libraries, for greater
security) and compare the published hash with that of the text.
For greater efficiency, there's a simple way to combine a lot of
messages and produce only one hash which is published.  The
information you get back and store as a part of the timestamp is
enough to prove that this particular hash was one of the many combined
to produce the published value.
This system is actually operating, look in any Sunday New York Times
in the Business Classifieds.
Once can always claim that they "just found out" that their key
has been compromised a year ago, and so deny having signed that
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-03-02 03:30:19
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Yanek Martinson 
^
I'm yanek at novavax.nova.edu (note, no l).
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-03-02 17:52:18
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: META: prefixes for easy filtering 
A similar situation occurred a while ago on the Extropians list.  Many
people were complaining about excess volume, people were
unsubscribing, and there was talk of splitting the list into many
sublists.  There are some problems with sublists.  Many people would
subscribe to all the lists, or many of them.  List management chores
((un)subscriptions, bounces, address changes, etc) would increase.
Many messages would get "cross-posted" to several or all lists, and
thus would appear many times in everyone's mail box, thus even
increasing the number of messages to sift through.  There are other
problems, which I will not mention now.
I proposed a simple solution which is in use now, and has greatly
increased the quality of the list, makes it easy for everyone to only
read the messages they want, and does not require deployment of any
new software.  The actual volume has not decreased, probably it even
increased.  But the information flow is so much more manageable.
The solution is the use of prefixes in Subject: lines.  When you post,
prefix your Subject: line with a short "tag" such as "ANON:",
"DCNET:", "PGP:", "DCASH:", or others.  For example, you would see
subjects like
PGP: new version available
ANON: an new idea for anonymous replies
etcetera.  When reading your mail, just have your mailer sort the mail
by Subject: line (if your mailer can't do that, get a new mailer), and
all messages about PGP will come together, all messages about
anonymous remailers will be in one area, etc.  Then it's easy to
delete them all without reading, to save them to a file for future
reference, or to read them if that is a topic you are interested in.
The beauty of this system is it's anarchistic nature.  There is no
need for people to maintain an official list of prefixes, or to vote
on new ones (as is done with newsgroups), or to ask someone to create
one (as would be necessary for mailing sublists).  There's no need for
the group as a whole to agree on anything.  Just start using them.
Try to find a logical prefix for each message that matches its subject
Most likely people posting on the same topic will choose same or similar
prefix.  After some initial fluctuation, different prefixes for the same
topic will converge to one that will become customary for that topic.
New prefixes will pop up every once in a while, and the ones not used
will fade from the group memory.  This is a flexible, dynamic system.
As a starting point I will make up a prefix for each of the sublists you proposed (if you don't like my prefix, use a different one!):
   ANON:    anon/pseudo_cpunks   Anoymity/Pseudonymity
   REMAIL:  remailers_cpunks     Remailer Technology
   DCNET:   dining_cpunks        DC Nets
   RANDOM:  random-cpunks        Random Generators
   DCASH:   digimoney_cpunks     Digital Banking
   PGP:     pgp_cpunks           PGP App/Current Info    FLAME:-) ziplips_cpunks       Crypto-Censorship
   WHISTLE: fweee_cpunks         Whistleblowers (The "Keith Peterson Area"?)
   MEET:    physmtgs_cpunks      Physical Meetings/Conferences  Here are some more:  META: discussions on the list about the list
itself, such as this post, or the post I am replying to which suggested
splitting the list.  Complaints about high volume, messages saying something
does or does not belong on the list, etc, would use this prefix.
ANNOUNCE: important messages that everyone may be interested in.
FRIV: for jokes, parodies, other frivolous posts.
If a post fits in more than one subject area, the main prefix should
be put first, for sorting purposes.  The other prefix(es) would follow,
separated by slashes.  For example "PGP/ANNOUNCE: new version available"
or "RANDOM/FRIV: why not just flip coins?".  This is in no way mandatory,
it's just a convention that developed on Extropians, and it may be
advantageous to use it, to ease further processing.
Some other ideas:
You can use procmail, elm filter, slocal, or any other mail processing
tool to handle messages with different prefixes.
For example if you are a very busy person, or are reading your mail
over a low-speed link, you may want to save all REMAIL/ANNOUNCE
messages in a "remailers" file, delete all FRIV, META, and FLAME
messages, and for each other prefix, save the message to an
appropriate folder for reading later.
If you were not interested in discussion, but wanted to keep up on what's going on, you would have the filter delete all the messages
from the mailin list that do not have an ANNOUNCE: prefix.
Or, if you have enough time and/or are using a high-speed connection,
you may just sort all the messages by Subject: thereby lumping all the messages on a subject together.  Then you can decide which you are going
to read first, which ones you want to delete, etc.
If this idea takes off, and most people will start using prefixes, further
evolution of the concept is possible.  For example a group of extropians
are developing some software on the list host machine that will let people
customise their subscription, for example choosing not to receive messages
with a certain prefix, not to receive messages that don't have a prefix,
or choosing to receive only some selected prefixes, plus any new prefixes
that come to use.
All this is sometime in the future.  Right now, let's start by just
prefixing each subject line with an appropriate prefix.
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-03-02 19:49:14
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: ANON: Textual analysis 
We probably need "rephrasing remailers" which do some rudimentary
grammar parsing on input text, and randomly substitute equivalent
constructs such as switching active/passive voice, synonyms, changing
the word order where it is insignificant, joining/splitting sentences,
etc.  Anyone here have any experience in NLP (natural language processing),
specifically parsing english?
A possible start would be to look at "grammar checker" programs that check for various grammatical mistakes/misusages and suggest improvements.
Another starting point is language translation software.  After your text
has been translated automatically to spanish -> french -> german -> english,
not much of the orignal style will remain.  Hopefully, enough meaning
will be preserved to allow understanding.
Are there any public domain programs that do one of the above?
One constraint on these is that the message must be present in clear text,
so that it must be the last remailer in the chain.
This could be alleviated by using a standard markup format, such as
MIME RichText, or the simpler markup convention recently proposed
on the mime list.
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-03-03 14:54:23
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: ANON: un-filterable pseudonyms 
This is only possible if there are few, well known, anonymous sites,
and/or if all anonymous aliases look similar, such as an1234.
How do you know if KSDF32 at KMUVAX is an anonymous address, or a real
user login?
I also expect to see pseudonyms that look like real names.  I don't think
it would be too hard to pick a random first and last name from a list
of real names, and create a From: line like jsmith at someplace.edu (John Smith)
which will look just like a regular address.
Even the remailers that don't create reply-able aliases could generate
random real-looking From: lines, just to make the posts look non-anonymous.
The only possible solution would be to ignore all messages not from addresses
you trust.  This is basically the "don't talk to strangers" policy.
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-03-05 12:29:31
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: MISC: Internet Talk Radio 
This is not really relevant to the topics of this list, but...
What they are going to do is produce talk radio programs in professional
audio studios, and then instead of broadcasting on the air, they will
convert it all to a large (estimated about 15MB) sound file, which is
then widely distributed using ftp, and played by anyone who wants,
on their workstation (or a PC with a sound card).
I have an article on it, if you want me to send it to you, let me know.
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-03-17 17:03:02
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: GOV: DMS PreMSP 
Forwarded message:
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1993-03-18 10:07:01
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: HASH: cryptanalysis of MD5? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Yanek Martinson
yanek at novavax.nova.edu
