
@_date: 1994-02-03 00:55:34
@_author: Rob P. Martin 
@_subject: Qwerty Remailer Delays 
I have an idea I don't think has been proposed before.  There has
been a lot of discussion of having "background noise" by having
remailers mail random messages to various bit-buckets and other
remailers on a constant basis.  But why not do it this way.  If a
remailer recieves a message of size N, it holds that message for
a short (< 15min) period of time, and then it sends out X (5 <
rnd X <15) messages of size N, some going to remailers as noise
messages, some going to bit buckets as dummy recipients, and of
course one heading on it's origional route.  One problem with
this is that messages would multiply, ie. 'A' sends to remailer
'B' whichs sends 10 messages out, 5 to other remailers who in
turn send out 10 messages a piece, 5 of which goes to other
remailers who again multiply this.  And you end up with one of
those annoying commercials, where, he tells 5 friends, and they
tell 5 friends until the network shuts down.  So Remailers must
establish some code (which would be send pgp encrypted) that
would give a message a max possible life span of say 5-10
generations. (even that may be too much) "Remeber, the day after tomorrow is the second day of the rest of
your life."      Unknown.

@_date: 1994-02-16 01:20:06
@_author: Rob P. Martin 
@_subject: An out of country Remailer 
I recently decided that running a remailer from this account
might be a good idea. To help the over all good.  It is "out of
country" for most of you, so it will make one more hop that will
be harder for LE to get at from wherever you are.  But I also
want to protect my account as much as possible, so I would like
to ONLY remail to other remailers. (As they are much less likely
to complain to my sysadmin than any other recipient)  Does anyone
have remailer software that could be easily changed to remail to
a limited set of adresses?  If so I would be interested in
helping the cause, if not I probably will go back to being a
"watcher" from the sidelines..
PS. Did I really read that someone said that Canada was a
Socialist country with limited free speach?

@_date: 1994-03-24 23:12:49
@_author: Rob P. Martin 
@_subject: Run flat tires.. 
I was thinking about the way the FBI says it needs the
telephony bill because with all the new technology they are
loosing the ability to wiretap those people that are using these
new comunication methods.
    Then I thought, hey wait a minute.  What about all those poor
police officers that are out chasing bad guys on the street.
Right now, they have the ability, in a high speed chase, to stop
the fleeing vehicle by placing a spike belt on the road.  But now
a new technology is arriving.  Run flat tires!  (You know those
new fangled high tech tires, with a solid piece of rubber that
allow you to run with no air pressure) Oh NO! What are these poor
police officers to do?   I think the government should help them out.  I think that we
need the Car Stopper bill.   All new cars should be built with an
electronic device that allows the police to shut off the engine
remotely.  This will help keep the status quo.  And all those
people they now use the spike belts against, will still be able
to be caught.     Let's just hope that the fequency that they choose doesn't get
into the hands of car jackers, and other criminals..
Food for thought, they just might think of it next. *Shiver*
