
@_date: 2012-07-10 18:22:24
@_author: R|diger Koch 
@_subject: [ZS] Microsoft Research on Bitcoin 
Moving thread to zs-business:
2012/7/10 Lodewijk andri de la porte Precisely. Nor can the government or an intruder, provided the keys are
encrypted on disk. I don't see how users risk anything if you provide a "*Print
backup"* option - no trojan can steal a letter in the safe. You might be
glad one day if you get raided by "authorities" or broken in.
Since this'd help only those I'm legally required to blockade it's low
Well, I can. For example users can come to Fikisha office in Lagos and buy
a printout of a Mini (Casascius) key for cash, which they can fax to the UK
or the EU, for example. At Intersango or MtGox, they can redeem that key.
I'd very much like it if those keys can be redeemed in more ways.*
I'd understand it if it were only Casascius coins. After all who in his
right mind is buying an expensive coin to redeem it shortly after. If
Bitcoin price hike continues, this may also be an interesting feature.
* They'll be able to redeem it at Fikisha, but that only makes sense if
they get 2nd thoughts about the transfer

@_date: 2012-06-29 23:02:56
@_author: R|diger Koch 
@_subject: [ZS] Neat wallet 
Bitcoin is the client from bitcoin.org, right? Wrong! There are a number of
wallets. And the official client is more and more pushed into the role of a
reference implementation. Use it if you know what you do, otherwise, there
are better alternative.
 In fact you can (ab)-use exchanges like Intersango (
as a wallet. But that's not a smart idea. There are plenty of wallet
implementations. There are limitations in Javascript that prevent running a
wallet only in the browser, but some offerings are getting really close:
The problem here is that they still keep enough stuff on their server so
they may take your wallet. I looked at some of the Javascript and it looked
safe, but there is no obstacle to change this tomorrow. On the plus side:
This wallet runs on everything that can run a decent browser and if you
don't put large sums into it, it should be fine.
Here is what you do if you want to store large sums and are as paranoid as
I am:
   1. Create a VM for this purpose (if you are paranoid, this is a simple
   "unzip" of a VM template)
   2. Go to  in the browser of the VM
   3. Disconnect your computer physically from  the network (pull the
   network plug)
   4. Generate the keys, using the "Wallet Details", using a secret key
   phase; copy the address on a memory stick
   5. Shut down the VM and delete it
   6. Turn off the computer and reconnect the plug
   7. transfer Bitcoins on the address from the memory stick.

@_date: 2012-06-30 10:44:27
@_author: R|diger Koch 
@_subject: [ZS] Bitcoin, Empire of void* 
2012/6/30 Lodewijk andri de la porte And about time! Don't keep us oblivious about your progress.
I agree - I actually tried to convince Thomas (author of Electrum) to do it
that way. Name, birthplace.... is not really a password, but it's a salt
that chages the situation of an attacker. Instead of trying out a
passphrase and checking if *any* address matches, he needs to target
specifically you. But Thomas doesn't see the difference. Prefixing a good
password with an unknown, but guessable salt "R|diger Koch - Anu -
Haidelberga - 19121965" is making life of an attacker really miserable -
particularly if you add deliberate spelling errors in.
The beauty of JS from your POV is that you can shift the responsibility
100% to the user. And there is no point to hack your server, because you
hold no user data on your server if the wallet is re-created from the
passphrase every time the user "logs in". So you don't need to back-up
anything and you can't be taken legally responsible for data loss.

@_date: 2013-08-16 21:38:29
@_author: Rüdiger Koch 
@_subject: [Doctrinezero] A brief note on ZS ideas and the relationship with Marxism, Communism, & The Zeitgeist Movement 
Power comes from control over the monetary system. Remove that - walk away
from the bank and their power gets diminished. That is why Austria stomped
on the Wörgl experiment. That is why they go against Bitcoin and other
alternatives with such a vengeance - it is by no means justified by the
actual size of the currency. Money is their power and their Achilles' heel.
Try to overthrow them - the Stasi knows about your plans before you know
them - failure at a very early stage is inevitable. Violence is futile. But
get them at the money - by walking away from it, and they will be as
powerful as the ancient gods. How did they lose their power? People walked
away from them.
What can we do? We define our own money. Bitcoin is a start. Zero Reserve
is a perfect complement. It closes the main vulnerability of Bitcoin -  the
centralizen exchanges. Zero Reserve has the potential to obsolete the
banks. It can democratize money. It allows everyone, literally everyone, to
act like a bank.
Zero Reserve is real. It is a workable plan. We can do it without
parliaments, lobbying or anything - by simply doing it. Will it create a
perfect world? No. Miracles are for religion. This is it:
You can keep talking about the perfect world. You can talk about
redistributing money. I talk about *distributing the monetary system*. And
I am not just talking - I am programming the means to it.
Distributing the monetary system is one of the few good chances I see to
avert the desaster of the coming crash. Much of the value that is produced
is consumed by the monetary system. Make this system obsolete and everyone
can be much richer than today.
We need not fear the robotic revolution if access to the means of
production is possible for everyone. But to permit that, first we have to
obsolete the monetary system.
Doctrinezero mailing list
Doctrinezero at zerostate.is
Unsubscribe:
