
@_date: 2002-05-27 20:28:23
@_author: Rockwood 
@_subject: Feeling Exposed? 
Feeling
We Cover
Your Assets! 	
Policies as low as $525
Coverage Endorsements 	
· Vicarious Liability
· Financial Products
· Property & Casualty
· Investment Services As a Life, Accident, Health agent or broker, potential litigation
against you can arise from numerous sources--a dissatisfied
policyholder, insurance carrier, or other third party. You need to be
prepared to defend yourself even against the most unfounded or frivolous
allegations. After surveying hundreds of agents and brokers, Rockwood
Programs Inc. has developed one of the most comprehensive errors and
omissions policies in the industry--the "Rockwood Guardian." Policy Highlights 	
?	 Limit of liability options available up to 1 million. 	
?	 $1.5 million of defense protection in addition to the limit of
liability. Policy deductibles do not apply to defense costs; 	
?	 Punitive damage protection (where permissible by law); 	
?	 Insolvency of carrier coverage (on carriers rated B+ or higher
by A.M. Best). 	
?	 Extended reporting period provision available (free to
retirees); 	
?	 Low deductible ($2,500); and 	
?	 Short Form Application. 	
Call Corlin Hackett, one of our dedicated underwriting professionals,
today at 877-242-2487 and click here
  for an
application. We are available to assist you in the enrollment process
and answer any questions regarding the E&O program.
Are you a Life Company President, Sales Manager, Broker-Dealer, or large
GA? Rockwood offers additional services such as sponsored E&O Programs,
compliance, and database development.
Contact: Call or e-mail Corlin Hackett  877-242-2487
? or ? Please fill out the form below for more information	 Name:	  	
E-mail:	  	
Phone:	  	
City:	  	State:	  	
 	  Life/Health Agent 	 	  Property/Casualty Agent 	
Visit us on the web at We don't want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to
receive them. This is a professional communication sent to insurance
professionals. To be removed from this mailing list, DO NOT REPLY to
this message. Instead, go here: Legal Notice
