
@_date: 2002-07-24 23:13:20
@_author: Rebecca Wright 
@_subject: [fc] Financial Cryptography 2003 CFP 
Call for Papers
Financial Cryptography '03
January 27-30, 2003
La Creole Beach Hotel, Gosier, Guadeloupe
Sponsored by the International Financial Cryptography Association
Original papers are solicited on all aspects of financial data
security and digital commerce for submission to the Seventh Annual
Conference on Financial Cryptography (FC '03). FC '03 brings together
researchers in the financial, legal, cryptologic, and data security
fields to foster cooperation and exchange of ideas. Relevant topics
  Anonymity                                 Infrastructure Design
  Auctions				    Legal and Regulatory Issues
  Audit and Auditability		    Payments and Micropayments
  Authentication and Identification	    Peer-to-Peer Systems
  Certification and Authorization	    Privacy
  Commercial Transactions and Contracts	    Reputation Systems
  Digital Incentive Systems		    Risks Management
  Digital Rights Management		    Secure Banking
  Identity Management			    Smart Cards
  Implementation Issues			    Trust Management
  Information Economics			    Watermarking
We are particularly interested in novel approaches, such as
game-theoretic or economic approaches, to these topics.
Instructions for Authors: Complete papers (or complete extended
abstracts) must be at most fifteen (15) single-spaced standard pages
in length and must be received by 23h59 EST on September 13, 2002. All
papers must be submitted electronically. (In exceptional
circumstances, paper submissions can be accepted, but special
arrangements must be made with the program chairs prior to September
1, 2002.) Papers must be in either standard PostScript or PDF format,
and should be submitted electronically according to the instructions
at  prior to the deadline. Submissions in formats
other than PostScript or PDF, including word processor source formats
such as MS Word or LaTeX, will be rejected.
Submitted papers should include on the first page the title, all
authors and their affiliations, a brief abstract, and a list of
topical keywords. Papers must describe original work. Submission of
previously published material and simultaneous submission of papers to
other conferences or workshops with proceedings is not
permitted. Authors of papers found to be double submissions risk
having all their submissions withdrawn from consideration, as well as
any other appropriate sanctions.
Proposals for panels are also solicited, and should include a brief
description of the panel as well as prospective participants. Panel
proposals should also be submitted electronically, in plain ASCII
The conference proceedings containing all accepted papers will be
published in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science
(LNCS) series after the conference. A pre-proceedings containing
preliminary versions of the papers will be distributed at the
Important Dates:
  Conference                   January 27 - 30, 2003
  Submission deadline          September 13, 2002, 23h59 EST
  Author notification          November 11, 2002
  Pre-proceedings version due  December 16, 2002
  Proceedings version due      March 31, 2003
General Chair: David Pointcheval (Ecole Normale Superieure)
Program Chairs: Jean Camp (Harvard University) and Rebecca Wright
                (Stevens Institute of Technology)
Program Committee:
Chris Avery (Harvard Universiy)     Helger Lipmaa (Helsinki University of
Dan Burk (University of Minnesota)  Dahlia Malkhi (Hebrew University of
Lorrie Cranor (AT&T Labs)	    Satoshi Obana (NEC)
Carl Ellison (Intel Labs) 	    Andrew Odlyzko (University of Minnesota)
Ian Goldberg (Zero Knowledge)	    Benny Pinkas (DIMACS)
John Ioannides (AT&T Labs) 	    Jacques Stern (Ecole Normale Superieure)
Markus Jakobsson (RSA Laboratories) Gene Tsudik (U. C. Irvine)
Ari Juels (RSA Laboratories)
fc mailing list
fc at ifca.ai
--- end forwarded text
