
@_date: 1996-08-10 02:22:47
@_author: Raph Levien 
@_subject: "Thank you for not smoking" and other euphemisms 
T> "Donations suggested." This usually for leftist events, e.g., a speech by a
My dad did this once, in a museum. There was no altercation, but it does take a certain amount of balls.

@_date: 1996-07-16 03:08:24
@_author: Raph Levien 
@_subject: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
Thanks to Dave for posting this URL. This is a _very_ important document, and I would recommend that all concerned cypherpunks read it carefully. Unlike many of its predecessors, it is clearly written and quite upfront about the "administration's" goals.
   It's not. There's a lot in this document that hadn't been clear to me before. I will try to summarize the highlights (these are all my interpretations, not actual points made in the document).
1. The battle over whether applications can contain strong encryption algorithms has basically been lost. For example, SSL-enabled applications are widely available over the world, thanks in large part to the work of Eric Young. The same will happen for any other encryption protocol that catches on.
2. The battle for key management has not yet been fought. The lack of a key management infrastructure is the main reason why people don't use PGP widely. This is demonstrated quite clearly by the fact that only a few of the people I correspond with, including many premail users, actually encrypt messages on a routine basis. If the key management stuff were in place, it would "just work."
3. Anybody can write an application that supports strong encryption algorithms. Witness SSH, a very impressive and useful program, which was basically done by one person, Tatu Ylonen. However, building a key management infrastructure will take lots of money, hard work, and 3a. Consider a future scenario in which a key management infrastructure allowed big, unescrowed keys to be distributed widely, but that export controls on clients prohibited the use of secure symmetric algorithms. Such a situation would not be stable - the incremental cost of uncrippled clients would be so small, and so tempting, that they would spread like wildfire.
4. Thus, the best leverage for the TLAs to win is to guide the development of a key management infrastructure with the following property: if you don't register your key, you can't play. I believe that this is the true meaning of the word "voluntary:" you're free to make the choice not to participate.
5. This is _important_. If you can't get the keys for your correspondents, you can't use encryption. If they build a key management infrastructure that actually works, people will use it.
6. Export is a two player game. The other country has to allow import of the stuff, too. If the Burns bill passes, the "administration" would strong-arm other countries to prohibit import of strong crypto, still leaving US developers with no market.
7. Building this stuff is too much of a task for the TLAs. They tried it with Clipper, and it failed. They hoped that building the Tessera card would be enough - that once they threw it over the wall, it would be eagerly snapped up by industry.
8. Thus, they're going to cajole, bribe, and coerce software companies to play along. This fact is quite nakedly exposed in the document (good thing the injunction against the CDA is still in force :-).
[much, much elided from Tim's post]
Is this Clipper III or Clipper IV? I seem to have lost count.
So it's a "rough consensus" in the spirit of the IETF :-)
You can count on the fact that NMNSA&c are already being wooed quite Don't put too much stock in the push for PGP and S/MIME. Five million dollars later, PGP 3.0 is still stuck in the mud. S/MIME has serious protocol weaknesses that are still not being addressed. But, most importantly, neither of these systems can actually be used on a widespread basis, because of the lack of a key management Who? Us cypherpunks?

@_date: 1996-07-16 23:41:00
@_author: Raph Levien 
@_subject: Clueless "Attachment converted" uses 
I'd hate to turn this into "e-mail encryption"-punks, but I believe that clear-signed PGP messages should not have MIME types at all. Here's why:
1. All PGP-aware mail reading programs can recognize MIMEless PGP messages. Thus, adding the MIME type does not help.
2. For all mailers that are not PGP-aware, the best way to handle clearsigned messages is to cut-and-paste them to a PGP window. This is most easily done if the message is simply displayed as text. Thus, adding the MIME type does not help.
3. There _is_ a PGP/MIME standard, and these clearsigned PGP messages do not conform to it.
ObPlug: premail, I believe, implements the correct policy. Some messages need to be in MIME format (e.g. pictures). These messages are encoded using the real PGP/MIME spec. Other messages do not. These are encoded using plain PGP, and no MIME gorp.
There is a small bug in 0.44, by the way, that causes messages with tabs to be wrongly classified as needing MIME.
Just my two cents.

@_date: 1996-07-24 00:35:22
@_author: Raph Levien 
@_subject: Netscape 
Yes, we all know that. But which one will Netscape actually _do_?
   If there's one thing we've learned from PGP, it's that configuration and per-user key management are killers. The reason why I'm so excited about Netscape is that you guys have the _possibility_ to really get strong crypto to the masses. Whether you really do that or not is in your hands.
   I've made a proposal for solving the 40-bit protocol failure in S/MIME. There are other proposals out there too, with various strengths and weaknesses. The main advantage of mine is that it requires no additional infrastructure - i.e. VeriSign does not have to start including algorithm preferences in the DigitalID's they distribute.
   Will Netscape come through?

@_date: 1996-07-24 02:41:25
@_author: Raph Levien 
@_subject: Netscape 
I agree. My proposal certainly has its limitations. In addition to the
one you cite, it will make it very difficult to change away from
Triple-DES when the time comes.    Of course, your hypothetical user who wants to use a 512-bit key and
128-bit RC2 is still completely screwed by all currently shipping S/MIME
products, as well as the S/MIME spec.
   I don't like the fact that your proposal leaves clients with absolutely
no information about symmetric cipher choice until the first round of
signed messages has been exchanged. In this initial round, the protocol is
still dependent on the global default.
   I'm not surprised that it didn't make it to the implementation guide.
Most of the people involved in S/MIME do not have a strong background in
security and do not understand the importance of this issue. In addition,
I suspect that there is a lot of resistance based simply on the added
implementation costs.
   I have no evidence that the protocol weaknesses in S/MIME are being
deliberately encouraged by the NSA, but on the other hand, I have no
evidence that they're not. It would certainly be consistent with tactics
that the organization has been known to use. But on the other hand, "never
ascribe to malice..."
   This approach is fine. If that's what you implement, you have my
P.S. Can we agree not to describe 128-bit RC2 as "strong crypto" until
it's been subject to more serious scrutiny? It's probably a great cypher,
but most cautious crypto-people would far rather place their trust in

@_date: 1996-07-25 07:44:48
@_author: Raph Levien 
@_subject: Netscape 
By "screwed," I mean that, because of the default settings, a user who
wants to receive mail encrypted with ciphers stronger than 40-bit will
still receive a majority of messages encrypted at 40 bits. Since S/MIME
has not been widely deployed yet, this claim is speculation. However,
there is a lot of reason to believe it.
  The problem is not that the combination is illegal, it's that nobody
will actually configure their clients to use it.
   Perhaps I'm missing something here. In the model I'm assuming, if I
wanted to send you mail, the first thing I'd do is get your certificate.
Today, I'd do that by going to the VeriSign Web site, but in the near
future I would expect this lookup to be automatic. Either way, it would be
up to VeriSign to ship the algorithm preference information along with the
X.509 cert (whether by degenerate PKCS or some other means). This means
that VeriSign needs to agree to ship the information in response to
queries, and also that users keep the VeriSign database up to date with
respect to algorithm preferences. This is the infrastructure requirement I
referred to, one that isn't present in my proposal.
   After the first exchange of e-mail, the problem goes away. However, I
consider the protection of the inital round to be important.
   Good. The point I'm making has more to do with representing 128-bit RC2
as being of comparable trustworthiness as 3DES, though, not simply of
offering the option. Since RC2 is slower than 3DES, it's not at all clear
to me why anyone would choose it.
   Just to be clear, I'm not arguing with you because I think Netscape
will ship a bad product. However, I do see a real danger that, in the
field, S/MIME will have severe security problems, mostly because people
don't understand how to use it correctly. Carefully explaining the exact
strengths and limitations of S/MIME is our best hope of it being deployed
as a strong crypto protocol. Since most of the force behind S/MIME now is
from marketing, rather than security, people, I don't see much of that
going on (as a case in point, from a technical perspective, the recent
interoperability testing has been fairly sloppy). It is my hope that
Netscape will do better.
